Love the reflection and spectacular scenery. Beautiful colours!Please add your fantastic photo to the Group
Landscape Photographs (ADMIN INVITE only)

Landscape Photographs - Post 1, Award 1Great shot!WOW - der Hammer!

Viele Grüße,

Dirk:-)Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Our friends' masterpieces - Invited Only -, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

incredible shot, well done!!great capture!Wundervolle Aufnahme...echt klasse!Fantastisch!



 ~New Envy of Flickr!~ 
 Please add your photo to the ~New Envy of Flickr!~ stunning.  love it!!Great picture ! So well captured .

Your photo is invited to

Absolutely Nature/(Add5,Comment2&amp;Invite2) !
Please add 5image to the group, and comment 2 from the pool! &amp; Invite 2
Tag your photo with Absolutely Nature



We love your fantastic shot !!!!

Your photo is invited to

FlickrNature(Add 2 / Comment 2 / Invite 2 ) !
Please add 1 to 2 images to the group, and comment 2 from the pool!
Tag your photo with FlickrNatureGorgeous view, beautiful colors and composition!I love these colors!Traumhaft !!Absolutly lovely work!! well done ;)Nice process ... I miss a larger versionSchön gemacht. Der Steg zieht den Blick ins Bild. Die Spiegelung und Deine HDR-Bearbeitung sind große klasse!

Bin morgen Stuttgart - auffm Flughafen :-)
aus einem NonStop-Flug nach Venedig, ist eine Juckelei mit fünf Stunden Aufenenthalt in Stuttgart geworden - dumm gelaufen :-)Großartige Landschaft. Toll eingefangen.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )wirklich wirklich gut! klasse landschaftgeniale szenerie!!! toll!!Das Blau und Gelb ergänzen sich prima. Da wird der klare Blick zu den Bergen ein Blickfang.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful tones.wunderbar !Tolle Farben, klasse Reflexionen und ein traumhafter Himmel. Das alles dann hervorragend abgelichtet und bearbeitet. Super!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1588459...Beautiful!Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Great landscape picture. Very nice.excellent image seen on FP:-)heaven!Stunning Landscape!IncredibleLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.ABSALUTELY EXCELLENT EXPOSURE !!
Great composition and rich balanced tones! !!
Excellent results friend ! !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Stunning shotsuperschön

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great datails!great HDRSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Spectacular capture, beautiful place.

[via Flickroom]I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comNice compositionbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]wooohooo Du bist geade Explore #6 :-) 

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)wahnsins aufnahme... echt klasse ... gefällt mir immer wieder deine Bilder :o)Great shot !very very nice work..Wonderful scape!!!Beautiful!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Impresionante paisaje

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Like Paradise! What a divine image!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe EYE ZOOM ! ESTHETIQUE ! ( INVITE ONLY ), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Wahnsinn!!!!!!!!!Klasse!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Very beautiful shot.........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Awesome image. Congrats on Explore.Das sieht richtig toll aus ! Klasse Photo !

=)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Excelente!!!!Gorgeous photograph!!!!coolHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Remember and sens, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Amazing photograph, great reflection!!!Wow...really beautiful!Wow! Love it.Amazing lightning, wonderful shot!wow - das haut mich um !! schön :)amazing shot! great work! added it to my favorites! :-)Nice shot, good sky and reflection and composition.splendida immagine !I like the landscape in this great shot.It's awesome!!That's a gorgeous capture in time. Well done..beautiful pic! 

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Super Arbeit, Michael! Tolles Motiv und nicht zu drastische hdr-Verarbeitung!Wow, this is gorgeous.Great colors! This shot is laid out very well too. Awesome shot.

Seen on FluidrBeautiful blues and lovely reflection.really nice shot

Seen on FluidrWooooooooooooow!Great ShotThis is awesome ... Love it :)
Liked your photostream :)Die Landschaft ist einfach super. Toll die Farben und die Bearbeitung. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Flickr Marvelous &amp; Magnificent Photos, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Outstanding!!!Woow wonderful capture!Your photostream is wonderful.Beautiful!sigh...
gorgeous composition and rich color.
faved over
and over
...
loving the walkway bokeh too...
could be one of my all time favorite bokehs....

btw this did not come up on my homepage, flickr is running strange today...I love street photography like this.  The colors here and wonderful...and I bet it felt good just to warm the ol' bones...you still have 6 weeks left of winter ;)

Tell Jimmy I said &quot;hi&quot;  he's a South sider like me...such a great guy.  Shhh...you know what that means?  Yeah...I'm a SOX fan.  You might not like me anymore ;)  But you might be a Red Sox fan????stunning photo !!! love bicycles and this way especially !!! 
excellent dof and simply excellent street photography !!!!love it!!!! amazing dof!Amazing street and bike shot.  I love the bright reds and greens and am in love with the green tree bokeh..... Just beautiful.  And sunny.  Looks fabulous.Gorgeous! The dof is superb!classic... but beautiful!

[ via Daniele Guerriero's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]Wonderful image Steve!  Great colors and of course your focus is perfect!  I love the composition of the bike wheels.  Did someone really tell you to get away from the bikes?  What nerve!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh Steven..I have a bike shot from a few days ago!  I'll have to upload it in the next few days.  I LOVE street photography, too.  The only thing is that I'm still a little hesitant when it comes to just go up to the object and shoot.  I still care too much what others think.

I just love the crop of this one--love the focus on the half tire, and the DOF, you are so good at your DOF--they're perfect, not too shallow nor too deep.  I still need to practice more on that.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful tones!
or sneaking up along fence to capture fenceh:) ppl wondering, what is wrong with this guy:))gorgeous perspective - so colorful!  Your new shot isn't coming up on my contacts - just the one from yesterday.i have never tried out street photography seriously
i think i have to try it out
this is a perfect bike shot,like the way you captured the wheels super light and bokehfabulous, i love all those circles. Great quote too :)ha! great quote. i love me some bicycle bokeh

i had to come to your stream to look up your shot. still not showing up on my contacts page

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Your image didnt come up in my contacts list? I only found this by a chance visit to your stream, wondering where my daily fix of top quality Brisson photography was??? Something strange in the flickrverse.That's wonderful street photography. Great work!AHA! Some unplanned or should we say willy-nilly photomagraphing. I lurvs it. I do.Wonderful capture, love the dof and composition. I'm in love with your stream is really wonderful!!Loving the point of view, the composition and that bike&amp;street bokeh!
SF is one of those cities in my list....
(this didn't show in my contacts list, also)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Ohhh Cali...I was supposed to go in March, but am going in May now. So beautiful...I love street shots as well.  Your DOF on this is fabulous!love the title!
cool bike shot!
you make this look easy!Same thing here: I started wondering whether you were still alive and had to go search for your newest creation :-) Strange things happening...

Great composition again. That bike wheel nicely reigns the picture without dominating. And since it's a bike wheel you can still see much of what is behind it...very useful subject.

I have not seen the neighbourhood myself obviously (having never been on the other side of the Atlantic) but I think you managed to capture the mood pretty well with this one. It could have come straight out of an urban movie.
Well..let's check for ourselves this summer..planning on spending most of it in the States, visiting both hot Cali and cold Chicago ;-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love the comp here, the lower perspective here is fabulous.  Wonderful repetition on the bike tires, and I adore how the dof creates the illusion that the trees in the background are really part of a watercolor painting.There you are!  What is up with Flickr?!?!?  I was just doing a search.  Yours is always a standout shot among my contacts' shots, and it was missed!  That shining red bike bokeh--wow!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )I'm in love with the bikes, bokeh and that cobblestone street. I'm warmer just looking at it...Super composition Steve.  Like many of your images, it takes me eye right through the centre.  Lovely tones and those shots of colour are just perfect!One of my favorite cities in the world. But you must be kidding me - I understand you are comparing to Chicago, but still 15 degrees is not what I would call amazing weather. Perhaps for this time of the year, I'll give you that. But surely 20 degrees is even more amazing. Or 25 - maybe 30? :-)
Love the shot, your dof is always spot on, perfect, and the tones are amazing. You must have posted this late today or perhaps I'm back from work early, I managed to catch it before it made FP for once!I love how my eyes stop to enjoy the
spokes of the bicycle tire ... then sweep
past the soft focus of the remaining bikes
to where the brick road leads!  What a visual
delight -- the almost-watercolor impressionism 
scene just down the street!!  Thanks for this share 
of a snippet of your wonderful weekend, Steven!!LOVE this.....great dof and makes me wanna go for a ride...!!!  Hurry up Spring!!Love the focus on the spokes, great framing!Wonderful focus and so much detail!!
I can't wait for spring, its so cold and wet here at the moment!
Thanks for letting me know about flickr hiccups I wondered why there didn't seem to be an upload from you, it seemed most odd!!this is a very interesting one steven. for a reason it's a very original angle that we see less often.
and the processing ... oh .. my.A beautiful day for street photography, this is one of the best bike shots I've seen.Cheers ,have a great day!gorgeous dof, colors and bokeh ! Streetphotography is  an amazing subject full of its own adventures ( i believe) not like i have done much..takes a bit of courage too im sure ;) Seeing these lovely bikes makes me once again wanting spring and summer, we want to buy some this year ;))lol, love that quote! great shot! wonderful composition!Gorgeous composition and colors. A refreshing view like as if you're on a leisurely stroll through the city.hehe..hope no one actually said that to you. I was asked if I needed help after shooting bikes outside a shop..did the guy not notice I was busy?!!LOL
SF is so nice this time of year...too bad you had to go home to bad weather. Love the fabulous focus and elements of this.Just another stunning image! Love the pov and colors... I want spring NOW!:)wow, this is awesome!!Lovely shot!!!!! Composition and tones are superb!!!Now that's not the typical SF greeting.  lol  Great tones and dof, Steven.  Hope you had a fruitful trip to the Bay Area.I totally agree with one of the comments above, you always have perfect depth of field, it always makes your subject stand out.  Love the tones and colors on this one.Nice composition. Way to take us somewhere warm on a cold winter day. Although I think Vancouver weather has more in common with San Fran than Chicago this month.Another amazing shot. Some would say: Hey, that are only bicycles - but the way you composed that shot makes it to something special. You know what I mean (aaargh, I wish I'd better listen to my English teacher 30 years ago) 
The bokeh and the DoF is amazing. But that is something I could write under every of your photo's.
Greetings
Georgeglad you had a nice weekend break from the cold, and hard to beat San Fran for such an adventure... remarkable composing, I love the rings and circles for us to explore before we follow the bokeh brick road... and those colors really give this a nice warm feeling... great work, Ystäväni...lol very funny quote and amazing composition - so well seen! Cool DOF and POV. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I love the colors here! So pretty and lively! I really like the little hints of brick from the street to the building. It adds to that great old city feel. LOVE this one!!!Nice street photography! Looks like a real street bike :))True all dat.
But you have to be bold to do street photography, and not like me, hiding in a corner, trying not to be seen... *bursts out laughing*

It is so fascinating to be out on the street (no, not in a trampy kind of way, obviously), to aim and shoot, to see and capture. Especially if it's not your own surroundings, a new place, another city, a new view. 
And now you really make me want to go to SF! Dammit. 

15'C sure sounds like heaven... Where you in your bikinis? Or well, hopefully then in the male equalent, but, you get the point. I hope. 
I would have been for sure, in that weather so alike the tropics (yes, yes).
This picture is wonderful, it is. It has that signature fairy-tale like play with dof of yours, a professional, clean-cut prosessing, and.... I just love love love that upper left corner with the ray of bokeh-light splashing through, along with the greens of the trees (there really is green in trees in SF?) and the tiny little line of heavenly turquoise..... And bikes, now who doesn't love bikes. Really.amazing focus. i live about an hour north of sf...such a beautiful and amazing city. i hope you had a wonderful trip. :)Let's play word association: 
Street photography. Stage Freight. 
This shot.  Awesome!
Your comments. My appreciation.

Glad you had a fun weekend and so glad the messenger's threats were verbal only. 

FREAK? Really? 
How do you look like a freak?
Course, as Billy Wilder said, depends on the neighborhood!!! ( &quot;

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)My kind of shot. San Francisco would definitely be my city of choice, and street photography ROCKS, especially when it's simply amazing as this.The last time I was in San Francisco (and I must admit, it's been a while) it was February as well .. and 70 degrees!  This makes me want to go back .. wonderful place.Another superb shot Steve. The composition, light and focus is just amazing. 

Hilarious! &quot;Get away from my bike, freak!&quot; hee hee! I can totally relate. One cannot possibly understand the sometimes strange actions of a Photographer unless they themselves are one can they? You should see me in action on some street corner- squatting trying to get a shot of that autumn leaf that's fallen on the pavement! I get the weirdest look from pedestrians doesn't bother me cause half the time am in my own world hee hee!You have the most incredible eye...to take an empty cobblestone street, some bikes...throw in a fence (yes, I saw you sneak one in!)
and turn it into something fantastic!!  :)  
Amazing DoF, perspective and bokeh!!  Love it~
Glad you were able to warm up a bit in SF, it's a great city..

Carmengreat composition and bokeh!You did it again!  I wanted to do a shot like this but unfortunately it's a little difficult to photograph bicycles in the dead of winter! :)  Great shot and love the focus work!You are back on my contact page! Yay! Did you ever figure out what went wrong???
Wonderful repetition of endless circles. I love how you got right down to the ground for this street shot! Brings back memories of San Fransisco and of Manhattan, two of my favourite neighbourhood cities.Love the crop and how the tire in the foreground forms a three-quarter circle in the frame. That's a nice, quiet street you found...love the dof and how the path leads the eye right through the image. Gorgeous tones too!I believe in a great conspiracy here on flickr, hiding King Steven from everyone. The source of this evilness can for sure be traced to someone being very unhappy by the streak of FP his majesty King Steven has collected recently. What? Sarcastic? No way Jose. *makes a courtly bow*.
Now, what better way to end these never ending bulls-eyes than to block us from commenting, looking and faving..... *nodding in a Sherlock Holmes kind of way*.
This is how the PJ's are set tonight folks. We have a criminal somewhere in the serendipitous Kingdom of all glorious Flickrland. 
What to do.... what to do.... *sigh*
(no. no it wassna me. wassna me. for reals)

Steven, it's time to call Robert Downey Jr. Do it. Or Miss Marple. Yes, call both of them.Very nice DoF and composition. You're making me miss the warmer weather! And this snow storm sure isn't helping matters.ok, i have a six sense when it comes to sensing bike shots, so i just had to drop by....
luv it!!This is wonderful...awesome perspective.  SF to Chicago...brrrrrr

Thanks for your comment on my stream...I very much appreciate the visits!I love it too! Wonderful! I have had this desire to do more of this sort of photography and this just inspires me more! Perfection :*)Awesome shot....very funny caption.well,finally you are popping up on my stream...with some of my favorite subjects ,I see...
beautiful focus Steven...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3371186...I love how you take something that is everyday and showcase it!The world is normal again!:)Beautiful creamy bokeh!Yay!!! Congrats!!!Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Nice shot The gradual drop in focus is right on. Well done with the Explore.Excellent bike shot.What a happy photo :) Love the colors!fixieeeeeeeeeKick ass anap...what a great title...On ExploreI really like the dof and the colours you gave

Seen on FluidrSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)A very nice picture, I like the play with tones and sharpnessGreat pic. I like the bokehawesome titlebeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Sublime. Perfect.Love the framing and beautiful DoF. Great capture, Steven!I discover your photostream with this picture and I like everything in this one as in many others ! Great pictures!Amazing light and the bokeh!!!!  Congrats on the FP!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Interesting!A fave, man!a really nice photo. i'm loving the cherry red and winter green of the bikes - almost Christmasy in theme. Bet that biker was just having a little camera-envy. :)I missed this! :-/ well I don't know what to say.. just congrats for FP! ;Dnicely capturedDear Steven,
Very calming photo.
Congratulations on a well deserved #3 on Explore.
Have a great Wednesday!
--
Seen on GetExploredawesome pic.  makes me want summer here ... now!  congrats on FP as well ...Congrats on FP, always so well deserved! Great colors and DoF on this, nice to think about riding a bike again!really nice shot.  I love all the details going on but great dof so it's all just a little vague.  bikes are just cool.  :o)sorry i missed it..darn flickr hiccups....love it!beautiful colors!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)A finer bikeh composition I have not seen.Everyday a stunning FP. Well deserved ;-)Funny title!!! I love the colors and DOFnicely composed image.  Something that could be so cluttered is smoothed out into an intriguing crop and focus on a part of a bike that isn't normally viewed.  congrats on the explores lately!congrats on another FP, so well deservedwonderful dof :) and coloursThe title is great.............love the tones and soft light..........and your dof is always incredible.............Congrats on FP...........hope your
day is great............we are about to be hit with a snowstorm here in
Mass.!!Such a simple idea and so brilliantly implemented... Pictures like this inspire me to look around more. There's always a nice shot hiding somewhere!killer image! bike tires are so great, i love the geometry and the fact that they are usually found in groups so you can get some nice repetitive paterns. wonderful work as always!The red bikes look awesome!this is awesome.  You were so close! We could of had a flickr meet-up!! ;-)  OMG - another FP!!  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Amazing compo and of course, DOF!!well deserved! congrats!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I missed this one, somehow you're not showing up in my contacts? :(
I love that you took an ordinary everyday scene and made a beautiful photo out if it. Wonderful warm tones that compliment the cold steel of the bikes, and the tree/street bokeh is lucious! Fave!Such a great shot! WARM gorgeous color; which I could use right now! Lucky you to get away from Chicago to enjoy the warm weather of SF! Congrats on FP Explore! Always so well deserved! :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² ):)Love the cropping and the depth of field on this shot - super super cool!Excellent colors! Beautiful photo!Beautiful capture and reflection!
Have a great Tuesday :-)Your photo screams Photographer !!!
Thank you for sharing :

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 


--
Seen in the group&quot;***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER***&quot; (?)Very nice capture
Liked the composition
Amazing colours :)Beautiful sunrise and reflection.Lovely image.La luz,colores y reflejos, sensacionales.La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
This is spectacular!!!  The colors are amazingly beautiful!!!  Nice work.... well work getting up so early!!!Beautiful!!! Wonderful capture!!Gorgeous!!!beautiful light and colorHi, I'm an admin for a group called North East Monthly Challenge Group, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent reflections from a stunning sky.  The HDR isn't too obvious - just how I like it!Beautiful.Realy beautiful shot!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)good job , an hdr well edited

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
So lovely, the colors are amazing!Great shot!
I love the colours and the perfect reflection.Cracking capture :)Awesome captureGorgeous!Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.amazing ....Excellent work. Lovely colours. Worth getting up for.excellent HDRI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comMy second Front Page Photo, thankyou all :0)

Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Great photo. Nice tonesBeautiful shot, the colours are amazing, well captured.Really gorgeous!!! Love colours, reflection... Wow!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Beauty!!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Cool shot!!!Look at that sky! It's on fire!Great reflection  =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow. Amazing capture! I love that reflection.amazing colours and processsingbeautiful shotAmazing capture!!Fabulous!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]well done

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/pablocoba/4332168368/]Fantastic shot! Beautiful coloursThis is amazing. Instant favorite!Great composition!

Seen on FluidrI like the reflections in this great shot.Fantastic hues and shadows on this gorgeous sunset image!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)amazing !Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Gorgeous vista! Bravo!What a beautiful and calm time.Wonderful photo!I can certainly see why it is so popular!  It's fantastic and you use it perfectly.  I love the light on the baby. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)That's gorgeous.  Love the pram, blanket and pose.Love ,love, love this so much :) !I do love this shot!wow
amazing shot ..This is awesome.  Score on the pram.  Craigslist can be great!Beautiful photo, and the prop is greatadorable!Amazing. I need one of those!!Beautiful job, Lisa!what is your flooring???I ask because I am thinking of having a piece of vinyl flooring cut that's some sort of shabby woodIncredible! Love the tones.SO sweet. Love it!love this prop.  i've been searching for a buggie and have yet to come across one.  this is so sweet.This did turn out awesome!So cute.  I just found a doll carriage like this at a local antique shop.  I got it for $40!  I just haven't had a chance to use it yet.  I love the color of this one though.  Did it come like this or did you paint it?Thanks everyone!

Lori Elizabeth, it's actually a hand scraped engineered dark oak I had installed throughout the studio. I've been very happy with it!

{Laura B}, that's the original color. No way could I repaint an antique- I'd be so afraid of ruining it! I was looking for a white or natural rattan one, but when I saw this one I loved it.Beautiful.Cute!Adorable,...100% perfection!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4824814...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22777. 

Your all FP are listed here.Fantastic....so beautiful!!!que coisa mais fofa, muuuito linda!i love this!  so precious.  congrats on front page!

good for you on your find.  i've been searching for a steal for one of those carriages but haven't come across one yet.  everyone is asking an arm and a leg for one.amazing! beautiful beyond words.Can you tell me what the baby is laying on?  Do you have a pile of blankets in there? 
 This photo deserves a big HEART, 
please post this beautiful picture at 
 Heart Awards Group. .immagine stupenda

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Andrea Meacci ]Beautiful cute image!stunning=))))) &lt;3So cute!beautiful! see in explorer!Fantastic !!really nice and clear shot....


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)wonderfulThis is absolutely beautiful!  I can see why it's a favourite!

Congrats on Explore! :)Amazing and very sweet!Sweet baby.Congratulations!!Gorgeous! Love this!congratulaions for the frontpageThis is just precious!!Very cute :)
Congrats on Explore: #9 in interestingness (on 2010-02-09)Wow, awesome shot and I LOVE that pram!I can see why parents request it. The setup is adorable. Very cute photo.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Yeah this is pretty freaking good. The cyan and your lips work well together. Awesome.where the hell are the outtakes???

I love this, Ali. Just perfect :)Snow looks awesome, and that ring really rocks!Very nice shotLOVE.


And I believe, now that you have snow, you owe me a picture re-enacting a special scene from the movie The Christmas Story. ;)

&lt;3Damn Flickr isn't showing everyone's photo, which explains why this doesn't already have 43 comments!Wow! This is beautiful!oh wow this is so amazing - JUST BEAUTIFUL!send some snow my way......  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3I freaking love this shot, Ali. So pretty.

 Send some here too!pretty! xso pretty and soft and snowy and fairytale like :)awwww, so pretty, so sweet, so snowy!

*grabs your ring and runs!*omg so gorgeous *-* i love the tones/colors, and snow, haha i LOOOOOVE snow but here in Brasil don't have snow :((( so sad fave  there goes those floridians complaining about their perfect sunshine again!gorgeous!ahhh...this is so pretty and magical.

--
Seen in the group&quot;   = •tHe VeNt• =&quot; (?)i want you to blow snow in my face.Very beautiful :)Very cool shot. Great framing too!this is purdy. i want snow too.Love the snow Ali, beautiful photo!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)the colors  are very beautiful. Very nice shot :-)The tones and composition are so lovely!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awwww..... I lurves this!!!!!!!!!awwww love the bit of snow between your fingers! gorgeous composition and processing!wow...very beautiful capture. lovely colours and mood.Oh Ali, this is so beautiful, and so gorgeous - catching the snow like that for starters, the fact almost every flake is visible....the snow on your lashes, the purply pop of the ring, the gorgeous crop and negative space which isn't negative at all....ADORE xxxxxxxxxHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ow i loved!!!!*.*

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Ágata Caroline ]great photo. 
compliment for your albums!Lovely composition and tones!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Love this !!excellent!you should keep your fringe...this is sweet :)Awesome capture!

Seen on Fluidrfantastic &quot;:-)Walah h!!
THIS IS MAGIC OF A SELF POTRAIT !! 
Amazing TONES ! !
Perfect composition and exposure !
Have A Great Day mY Friend !great shot !Great tones on this, the frozen hands were definitely worth it!very beautiful composition !
nice colorsSo cool!This makes me all smiley inside!!OMG You really only have 50 days left!!!!you have a beautiful stream!That ring is beautiful.
Such a pretty shot.this is soooooo beautiful!!great picture! nice moodI saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Ooo this is so pretty.beautiful colors!!! =DI might as well surrender.  Look how freaking awesome this is.  You rock, Ali!amaaaazingnessss.I love these colors!this is so beautiful! the pose is just amazing and the snow is spectacular! nice job on this photo :)this is beautiful!!!the colors in this are fabulous!!!:)Superbly done! Love the focusing.
(I make more mess than a baby when I eat with chopsticks!)I love this. Seen in the bokeh group.
This is definitely one of Flickrs Best 

Well done. 
 Please ensure image is 'Tagged' - FlickrsBest - Thanks lovely shot. the colours and light are superbawwwe - such a dear shot!
Excellent that you know how to use chopstix!very cute :)Pretty nifty shot!!very cute laura )So cute! The focus is great.Nom nom nom :)Great great focus and awesome composition!Great idea!
Love the focus :)FAV :D 
and i hope so that you get the fourth explore u deserve it ; )Waow! Really cool!!

I can't eat with chopsticks :(

seen in my contact's photosNice shot!

Well done

Good eveningHi, I'm an admin for a group called Daily Dose of Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Love the hearts!! Cute!!!Oh, you just blew all the other candy heart pictures out of the water...so cute!
Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
So cute!  Love this!Thats great 
I love th colours
PS congrats on 3rd front pageFab composition - love the pastel tones!

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
Superb  Macro! :) Love the softness of your pictures! great one!Yay for bite-size love! Very clever! :)Love it!!

--


Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities


--
Seen in the group&quot;Joyful Simplicities--- Love♥&quot; ( ?² )really creative, your title would be an awesome song title :)very nice photo and idea :Dadorable shotvery creative, beautiful shot(:This is a very unique spin on candy hearts. Great idea and superbly executed. I love it!

Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
Haha -- very cute concept!  Love the colors and the focus.  You make me MISS my lightbox.this is incredible!! love the depth of field, great tones and cute message.

well done!!Nice focus. I'm loving your pastel series.Such a creative idea...love this! Well done.Beautiful!!so nice:-)what a lovely little shot....love the story as well...I am hopeless with chopsticks though I pretend to know how to do it...

seen in Joyful Simplicities..love it.....................!!great shot!
congrats on Explore!A very nice picture!Lovely!Love it! :-)so fun and creative!Nice shot!Great idea...wonderful way to depict love.Back to say: W00t! Congrats! :)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Aww.. that's sweet! 
I love the picture. :DCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3095396...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22789Magnificent capture
Your image is inspirational!

Inspire I like the pastel colors. :)♥

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)omg i love this!So cool! I love the colors and the idea of it... it would be so fun to eat candy hearts with chopsticks :)admirable !!cong. on explored :)This is magnificent!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5Very NIce !Wonderful compo! Very creative!so creative... 
love the chopsticks!!! :)
congrats on FRONT PAGE! :)Fantantic DoF! Congrats on being in Explore. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh and Beyond (post 1 - award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful! Congrats on FP Explore, great work.Fabolousexcelente!!Good handI love this so much. Very creative, beautiful colors and bokeh. I only wish I could hold chopsticks that good! lol.this is the kind of creativity that inspires others....

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)This is so fabulous I love your version of the conversation hearts congrats on FP ::))great! the lighting, vividness of colors and the DOF are so good here, I wonder if this could be any better. I guess not, congratulations, great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &gt;&gt;EXCELLENT&lt;&lt;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow this is super pretty!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Laura.Adorable!!All the elements one could ever ask for..... Perfect! That's it! Just perfect!Agreed. Nice capture man. Everything here is spot on.Ripping colors and great detail in that foreground.  And I hear ya on the remotes.  I am cursed when it comes to those things.Love it!

Love the tonalities. 
Excellent your work. Your wonderful Water photo is a WINNER! 

Thanks for sharing it with us 
Anything To Do With Water I agree the definition and color is excellent... Another great one!Incredible colors  in this one!  I really need to start thinking about throwing my ND filter on more often.Picture perfect!!!  Man this one of your best to me.  The colors are insane!  And the details in foreground are amazing. The atmosphere is perfect. Did you have a hard time with all the filters?  I learned my lesson with the remotes, and now I carry two. One wireless and regular cable release. Great filter work. Well done.love this, love the unsettled water and the distant red in the sky, great work :)
 Your wonderful Water photo is a WINNER! 

Thanks for sharing it with us 
Anything To Do With Water The detail you managed to achieve on the rocks is astonishing, absolutely beautifulThe work of a very wonderful and distinct from the timing as well as color and exposure .. Something amazing and fantasticCandyland colors...I think I like them....great detail, and the long exposure is really nice for that misty water/soft sky contrast with the crisp rock detail. really love the light on the rocks...lovely glow.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Don't you just hate it when things like that happen ....then its all a rush .....though i feel its a wonderful image i love the misty water here .Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Images with Filters, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great work.
Love the water and sky.
--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Fantastic image with amazing detail. Superb work.Beautiful work. Love the milky water and pink skies, especially where the water mingles with the stone rubble.You are definitely in a purple patch at the moment!Thanks everyone, much appreciated.This is exactly the kind of work I am looking forward to in the coming months as winter turns to spring and we get some good cloud breaks over the ocean without the horrible marine layer!!!!!  Awesome shot all around and I like how you used the rocks in the bottom of the frame to frame the waterA perfect title for this beautiful image Joe.  I think I would mark your problems up to unfamiliarity with your new 5D rather than &quot;your own stupidity.&quot;  A little hard on yourself I'd say.Beautifullly done. It's so clear and crisp.great workCracking colours and stunning scene overallPerfect shot, great colors.Great shot! Spectular colours and silk effect!Superb detail in the foreground rocks, love that sky too.

BrianGreat &quot;splash-mist.&quot;Gorgeous, well doneFantastic shot, a really nice seascape. Love this misty water.Gorgeous capture, the exposure and colors are great!!Fabulous image!This must be your Valentine's offering!  Love the reds!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Fabulous picture.That is some seriously rich color man! Very unique combination. Great shot!The softness and colors of the clouds and the sea are so surreal and so complimentary of the rough rocks.  I also like the soft glow on the rocks.  A perfect composition.This is quite beautiful.awesome...--
Seen in Canon 17-40 f/4L USM Group (?)This is an awesome shot!  That softness around the ocean is just fantastic.  Very well done image, here.  The reds work well, not overdone at all I'd say.Great comp and detail here.  A beautiful shot!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ·Spirit  Of Photography (Post 1 Award 5) - sweeper active now, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Joe, being honest, the first thing that came to mind was &quot;the colour&quot; followed with &quot;this would look great as B&amp;W&quot;.

The detail on the rocks is wonderful but the smoothness of the water really makes the picture!Stunning ! Sweet comp here. Color is luscious :)Great exposure and brilliant sky! A gorgeous image Joe!Was admiring this last night on my iPhone and wanted to give it a good look before I commented and now that I've seen it in all its glory it better than expected, those reds are just glorious!!!

BTW - know the pain you feel re: cold hands, there's been many a time I've given up and called it a day.  Normal, fingerless or even camera gloves don't work, but I found these in a shop one day, think they're shooting/fishing gloves, but trust me they work a treat, well worth the pennies: 

www.countryattire.com/products/barbour-neoprene-foldback-...fantastica!!!!
www.flickr.com/photos/melgibson/Just beautiful!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Beautiful light and tones

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Water looks like mist. Nicely composed waterscape!masterful capture
This wonderful poetic gem was seen in:

ImagePoetry - ImagePoésie!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Incredible colors and beautiful compo, I love it !Awesome colours and light. Great crisp detail and clarity when viewed large. As ever super filtering and processing remain a 'trademark'.Awwwwww.... incredible long exposure... I really like it!

Seen on FluidrAbsolutely beautiful work!awesomeLovely long exposure!I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.Truly magnificent composition. Like it quite a bit!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)congratulaions for the frontpageJoe, this is an incredible long exposure.  I love how it brought out the colors. And it's a very interesting scene it what appears to be a very tough place for compositions.This one definately has a firey feel to it.

This image was spotted in landscapes-shot-in-portrait-format

Please be sure your photo is TAGGED &quot;landscapes-shot-in-portrait-format&quot;

landscapes-shot-in-portrait-formatHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!splendid job!As always a beautiful photograph.  Sounds like the trouble you had may have well been frustrating for you, but this is still a lovely, lovely image.  You always inspire.  And congrats on the 'Explore'!Love the long exposure Joe and the colours are superb. Must have misread your comment the other day about 10 stop filters, I didn't realise you had one! Missed this particular sunset, been up to the Somerset levels for a couple of days to photograph the flock of a million+ starlings... which was totally unreal, image to follow!

TonyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Sand/Sea/Sky/Sun : The Four Fantastic ( Post 1 / Comment 1 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful rocks on foreground with this smooth effect with your exposure
--
Seen in the group&quot;[ Wonders of Nature ]&quot; (?)i love the lighting here and the way her hair blends into the wall.great lighti love the lighting on her body
it is amazing
:)this is really pretty!SYKE.
SHE IS NOT 12
omgShe is 12 :Dthis is excellent. great use of natural lighting.Hey Zack, I love your photos. I'm curious with this one though, how it would look with the top cropped off a little. There is some negative space above her head that doesn't really add anything. (The only reason I am noticing, is because I am trying to do better at this myself). Great mood and capture though. You have a good eye.i actually really really love this zach.

and contrary to what jmoreland said, i think the negative space adds to the photo. without it, it would be a little too cramped and busy.thank you sarah! and yeah i agree i don't think the crop would look gooddoo she hotawesome lightingThe lighting is Awesome :)Nice sharp capture :)
Good composition too 
The lighting made the pic more interestingDon't crop it... the pic is nice as it is :)fantasticaBequtiful light.Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.pure beauty.Fantastic portrait! Gorgeous girl!

Seen on Fluidrvery pretty!! great shot!Very nice portrait!excellentthis is excellent. Beautiful portrait

The earthy tones here are BRILLIANT. I love this.So simple :) I love it, and the titleVery pretty photo.Nice!!A nice clean port of a young lady jusA  nice clean port of a young lady just  doing nothing but it is the fact she chilly fact that she in a simple pic that makes it so good Snacks 53Cool pic:)beautiful pic!!!Very good light and a beautiful lady.  There is only one thing missing - the sharpness.This is an amazing image. Gorgeous!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A stunning portrait! The beauty of the young woman (what eyes!) is matched only by the beauty of the light and its effect on her and the room. Love the colours. Don't crop!seen on explorer ;-)

add a vote to the don't crop crowdnice picture, she is beautiful

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--HolgerBrune ]excellentnice &amp; cute picBeautiful photo!very cute!Beautiful, very beautiful indeed.Beautiful lightingSembra provenire da un film di James Ivory!!! bellabella ciao ciaoIl taglio claustrofobico ed i toni, bellissima.la parola &quot;claustofobrico&quot; mi mancava.. perfetta. grazie mille a entrambi.Bella foto,ottimi toni.stupenda!Mi riferivo all'inquadratura molto stretta. ;) Prego.davvero splendida!Belladavvero bellaFabulous colour tones!
Seen in: ◄◄ Rewind: Retro and Vintage Lovevery nicebella
lovely soft tones :-)Bella, bellissima!:) anna kareninaJust gorgeous.  So soft.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Do you want to be in Wonderland?. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

great work!
 Do you want to be in Wonderland? im crazy in love wit this tone :XXQ lindo paisaje :)Stunning image John, nice to see it in different conditions from when i was there a few weeks backBeautiful image!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called cumbria's photography group, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice one JG.If this is a sighter then i am looking forward to seeing the rest dude.ha,saw the thumbnail and straight away thought Wastwater.Always worth the wait for light as good as that,it looks excellent mate.Wonderful landscape shot. 


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images


 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.Not a wasted journey John, lovely composition.great shot !nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Really a lovely shot. This is the type of image that is often tried and rarely nailed. Thanks for sharing your art.wonderful composition and light. 

I do find the dark cloud at the top left a little distracting - if only we could control everything ! Painters have it easy as they can choose what to leave out.....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Favourite Capture (POST 1 Comment 2) Join Contest : Green, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Brilliant capture, those rocks lead the eyes to the picture and that light on the mountains is awesome !
WELL DONE !That's a super shot Johm, the golden light on the hills contrast well with the blues. I would have taken a plastic cup with me tho just to pour water over the dry parts of the f/g rocks.  :DWell worth the trek.

I love the contrast of the blues in the foregreound to those warm oranges in the hillsBeautiful light and tones

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!I loved this view long before in became Birtain's favourite view, and still love it just as much now.  But the light in your capture is magical, one of the best I've seen.  Instant fave.Stunning capture,what a beautiful view enhanced with that light and coloursStunning shot, love the light on the hills in the background.Lifts the soul this one John, light and colour outstanding. Very well done mate.Outstanding JG, well worth the long drive and long wait. T.hanks for sharingnice one!Awesome colours. Great shotWell worth the drive,you've caught some beautiful light on a lovely scene!!!Fantastic photo! Well worth waiting for. Any trip to the lakes is worth it and a shot like that is an added bonus.Sublime light and colour, like the cloud coming in at top corner again, builds on the story of waiting for that chink in the clouds to catch this wonderful sceneI like the landscape in this great shot.Beautiful image!Stunning shot! Worth the scouting and waiting!absolutely amazing!Excellent! Great colors and comp :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!excellentBeautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Cracking shot, pin sharp from front to back. Like someone had already mentioned, the cloud top left just catches my eye to much. Still amazing.Mighty fine!Wast Water... one of the most beautiful places on earth. I can still hear the silence. Thanks for the rememberings.
Beautiful photo btw. The light and the colors are perfect.great composition! I love it.Thanks everyoneone for all your wonderful comments, very kind indeed and much appreciated.

landscapepics &amp; pmphotography.me.uk - The top left cloud doesn't really play a part in the composition to my mind either, I actually uploaded the wrong version in my haste to post the image. The better version (whch is identiacal to this other than the clouds) will be uploaded to my website, which you will be able to view soon.

-SEH- Photography - Yeh, often a good idea to take a bottle or some sort for that, see the lads at ramble with amble for there very own personal way of wetting foreground rocks ;)This has everything a good landscape should have.  Great light, awesome composition, super foreground interest, nicely contrasting colors. Great job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LO SCRIGNO / THE COFFER - &quot;INVITED ONLY&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant photo, like the light and colours...congrats.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardWorth the effort John, plenty decent light and a great comp.Incredible catch.Cute!Oh my! What a cutie! I have a boxer (Dozer) and a boston (Zeppelin)...they are the best of friends. I like that a boston is small and yet tough enough to handle playing with a big dog like a boxer.very cute, love it.cute cute cute!Awwwwwwww!so cute. How could you not love this shot!Beautiful!Adorable, beautiful...did I mention &quot;cute as a button?&quot;
Great shot!!so stinkin' cute!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix ANIMAL Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group!!That is the cutest dog of all dogs in all the history of dogs!oh my so cute!Fantastic photo; really great creative use of the depth of focus.Great dog, great photo!This is just great!  The only thing that could make this better is an &quot;I can haz Chezeburger&quot; caption in a dialogue bubble.  Just kidding.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Oh my god !! So cute !!Kut€;-)来She's so cute and I love her name!!Awwwwwwwwwwww.....so wonderfully cute.Adorable !!She looks so sweet! Loving the focus here... :)So very sweetQue bonita foto.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)So adorable'Adorable capture! She's precious. Have fun with her! Thanks.suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper cute ^.^explore!!!
preciosa y tierna toma!!!!!!Rawr! Fun fun shot! Great dof control!What a delicious photograph of a delightful puppy!Hello Georgie Clementine!
The focus is so perfect :]

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This has got to be the cutest puppy portrait I've ever seen!The puppy is adorable, and the focus is amazing.Wow! What a great surprise to wake up and see Georgie Clementine explored #17. Thanks for all the great comments about our little princess. I'll post some more fun pics of her soon.Too damn cute. Great shot. Love the DOF.Adorable!I love it!! I love Boston Terriers, I have two myself Maxi and Pumba [http://www.flickr.com/photos/amecoli/3446784169/in/set-72157622581831432/]this is sooooooo cute!:) very coolgorgeous little cutiec:)omg... so cute! i want one!so adorable and i love the focusso cute....Great capture..!Super cuteomg soooooo cute!!!!!!Could not be more adorable.  I love the low to the ground perspective you chose too :)oh my god! i want one, so cute, great shotCutest puppy today!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Nice shotAdorable!

Seen on Fluidrhaha amazingCute.Adorable!!!WOW.You have an extraordinary Photostream very beautiful photos.
I invite you to see some of mine. Greetings.
Reflections Catedral of Leon. (Spain)
www.flickr.com/photos/24822386@N02/2349619597/page21/
Esta hermosa foto fue vista en: 
This wonderful picture has bee seen in:&quot;HECHIZO&quot;


 


Post 1- Award 2
Sube1- Comenta 2


Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Gracias por agregar tu foto al grupo 
-:^:-Hey there little cousin, you're so cute :pIs so perfect!!!

Seen on Fluidrnow this is super cute!Sweet, wanna hug :-)loving this photo so much! excellent jobSee she is cute!!!!So cute !
--
Seen on lab.bernatcasero.com ( ?² )Just too cute! Great shot, love the dof:-0 soooo cute!!!aweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ;o) lovely cutie ...
Thanks to everyone who made George #1 on Explore today!very cute

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow! great shot. 

hello Georgie!

so cute..........ooooooooo!!!! so precious! and congrats, he is still #1 : )congrats on Explorer!
love your dog-shots..............que preciosidad jajaj por favorr pa comerselo :Dcutest thing everdear God, this is absolutely cute!Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ♥hehehe...how cute. = )oh so adorable. fantastic shot - and a great subject. congrats!so cutePrecious. You will be forever in love with your Boston Terrier! Trust me, I know ;)

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South (studying for the CPA) ]Awwwwwww what a precious little beast. Such a nice photo. I want to squeeeeeeze him!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love this pic!!!!


hello! :)great focus! and DOF :)OOOown !!

C:So sweeeet!Beautiful photo!oh.emm.gee
how cute is that?!?!?!?!?omg this is soooo cute! Cant wait to get one BT for myself :)awww how cute. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )How lovely!!!!OH MY OH MY !!!!!  this is soooo sweet!!  great photo!

Congratulations with EXPLORE!

I am numbre 3,223  viewer!!!  hear hear your a winner today !!Super cute

great capture!

--
►
Please, kindly share it to:
 !!- ♡ANIMALI ♡-!! Animals 
ThanksWhat a cutie :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Snyggt lagd focuspunkt och härligt ljus, gillar kompositionen:)!!!Its the mood and the focus and the sheer poetry of the image. It says winter and it says 'spring is coming'. Perhaps because of that light. Sorry keep forgetting about the reindeer but your reindeer are magical and poetic and not to be mistaken for ones that run away. I specifically asked for deer that would not run at sight but hang around with flasks of coffee and witblits.Exelente desenfoqueBeautiful focus!så mysigt :)
vad har du för dig i helgen?Love the focus.Very beautiful work my dear .....
Excellent capture ......Your choice of focus is really interesting!  I like it!!beautifulAwesome. Lovely tones, the ones you can only get in the north... The focus on the branches is just what is needed to make an outstanding impression. I love the depth.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful shotLovely, evocative image! You've such a wonderful eye for drama and romance.gorgeous framing..the branches remind me of lace somewhow :)
so much depth in this photo 
and i love the lightVery clean image.  Nice work.beautiful!What a surprise to see the large version with the focus quite in the front. Based on the small image, I expected something else :-) 
I love the pink tone!The focus is perfect, the tones are delicate. Great work!Vilka härliga mjuka färger (om färger nu kan vara det)! Intressant med så kort skärpedjup dessutom.everyday i look forward to seeing your photos ...great dof and tones!absolutely gorgeous!beautiful.

--
Seen in Canon 50mm f/1.4 USM (?)LOVE this!  

just passing through quickly this evening.  off to get some zzzs.  will be back to catch up tomorrow! :)En stor fave! 
Väldigt snyggt tänkt och fotat.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardso beautiful! :)Gorgeous perspective, light and DoF! You had me at thumbnail!So beautiful and peaceful!oh my!  this is so pretty!  i would totally hang this on my kitchen wall :)  i'm so happy you enjoy my morning breakfasts... don't forget to add this to the group pool :)so pretty colour-tones! love,love,love it!oh !
this is so sweet :)Nice!So pretty!!!digging the tones!

now i must get me some grapefruit juice.mmm looks very healthy but delicious! lovely tones :)i love this...the tones are gorgeous. ;)
such a great inspiration shot.This is so gorgeous. I love the bright colors and the composition. Very awesome shot!such pretty tones!Love the colors :)What beautiful colors! I've never wanted a grapefruit more!wowwwwz, I love the color and the detailthis is so cool! I LOVE it! great great detail and tones :DNice colors, love the title.Nice contrast between the green and red! Well done.fabulous pop of color!Very cool. I love the tones and processing!nice colors (:Wonderful pretty tones. Love Barb's breakfast shots too.Great focus, and tones!I love the color in this!amazing shot (:Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.beautiful shotThis is gorgeous!this is fantastic!!  your images are really beautiful!The colour and light is wonderful - nicely done.Great idea and this is just so lovely and subtleBeautiful idea and well doneLove the light, really nice.gorgeous!this is lovelyGorgeous, you're right the paper gives a lovely background.  The texture is greatVery pretty!  

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Really pretty - love the processing.

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Such lovely textureLoving your work  again!This is gorgeous - lovely colours and interesting composition.gorgeous

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely, lovely, lovely! :p)What gorgeous colours!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Happy Snapper Photo a Day&quot; (?)beautiful colours and tones....wow fantastic. Tulips are my favourite flowers so loving this alot.simply beautiful.great shot!
congrats on Explore!nice .......!!


..

This is really nice.Very nice.Wonderful shot !!Beautiful shot...love it!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4475121...It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22787.thanks everyone :)Interesting and gorgeous vision
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)love this!Nice shot
Happy to ~EXPLORE~ your Photoamazing captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Really wonderful !!!!!!!!!Gorgeous!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!I love this - the colours are beautiful.Supercute!Fabulous!love the focus and cropI love this!Incredible, looks like a glass eye!this is gorgeous (as is S, obviously) - perfect cropLovely shot!Gorgeous!Amazing detail. Great crop. GorgeousGorgeous! She's got your beautiful eyes....xGorgeous!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)The focus is brilliant. She has such beautiful eyesGorgeousBeautiful! Just lovely xBeautiful capture.gorgeous girl!Gorgeous xGreat capture! Great focus!Perfect crop and wat gorgeous eyes and lashes!The Sofi's eyes are magick! Congrats!cute shot !!ExcellentFantastic close up!

Seen on Fluidrwonderful eye..wonderful baby.. nice reflection in his eye

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Well done on Explore!  She's been popping up on Interestingness all day!  Go Sophie!Wow.  So precious.  Amazing shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunning captureoh my god...is fantastic...BrilliantBeautiful!  The bokeh is gorgeous!Great Dave, it's soo sparkly! Glad to see you back on line, hope your computer is fixed :p)Ooh am love, love, loving this!


--
Seen next to a fellow photo of Happy Snapper Photo a Day. (?)Beautiful - perfectly captured bokeh!Gorgeous!

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Happy Snapper Photo a Day&quot; (?)this is gorgeous. loove the tones and the bokeh....very pretty! the light is just perfect! beautiful capture.Wow thats so beautiful.  Great job capturing it, totally amazing!gorgeous.. love it!!AwesomeThank you all very much. Amazing what you can do with an old manual lens which cost £8 on eBay! My project this year is to get out and make more use of it!Number 94 in Explore!  Well done!Lovely shot, the light and DoF is beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely shot.  Well done on making Explore!Great shot.just beautiful!Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.sweet bokeh!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)que linda!great shotGotta love bokeh from natural light. This is beautiful!I love this the bokeh is absolutely fabLove this! Congratulations on Explore.I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.Jumped straight out at me when I was browsing Explore. Fab shot.love the focus and the bokeh!Lovely Color, i like thé Color processing two.amazing bokeh!nice shotThe tone here is awesome... also really enjoy the dof.

Seen on FluidrIt's a beautiful shot well done!

Please share this photo with Explore Furore group.
--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Happy Snapper Photo a Day&quot; (?)this is stunningnice frame....Una pose genial Carlo
Saludosher blonde hair, skin tones support the color, along with the panties, subtle as they are they add.  Like that you are including the scene, provides background on the amount of work that goes into theseproductions Carlo.  You both have left the natural light and settings.  Expectations have risen my friend!Excellent!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)I LOVE this picture. It's so dynamic. Excellent work Carlo.Oh and I see you picked up the 24-70 whilst in nyc.  good for you!  more snow tonight/tomorrow!Non posso non chiedermi quanto misurano le sue gambe come lunghezza... :-)niceBonne énergie !!!wonderful shadow! i like in colour as well, but obviously bw is only in my imagination!excelente amigo, es espectacularVery Cool Lightingexcellent teamwork - funny and sexy shot, not that easy to combine the two, but you've succeeded hereSuper shot love the shadows.. good choice to go for colour :-))amazing long legs, woooooow, perfect Carlo :-)Wow, what an interesting pose and light!very nice shot, love the lighting and shadows. 
seen in exploreawesome photogenialExcellent shot.... congrats!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!This is awesome! Love the shadow! Congrats on Explore!niceSetup :
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/profete/4343284458/]Awesome work :)
Great composition ! 
Love it !!!Waiting for new website :)awesome idea! love it:)hehe comment t'as fait pour le faire tenir debout?!

bravo c'est excellent, mon shot préféré parmi tes derniers récents!soooooo creative! and terrific work... everything is perfect to the very last detail, the setup, the lighting, the quote, the idea... thank you very much for sharing, for the quote and for sharing the setup as well!wow, this is truly great!

(seen in my contacts uploads)[ NJ.. ]

It's coming ! 
I'll post the link within my next shot.

[ Potopoyo ]

Merci m'sieur !
La figurine a des mains, ou plutot des pinces articulées.Awesome! :)  Love those tones!I really like this shot! really cool tones and perfectly lit! :)Effectivement; encore une belle prise de vue !
Bravo pour la réalisation

PS: concernant facebook, fais attention, facebook est propriétaire des photos déposées sur le site. On a déjà vu des gens qui se sont fait utiliser leurs photos à des fins commerciales![ InsP.ireR M_u_s_E ]

Pas de soucis avec facebook. 
Je poste juste des liens, donc je n'ai rien à craindre.Haha, really good idea :o) I like the concept and how you did it! Very nice :o)this looks really cool dude.A skilful composition!!www.flickr.com/photos/lovevirgin/3211907204/in/set-721576...wonderfulVery creative!

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )This is fantastic!
I love everything about it. 
Good luck with the project and all.
I am useless  with Facebook but I would love to be a fan.
Wall-e is so lovely.
Have a great day!

**just looked at the set up. Poor Wall-e you nearly blinded him. :-)I love this. How did you manage to get Wall-e to stay balancing there?

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)[ Solamore ]

Just become one so !
Not yet registered on that famous privacy-killer ? :-p

[ Little Miss Pink Wellies ]

This figure has articulated hands. 
I just pinched the umbrella's structure with them.Beautiful light and composition. Well done.Great setup.
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excellent composition, good lighting!!superbe réalisation :)Aww Wall-E is so cute.
Great shot :)So imaginative--love this shot, and the light you've captured!
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )love this man. cool!great light!i am so in awe of your work, man. you have an absolutely fantastic eye for lighting and composition. congrats on the canon-france thing!! totally deserved. it's a great series.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome capture
very crisp and clearGreat shot...nice set-up, Romain. And the quote is very true. Amazing  Shot !!  Et je dis qu'elle mérite bien qu'on y retourne pour mettre un second commentaire :)

Juste pour les couleurs, qui sont vraiment top !!!I love Wall-E and it is so cool to see how you set the shot up! :)So much comments. Thanks everyone !

[ Ricarda ]

Thanks for the sweet words !
it means a lot to me.

[ InsP.ireR M_u_s_E ]

Carrément ! Merci :-)GREAT PROSPECTIVE !!
Love the composition !
Good apurture setting !
Have a great day my Friend !magnifique travail ! twitté par Canon, bravo !!!interesting quote
great image
luck with the pagevery original creation!Wall-e It's the best machine.Congrats for your new webpage!!![ Sr. D. Javier de Garcia ]

Well, it's not online yet ;-)Excellent shot !!!!Damn…

You're GOOD :-)Breathtaking!!! OMG!!! Love it!wonderful . . .
Explore page .......wall-e =)
cute capture !!!

i love the light in here !!!I love it! Great composition and awesome lightning! WonderfulThis as a great quote you could write and write about it; If the guy who said it wasn't in actuality a tightrope walker.
If you let the the quote stand without that fact it becomes more interesting! And standing on it's own, it starts to sound like something Nietzsche would say. Now you've got something to BS about!

The image is a prefect tie in to the facts of the quote; But the spirit of it,  now that's something else!

Love your project here; but I only have enough mental energy for one of these an hour and I see I'm behind - so I'll come back an pick up the others.

Great work!great shot and quote!Interesting. I just heard quote project.
And this is excellent shot.Great work. Nice idea!Great shoti love the lighting and the sharp angles :)
great job!it's magnificient composation with great lighting
i'm allways like to see shot translating to a quote
well donecongrats on the twitter.  amazing work.WOW this is geniusBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Favourite Capture (POST 1 Comment 2) Join Contest : Green, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !this WOW!wOWOWO!!!I love it!Great shotCongrats on Explore #3 :)Congratulations, Romain, for making front page on Explore.ah ah ah ... :-)))

Seen on Fluidrthanks for visiting my stream...your photos are amazing!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Explored !your gallerie is very impressive! :)Wall-e ventures into strobe land! Cute. Hope he didn't get blinded. :)♥ the sentence and the movie :Pfantastic workwow man. so glad i came across your stream. so inspiring. well done !!amazing tones - congrats.Your work with light is really great. Like the details on this picture. Congratulations!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe ART WITHOUT END ... - invited images only - P1 C1 -, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Excellent !!!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe M - for Message  [Post 1 Comment 1], et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !the lighting is insaneWall-E had to be so exited. I enjoy the lighting, very well done.Vraiment excellent ! 
Super travail et magnifique Photostream ;-)Congrats on this fantastic explore!Great great great composition!

Seen on FluidrSuperbe photo ! j'aime beaucoup !
La lumière et la composition sont énormes !Amazing!  So cute to use Wall-e! :)Outstanding creativity, superb shot, beautiful framing and light!!sofa king great... and inspiring!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3395802...It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22804.Félicitations !!! :)
Tu fais mouche à chaque fois ;)

C'est marrant, de mon côté, depuis 10 jours, plus rien, pas même une photo explorée ! C'est bizarre tout ça :)Love this quote and great ligthing !

Congrats for the Canon France tweet !
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )awesome shot, superb workHaha cool! 
My son loves Wally and Eve :)
The quote is awesome, even though I'm most often just waiting...Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Great setup, nice shot. Congrats on the Canon mention!muy buen ejemplo de como realizar una buena iluminaciónHi, I'm an admin for a group called SUPER  Stylish, and we'd love to have this added to the group!bellissima! :))Very well lit and great exposurenice work as allways :D

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?) seen in / виђено у групи:
 Serbian Photographers


 Српски фотографи / Serbian PhotographersVery nice composition 
very sensual 
I like this pictureExcellent composition, very good!:-)Beautiful light here.stunning capture!!!

gorgeous emotion and feeling!!!When I look at this photo...I can smell it...I can taste it.Love the pose and lighting... your expression is of pure pleasure...enjoying the warmth of the light.  Beautiful work.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great shot :)
so beautifulUn joyau!Muito perfeita as luzes!So lovely atmosphere!You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!!

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Beautiful light and fantastic title.pretty curtains! and i looove your hair.beautiful...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the light and composition here !

Seen on FluidrSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3794703...bravo on front page julija :)

the light coming through the lace is beautifulNice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Lovely ♥ EXPLORDGreat!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Female portraits by a window, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is so amazing...I love it!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All Safe Pics Welcome, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful lightCongratulations on FP Julija!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great light here. I love the patterns in the curtain.fantastic light!
awesome shot!soo goodThis is very pretty. Everything is pretty. Superb photography.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I, Me, Mine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

Visita sus fotosWonderful picture, very beautiful shot!!!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Amazing light, I love it!
Congrats on front page Explore!Lovely image. Love the poseMe gusta mucholovely mood!!The light coming through the curtains is delectable.Great lightingWAW......Nice lighting.  the light on the arm is the best part.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Excellent!I just fall in love with this! Love the colours and the swoon!this is beautiful, i love the tones.beautiful! love the feeling of motion and wind :) gorgeous tones too!The colours and incredible, the light is gorgeous. I love the location! Oh, and the movement of the sheet.you work wonders with processing. :)ooh so prettygreat shotMe encanta!beautiful tonesThe colours in this are so beautiful :)so romantic!!! love it! &lt;3pretty prettyso warm and happy :)gorgeous!love it!!!wow.......amazing!love the tonesGorgeous!lovely captureamazing movement!so beautiful!!!omg makes me feel all summery all over again... it's still bloody cold overhere -to burst my own bubble ;-)-
such an inspiration.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mariecanon/] It's cold here too! There's like a meter of snow on the ground :PawesomeloveThe movement of the sheet &amp; the vibrance in colours is amazing! Great shot!this is beautiful!very nice capture!
mhmm.
this is amazing.
as usual :)
the colors are just fantastic.the flawlessness of the cloth movement! i love it!:O so beautiful photo.love!!!!!i feel free when i look at this.
and i like the glow in the photo too.Wow... great movement!A perfect moment captured for an endless timeso smoooth....the lighting and tones perfect as always :)magicfun stuff, and nice warm lighting!very inspiring :)
love it!amazing capture! beautiful colours and tones.very niceSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)what a happy shoot!

congratulations!lovely photo! awesome!A very nice atmosphere!Amazing light, tones and movment !

Seen on Fluidrbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.Heh, Gorgeous.fantastic photo!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Gorgeousness, freshness, happyness. You made it !owh, like this colors; 
this is beautiful !perfectbeautiful; love the movementamazing
beautiful colours :-)I like this lights!!! wonderfull capture!beautiful processing. love the colours and tones :)just perfect....congrats on Exploreperfect shotWhat a superb capture. The motion is great here. Awesome photo.beautiful !What an amazing and epic shot!Nice movement.Very magical I love this :)) Great fieldbeautiful ... and so pretty!O.O wooowA  fantastic image
Nicely seen and shot


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Awesome!such an uplifting shot!Great title!  This certainly deserved to be Explored.  It is a wonderful capture!  Have fun at Semi!!  =^Doh god, this is truly perfect.Oh, you had a good harvest in the fields of corn this year... LOL!This is great!!This is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is so free! i love it. =]]I love the colors!great shot! wonderful composition and nice colors!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Forth Bridges, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)aw, silly swan. He new you would do him justice on film!Excellent composition and beautiful colours.Brilliant view and colors!!Excellent Anguspreciosa  contraluz , me gustaNice colors, great contrajour!

[ via FotoItz's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Yeah right, as if the swan spoiled the photo for you :pYes that's exactly what it did, try doing a long exposure with a big fat swan in the middle of it !

Made me laugh but turned out a nice shot though.

Never work with animals and children as they say...oh man...this made me laugh!Personally I like that swan in there.  :)
Lovely light and colours, Angus.  Nice work.how hysterical! lucky you didn't drop your camera in the frenzy!


Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3Fantastic silhouettes and reflection. Love the colours!beautiful!fantastic composition, lighting and processinga beautiful composition

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great photo - funny write-up, the lengths people go for a good photo! :-)Superbe photo, belle composition !!!Now that would have been funny to see!

Great shot out of it. The swan makes it for methe swan males the pic !!!!! 

 ( a bit of pretty good colour too..... !!!!!!) 
 A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.Nice shot well done,Beautiful colors and composition!!I love it all the same !!!!!!Beauiful rich tones and I kind of like the swan.Beautiful tones...I like the swan too!very nice shot§! beautiful reflectionsamazing reflection

[ via Daniele Guerriero's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]Too funny!  

Poor swans get no respect.  :-)Wonderful lights, siluettes and composition!Beautiful shotAll that mayhem you describe with dog,swan &amp; stone throwing.Yet this is such a serene image.very nice shot..nice composition....Marvelous picture, great reflections and the sunsets colors admirable.It worked out for the best…

That swan is a nice elementBeautiful shot! Maybe that swan had an artistic feeling that's why he didn't leave :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lol @ Small rocks...brilliant shot!Awesome shot, so beautiful !![http://www.flickr.com/people/andyholmfirth/] I'd just hit it with a big one so it wasn't moving so much...I think the swan is a nice addition to an already great scenelovely, those colours are superbgreat....:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely shot and the story made me smile!very nice shot, i like the swan being there in the picture!beautiful color range... love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Photographer Award! (Invite Only ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!omg, you are SO funny!  Sorry i missed this when it first came out.  Hope you didn't give the swan brain damage.  I think it adds a nice touch to this one.  Love your wildlife :)Beautiful.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bridge Sunsets &amp; Sunrises, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Stunning shot, well doneLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Very beautiful photo!Awesome!!!It's so beautiful...Great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Best Images Ever (ADMIN Invite Only | Award 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great shot:O amazing shot. breathtaking...This is a beauty again Angus!!!

JanwillemLovely work, well captured.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)stunningI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Dog biscuits and a catapault .. fire the dog biscuits to some point out of shot. If all else fails, catapault + pebbles etc etcAt least it did the decent thing and posed in the perfect spot for your composition! Great shot!Great shot . Perfect comopositionAmazing shot, love the composition and colours!Superb!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Incredible shoot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Beautiful composition with stunning tones and lovely reflections!great light and pciture manLOL the swan definitely adds to the shot :)
love itAmazing lightning, wonderful shot!I like the silhouette and the great colors.great colours and nice silhouettes, think the #¤¤(¤&amp;%swan fits in the picture:)
great shot:))Glorious sunset you've managed to shoot my friend!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This shot is marvelous! I love the colors and the silhouettes. Also the contrast of nature and the man-made world. Awesome.

Seen on FluidrJBeautiful colorsbeautiful colors and silhouettes!!The trials and tribulations of a dedicated photographer... But what a result!The swam make a huge different. If it wasn't there, the picture won't be the same.Oh, I wish someone had got all that on video...the scene looks deceptively tranquil! Great color and silhouettes ( swan included ) :~)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)What a fantastic atmophere!!!Fantastic story... love it!Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Love that glossy reflection, like glass,how did you achieve that? Wonderful image.Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Angus, I love these sunsets/sunrises On Black.  They really show up nicely.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ricami su sfondo cielo, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Seen in:



Flickr Bronze AwardSeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Bronze Award ~ Post 1, Award 5. Award Sweeper Running &quot; (?)Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Beauty of a shot!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)You just keep reaching for the sky Lynn...love the colours and feel of movement to this...A+++++wow . super neat !!This is awesome Lynn. I noticed some of these in your slide show last night and meant to ask you about it. Thanks for reading my mind :-)Fantastic, Lynn.  These are very well done.  Colours are vivid and focus is excellent.  These are on my list of things to try at some time in the future, maybe.Lynn:  What a great shot and your slideshow on water drops was awesome.This is really cool so colourfull  an you did a great jobAmazing!!! I love how the colors are blending together, very awesome shot LynnThis is just plain cool Lynn. I really love how it turned out.Glad I could help ;)No I dont have the patience to try this, I shall just sit back and admire everyone else's effort.   It was good of photoboothguy to show everyone how to do it. Super work.Love the direction your going in, great movement and colour.*wow*  The splashes I'm seeing through ClanFlickr recently and this one *particularly* leads me to to think this will have to go on my project list.

Thank you for the grandness.

--
Seen in the group&quot;ClanFlickr&quot; (?)WOW!
Never seen anything like this before!
Will check out the tutorial now. Thanks for sharing (both, your pictures and the tutorial! :) )Awesomereally Ace Shot



Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickryes indeed, pretty cool.Precious! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.That a great work ! Nice colors - like it !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I've never tried this, but I'm very curious....gotta be fun play with...

Great colours and dancing shapes.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )So cool

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful macro with great details.Stunning work Lynn .. One of the best!Wow, this is so original, well done.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)They are pretty cool!Algo digno de verse


.Too cool!
Way to cool!Wow!!!!Beautiful shapes and colours, with excellent focus and lighting.  I've seen these before but haven't bothered to try them yet... not looking forward to the clean-ups!!wonderful shot! very nice yellow tone!beautiful portrait. Love the tones, composition, well, everything really! Great work.Stunning!Delicata, luce e colori perfetti! Splendido primo piano :-))Beautiful portrait! I am looking forward to see the rest of the shoot!OMG! OMG! OMG!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Starting A Wedding Photography Business&quot; (?)amazing portrait, wonderful smooth tones..!Excellent choice of lighting.  The outfit, pose, lighting, mood all coalesce to make an excellent and memorable image.Wonderful portrait!beautiful.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)She's BAAAAAACK!  I knew it was you before I saw your name under the thumbnail.  Now that is a good, good thing.  And the lighting is exceptional, as it always is.Amazing portrait, beautiful !!very gorgeous portrait.  Great warmth of tone and expression and the mood are so brilliant.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So beautiful Shari, congrats!Squee.

(Although no exclamation point, not diminished reaction.)

Also, even though I don't know who my future wife is, I'm motioning for a veil like this.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful portrait Shari...  :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wunderful photoGood portraitwow. absolutely amazing. great photography!!Stunning image.This is brilliant! Wonderful colour and mood.Congratulations Peter, ehem Dj! Nice mood :)Great image, awesome dof !!
All the best on your first photography job.nice composition.How awesome is that, good luck!paid gig...nice !! good luck !!

btw excellent image, well composed !Congratulations and good luck!!  You will do a great job.I know I normally watch your stream in silent awe, but I just had to break through this once - how exciting!  Good luck with it, you'll be great!This is just bonkers. The clarity is amazing.

good luck with your gig.Fantastic capture! Good luck on your gig!Nice shot Andrew, congrats on the paid gig!brilliant photo. amazing tones. good luck on the jobFantastic intriguing shot! Good luck with the gig - what's the project?Action movie !!! No doubt on itJust amazing Andrew no luck need we know how talented you aregreat picture, I´m sure you will da a good job!good luck and have fun!good luck for your new job, nice capture!SPECIAL AWARD from


a cinematic worldwohoo congrats to you for that. you'll do great things i'm sure!Hey man.... good luck!Wow... impressive shot!

Great work!! :DGood luck! 
This is stunning!! :)Nice one, great tones
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love the feel of this picMaybe I wasn't late yet.
Have a good luck! :)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)good luck! btw awesome street imageAwesome! love the DoF here.Fantástica. El DoF es envidiable.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Love it!  My kind of stuff :)  Great shot.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Brilliant !This is a gorgeous image my friend, WOW!!!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Excellent!!fanastic dof! great comp and bokeh!Great atmosphere you captured here! Congrats and good luck for the job! Seen in explore...Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3850942...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22800niceThanks to FP - I didn't miss this great shot!nice one, awesome shot!selective coloring would do great here...outstanding processing!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Great job, and congrats, best of luck!!!!Excellent!!Looks like some movie shot.well deerved FP, DJ! what a fantastic shot.Great capture. nice dof!These are stunning.beautiful!so beautiful! 
greatthis is so pretty! i love how connected she is w. the camera and your editing is divine!she's so pretty... and i love her freckles :)I'll bet she is a delight to photograph. My niece is so photogenic, it doesn't seem fair. Every image turns out great. I suspect this girl is the same way. The images of her are outstanding. I'm sure you enjoyed processing them,too. Beautiful work...
This is ART! 

Please add in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)
. . . and Tag the photo with ArtofImages
Reach 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves to enter
The Best Portraits  or The Best Captures

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***Breath taking portrait!!! Just so lovely on so many levels..she's so beautiful!!Gorgeous image! The vintage is so nice!Seriously,this is simply amazing! Great composition,sharpness and great process.stunning portrait.She is so pretty!!! This portrait is perfect! Love the flower in her hair!stunning!!  her  eyes just pop and have great light in them.She is absolutely gorgeous! What an adorable model! The light and tones rock!I love these...really beautiful!Truly beautiful!She is just stunning ... I feel like you can look into her soul with those gorgeous, dramatic eyes! And all the pretty details with the flower, quilt, tones ... just perfect!i can see why you loved editing these! she is beautiful but so is your work :)Thank you all for your comments, appreciated as always : )She is so beautiful!!!Very pretty!Gorgeous eyes =]Wow gorgeous capture!  She's quite the little model!Wonderful shot!stunning eyesCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4156387...Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Beautiful girl. Congrats on FP too :)such a wonderful portrait ...just beautiful!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)stunning! her eyes look amazing, and the colors... just perfectWonderful portrait!So lovely! Beautiful girl and beautiful shot!the eyes are gorgeous!Her eyes are quite beautiful, and I love the rose.pretty shot !!she looks like an angel~   so beautiful~!Beautiful portrait, such great focus!Marvelous portrait, simply beautiful!Lovely eyes! Great dodge work.super portraitun immagine stupenda

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Andrea Meacci ]Tremendous Work!

Seen this excellent photo in  Ysplixbeautiful shot. god bless her.These pastel tones are gorgeous. Great work.im ten auntie abiso beautifulI always love your work. It's very soulfull!Wonderful portrait!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Gorgeous soft light.Absolutely fantastic.  Congratulations.Lovely shot!So very pretty.great shot!!!

Seen on FluidrGreat photo!  Thank you for sharing!She's a natural born model.Awesome shot my friend, wonderful hues and the light is just perfect!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great colors!سيسيso perfect.:-Pgreat tones n imagebeautifulGreat captureBeautiful photo!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Lovely blue eyes !


Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Abi.cuteThis is so so gorgeous. 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!Absolutely fantastic shot Clodders!Greeting from Bangkok.

I admired your beautiful captured/treatment.

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST...by  An Admin considered.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)ooh, beautiful.Awesomefantastic !So clever!Gorgeous light and tones  Glad the ball survived!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)That is fantastic!cool shotGreat idea!

[ via FotoItz's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Very cool xVery nice picture!Clodders this is fantastic!Wow!  So clever.magical!Great shot!magic indeed - another Clodders classic!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot;. (?)Lovely shot, nicely executed.Fab shot!Wow so amazing!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)beautiful shot.Lovely shot

  
You are invited to submit your great image to:  Crystal Ball PhotographyWonderful - this is fantastic. The deep colours are what makes it.Fantastic shotWow. Stunning shot.very coolThis is gorgeous. Glad the glass ball remained safe :0)amazingFabulous shot!I tried this once.  Looked pants.  Yours however is wonderful!oh wow so cool!Just wonderful, I love what you do with that ball... so creative and great results.Well done! Your bravery was rewarded with this top shot :)fantastic shot!Briliant!  Love it!  Although thought for a moment that it was your hand and that it was rather hairy!Gorgeous shot!thats ruddy awesome, loving the colours, and the bravery!That is amazing! Love itwow, lovely colours and fantastic ideaFantastic composition, focus and idea!! Congrats!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Wow! I cannot understand how you did this, but it is great!Very cool, love it :)Wonderful!brilliantI love this - it's great.  and so inventive.stunningOooh, this is cool!Simply beautiful :)
loved it :)!TRUE MY FRIEND !! This is absalute MAGIC ! !!
Great Focus and tones !
Very brilliant of you to present the frame inverted !!
Excellent Results ! ! !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!excellent shotSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comamazing...how do you create it?beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]masterful shot
 Seen in:

The Old PortFascinating shot. Very well thought out. Congrats.
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )**Magnificent**.



--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful!!magic drop?......... magic photo!!!!! best compliment!cool 

Seen on Fluidrlovely takeHycreative !i love this !Very nice shot, acrylic looks sooo clear. Well done ;)

Seen on FluidrNeat theme!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]WoW! &lt;3Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2069738...Nice nice shot!! It was on Front Page. Congrats!!!Amazing picture, truly a work of photographic work.

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Thats amazing !! &lt;33 

Love the Idea =)Impresionant!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5hermosa y que creatividad ö!!Amazing!!! Love the reflection and colours!!  Do you mind sharing how you do this and where can I buy one of those balls?? Thanks!!original idea:)great  !Divine, I love this!WOW...THIS STUFF IS SO CRAZY N COOL...NICE PIC!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comCool!


--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Amazing!  Great details!yeah!!!!!!!! great shot!!! go green!!!! ha ha lolcongrats on the front page explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love this picture. it's so creative.beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!fantastica!!!!!!!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  SCHITTA  Fotoclub, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Splish Splash fun.Now I feel stupid, since that is your title :(nice shot and i love the wellies ;Dawesome capture!  love the vantage point.  the reflection in wonderful.Delicious tones.Wow shoes!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fun!cute rain boots!nice! we could use a little rain...We have no rain! Only snow!
And you can't jump in snow puddles!
There do not exist.
=(

Love this picture, btw.they some snazzy gumboots!Nice one!great capture!Love the boots...  Great shot!
RichardSplash!

--
Seen in your Nikon D700 set. (?)Such a great tones in this. Cute boots and composition.nice splash~ FUNSplish Splash i was taking a bath!  Nice boots and capture.I love rain shots.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )gorgeous pic!fun!this is superb. I've been wanting to take pictures with rain boots..and this is one is inspiring!I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)The reflection is wonderful!lovely photo. nice shotGorgeous viewpoint and amazing boots!
_____________________
reply with darckr?incredible work my friend, great capture!!love how you capured the splash, very nice tones too! :)great idea and great composition!!!Wonderful shot !!fantastic!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)hey ho, here's my version :D
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/danielavladimirova/4256461043/]coool legs :Pok so i love any rain boot photo, so obviously i do love this one, but also the little amount of reflection in the water is really cool!Awesome shot.Great shot! I like your boots!these are aweome!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3745106...the boots are awesome 

and i love the splash 2Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.how do you take this without getting your camer wet?great shot! the little waterdrops are a great detail!Fools the eyegreat shot!!this is fab :)Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5the colors *w*!!Congratulations!  On front page!  Great shotnicethis is fantastic!nicewow!!!
seen in explore!lovely!wonderful motion! love the boots too ;)Adorable!love the wellies!awesome

--
Seen on the explore page. (?):) !!!cool.... shot..this is really awesome.amazing! I love this photo! :)adorable!Qué monería de foto, un encanto!!!!!nice
:)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Couldn't decide which angle I preferred...
asdljagilefg! 
SO BRILLIANT!
the clear chess set and the similar background and the RED blood and i love this! Bloody hell that was fast! Thanks though! I may be busy for the rest of the week so had to get my homework in early... :DVery very clever!!! Thanks Tony! It's NOT my idea though! Definitely inspired by someone!!! :)*bowing* Thanks Ruby! I read that as 'bowling' to start with!found this at ishism group.
very imaginative!very cool! Thanks Kat! :)
 Thanks mysterious lady! :)Oh, see now... you killed it. No, not the king... he deserved to die apparently.
You killed the assignment.
This is perfect. And it might have been someone's idea previously... but you executed the scene to a T. Well done Sir. *blushing* Thank you!well done my friend. well done.
you really set the bar high Thank you! And thanks for making me get off my arse and do some stuff. Really appreciate it!Nice work. I think I prefer the angle that you went with over the alternate.masterful
This Is a Delightful Photo!
Delightful PhotosNice CompositionAwesome!! Perfect photo.Awesome! Looks like a severe head-brain trauma. 
_____________________
reply with darckr?Thanks all!
 Yeah I'm preferring that angle now too. Cheers.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent work...Excellent idea and better work, congrats my friend!una muy buena fotografia! te felicito--Amazing concept and execution :))) 
I really miss being around...Thank you so much everyone!
 Oh Sunny I miss you so much too! Hope you're doing ok?Great idea and I like your shot better!!i prefer the origional post's angle.
it shows more detail.
they're both amazing though.
very cool idea.I prefer the second one like the reflection and the compnice concep and amazing shotextraordinary capture and concept. 
think I prefer the second angle.Oh dear! What a check!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]fantastic idea, great shot!!

Seen on FluidrBeautiful and dramatical, I really love it!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--malinne ]Oh wow!
Thanks so much everyone for your comments and faves! Really unexpected... :DI have seen this before, but so nicely done, it's well worth Explored. 
It's awesome that you found the shot that was your inspiration as well.The one you chose is best because it gives a better sense of the king in relation to the other pieces on the board. Even if the concept wasn't yours, the picture is worthy of explore, well done!Talk about an eye-catcher! Gorgeous!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very nice. I like how you have taken what inspired you to the next level!Looks really cool! Nice job. 

Seen on FluidrHi, I'm an admin for a group called ABSOLUTE GOLDEN MASTERPIECE [Invited Only] Post 1: Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i prefer bothamazing idea.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!very impressiveVery good - the concept was very well executed. Kind of inspiring shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous captures - comenta 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardStunning!Great one!Thanks again everyone!!!
 You're sweet. And annoying...sweoying!fantastic, and hauntingholy crapdamn sonthis is SO perfect.goodness graciousdifferent yet absolutely awesome. I love the b&amp;w it's really legit.Oh my Godi definitely dig this.oh man.Wonderful shot my friend!repaint your nails.This is really beautiful.
I love the contrast and the black and white.

And your makeup is lovely.this is awesome, great editing.
i really like the title too.Absolutely beautiful.I have been working on getting them chipped for over a month now Ryan. 
No.

And thank you all so much.gorgeous.Lovely.good golly. 
this is flawless.this is stunningAhh this is great.i legitimately have no words to explain how brilliant this is.Absolutely amazing.wowAhh, this is gorgeous. I've seen it around tumblr and it's just so perfect! The black and white is breathtaking.HOLY *&amp;)&amp;(*&amp;*(!
Your amazing.

But then again, you know that.
Everyone and their mom worships you on Flickr.i looove the identical makeup. is that your sister?Beautiful B&amp;W
Didnt know that was editedHa...uhhh its me.I didn't know you were a lesbian?!!!?? I guess it makes sense.ha i get it now. sorry. but you sister really looks just like you.Mike youre actually hilarious I promise.this is incredible. really powerful.wow.The contrast and nail polish detail is perfect Kalie.wow i cant even
this is incredible
the amount of emotion you put in your photos astounds me
i wish my words could do you justicethis is amazing

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is amazingwow amazingpretty hypnotic! really....beautiful lips.Fantastic.
I have no words.

This is just purely amazing.I love that it looks like right-you is touching/holding left-you's face.
But I'm sure that was your intention anyway
I'm rambling, this is absolutely lovely.this is excellent!!!wow i really love this, very creative!!I just love the contrast...the use of the different grays and how well they match.. obviusly the crop and the atmosphere is very beautiful...love it :)Your eyebrows... really make this photograph for me. 
Sounds weird, but it's true.perfection.Truthfully, this photo confuses me.

But it's a good confused! This is incredible!Holy wow, this is amazing!oh wow
insanityWow this is so amazing. Your editing is so good, really, and I love the close, intimate feel of this. Perfect title too :)What's the part that you can't stand?this is just insane. it's deepoh my god, brilliantWoW - incredibly done - kudos!sweet, really well done shot and love the contrastThis is crazy amazing.
Whoever made that comment about everyone and their mothers worshipping your photography hit it head on.

I bet Chuck Norris even worships your skills. ;)incredibly GOOD. I don't know how to put it into words. I just.. love it.Stunning work... congrats
;-)great shot!Reminds me of that song &quot;I touch myself&quot; :)

Nice post work for sure..This is probably the most amazing photo I've ever seen.  Wow.  I'm speechless.so intimate- so much feeling i cant even describe. this is why WE love your work kalie!I think this can be taken in so many ways... of course there is the instant reaction of bisexuality or lesbianism, but it also portrays a strong sense of self which is really accessible. I just love it. Good job. Such a strong portrait!

&lt;3so flipping gorgeousbeautiful! i learn something new every time you post a new image. thank you!this is so so goodI love the intensity of this, it's just...wowww.

and I love that songgg!

[and I think you should check yo flickrmail some time soon, it's important I swear XD]good lord, SO gooood.this is so inspirational...so perfect. really, words cannot describe it. thats why it's a picture...it pretty much explains itself...wow, so expressive!!i love how everyone says their own sutff
about you being lesbian and shit hahahahaha

dont listen to them
this is amazing and so artistic :Dfantastic light and composition; I'm loving it.Great shot, dear.holy shit.
i thought these were the olsen twins at first.

this is fucking beautiful.flawless executionamazing!i saw this floating around on tumblr &amp; i held my breathe
it looks amazing .

:)very surreal, terrific worki like this, but lol at the people who didn't realize it was you and you.this is gorgeous. !you amaze me...wow.  you are amazing...what a fantastic idea and shot :)one of your bestLove love love love love!Kalie, thank you for sharing the beautiful song with your image. I always look forward to your posts, especially when you have accompanying music!great.wow. just wow. i spent so long looking at this, it's beautiful.awesome. man all these comments on your photos must really give you a major shot of confidence every time u log on :Pgreat idea!this is so perfect.Very special and beautiful again!very warm black and white! love it!wonderful

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)very neat. gorgeousstriking workHi, I'm an admin for a group called Free Electrons, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Superbe cliché, le contraste, le sujet, bref de toute beauté !!!wow gorgeous!wow

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)niceoh, lord.Very beautiful

[via Flickroom]Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)This is a real wonderful great work! What do I always tell you? You're a real artist!!! 

And this comment of this guy &quot;Ryan Jay?&quot;- Just forget it, some people 
are just... ! Again, forget it!!!wowOh my god.really well done! I love the feel of the photo.. truly inspiring.so strong!!! loving the absolute closeup!!This is great. Fantastic even. It really feels like two people, since they have so different expressions. (one thing that would have made it perfect, the hand is the wrong way.. if it was supposed to be the right persons hand it would have been the other way.. But that doesn't even matter. It's great still)So attractive!Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.wow...incredibly interesting.  your talent amazes me.oral fixation?Amazing work...I have no idea what you cannot stand about this image. It's stunning... And I'm jealous of either one of the two of you... :)+++++Wow, amazing, amazing, amazing.Nice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.oh yeahh..Truly amazing and beatiful....

I am an admin for a group called Clone Interaction and we would love to have this added to the group.sweet. really nicely donebeautifultry using your left hand to touch the right side of your face, that way the fingers would be correct, I'm guessing that's what is bothering you about the pic, otherwise, wow, great shot.
And thank god its not your sister, that would be too much...Gorgeous!!!holy shit brilliant worki think haunting is the right word.
in a good way.This is almost impossibly sexy :D :Dlooks fantastic large. great work!great pictureuhm. wow. i don't even know what to say.wowwow, very well done!Wo que foto...ridiculously beautiful.i cannot get over how amazing this photo is. i think it's the facial expression of the you on the right and the hand on the left that just really really make this photo. you're really communicating something to us.so powerfull! amazing as alwaysSorry, so awesome I have to comment again.  This gives me goose bumpsthis is so incredible, with all the emotion.
absolutely perfect in black and white.
you're so creative.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ***Guardami negli  occhi**- P1/C5 - SWEEPER RUNNING - VOTE NOW!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is fantastic!Truly a piece of art!wow, nice !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I love this :)wow, even though this makes me speechless, i still think it's worth writing a whole comment to say just that &lt;3love this! :D  and love the music!!!  congrats!The way the hand on your face is positioned, you know it cannot be from the &quot;other you&quot;, although it's not immediately obvious until you think about it, but it gives the kind of peculiar jarring that matches the image, so I like it! Obviously, as all have said, it's a great shot!She looks at herself instead of looking at you, and so doesn't know you.One word comes to my mind to describe this -- Art. Maybe two words -- Fine Art.brilliant!
Great Shot Seen In:

Dragon Gold Award I'm guessing the part you dont like is the fingernails. Great photo. :o)this is so bold!! :)Good shot!!!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2507749...explore front page!
i loved this when i saw it yesterday, and i still love it seeing it today :)
congratulations!Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.FP... awesome Kalie... the B&amp;W is so perfect...so beautiful....Speechless...nice work! Nice track too.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Most Beautiful of the Kingdom!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot. Congrats on Explore FP!Gorgeous.&quot;Narcissisma, Narcissisma
Narcissisma is the pride of Pomona
Pomona, Pomona says she looks like me
But she will look like you
When I’m set free—&quot;        Don Maclean

Disturbingly intimate and tender - I almost feel like I shouldn't be looking.

I would like to see you drop the brightness on the right face to match the left better.  Well done, very potent image.Impactante, muy buena!!so coolit was better if you should use the left hand. Here its specular...this is so amazing. you're so talented!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!I would like to kiss too :/This is beautiful. I am confused about you. You are in college? Studying what? I tryed to get ahold of you on tumblr.. didn't work.woo beautiful picture, your work is amazing! i love what you do!i think i deid from how beautiful this was/is!Woooooooooooooow
Sure FAV  ~
&lt;&lt;3great details!
 !!&#9733; High Quality Image &#9733;
 
Qualified Member's Onlynice pic and very good shoot!!!
O
°
o
Ö
ö
o  °
-------i-------plitsch!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called water destiny, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome!Great shot Lol.... How lucky are you to get a form with a heart in the reflection at this time of year!! Very cool form and reflection and the lighting is awesome!!! Excellent job.the reflection makes this work for me :) VISTO SU:
SEEN ON:



&quot; VISTO DAI MIEI OCCHI &quot;

www.flickr.com/groups/seenbymyeyes/Aww wow! Awesome stuff VA!Lovely!! A shot you likely would have deleted, turns out great, in this context. Nice. :)Wow! Great shot! :p)stunning reflectionThe reflection is fantastic.  Awesome catch.wow ,!! :D nice colors and reflection :)Awesome shot, great lighting!
I really, really like it!No words on this one.....WOW!!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )awesome clear and fantastic colors!!!awwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!very cool!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3856986...Your capture is brilliant! Not surprising that it made to Front Page!

Here is the FP screenshot clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22778.
And, all your other FP photos can be grabbed here.Wow, beautiful splash !like it :)this is not a drop,this is an actorAlways impressive!it's really nice... my fave... congrats on front page...



If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Woow, beautiful shot!!Superfantastic shot! Stunning!super caapture!!!

Seen on FluidrWonderful macro with great details.Brilliant hearts, marvellous photo!!lovely!how do you take a picture like this!? its amazing!Wow I love this. Amazing!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Lovely!A fantastic and pleasing image... excellent shot 
My compliments!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is sooooo cool!Really cool!!!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/Way cool!  Seen on the first page of Explore - congrats!I heart this!Outstanding capture!! I seriously need to start playing with water, &amp; this is just another kick in the butt to get me started!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!
This awesome picture was seen in
The Knight and his Princess! 

If you got 3 awards please post your photo hereThank you for the wonderful comment to my image.

Your talent has impressed me and I would be happy if I entered and could put your work to my group:

Just passing our time Group - P1/A1 Wow, you did well to catch the heart-shaped reflection just in time for Valentine's day!  I expect to be seeing this on a greeting card at the supermarket... :-)amazing. simply amazingcool
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!
This awesome picture was seen in
The Knight and his Princess! 

If you got 3 awards please post your photo hereBeautiful work!perfect execution of an old classicsimply awesome!Fantastic...what a fantastic moody shot, your work humbles meyep, like the atmosphere too... gloomy and cold you say? welcome to my world :)Excellent capture! I can feel the atmosphere...The photo and the description beneath awakened something which I'm not even sure to have been completely asleep over the past few weeks. And for some illogical reason, made some cold, beautiful words echo inside my mind. They speak of darkness, but also about bliss.

by a black road
giving a brief smile
something's on the wayextraordinary atmosphere here. travelers, train, and wonderful light  all make for a great shot.Fantastic! Wow!!This is an amazing shot.  Wow.Love this perspective shot.Very nice moody shot.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice atmosphere.great moment~!great mood!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Classic!i love the perspective here!A brilliant image, my friend... Excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Just like the movies. Excellent!What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.What a beautiful shot.  Looks like it could be a scene from a film.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cinematic shot!!love this!masterful capture
This wonderful poetic gem was seen in:

ImagePoetry - ImagePoésie!very mysterious!mi piacciono le foto nelle stazionimuy buena....le quedan muy bien los colores al los vagonesvery nice captureI'm so glad your feeling better and ready to venture out with your camera again.  This is fantastic.Hi gorgeous . good to have you back. what a lot of views I'm way behind....creative and nice portrait. Well doneVery simple and cute selfie! Love the title:PIch wusste es: Du bist ein Engel ;-))
Ich drück dir die Daumen mit deinem Auge - ich kann ungefähr nachfühlen, wie es dir gehen muss. Bin selbst vor einigen Jahren an meinen Augen operiert worden...ahhhh endlich ist der Fave Button für ein tolles Bild da!!! YAY :-)
Riesen Hugs und DiBu Du Engelchen *gg*

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)It's a wonderful and creative shot of you Sunny.. Wishing you all the best with your eye challenges.. stay well my friend... ;-)What a great colour for a room! You should do some shooting with that colour walls too :)

Glad to see you're up and about and feeling better. Life does go on, so we need to make the most of it :)your right life goes on, well done you for being so brave.this is so adorable! instant fave!I´m so happy to see you again!!!!
Welcome back, sweetie!!YAY to see you posting again.

Love the idea here. Very creative.Take care of yourself.  It is great to see you posting again.  Please accept all of our virtual well wishes of recovery.Wie schön...

Du bist so stark... Andere würden verzweifeln an Deiner Stelle. Lass Dich virtuell umarmen!hello there :) We've missed youuuuu. :)

So, is your eye gonna be permanently defangled or is this just a temporary misdeamenor your eye has done to you? (which, of course, you're gonna have to punish it for sooner or later. WHAT EYE IN HIS RIGHT MIND WOULD GO ALL BLIND ON A PHOTOGRAPHER?! A stupid one I say.....)simply amazing... well done... good to see u ;)Wonderful image :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love it!!!get well soon Pirategirl! *arrrrrr*So glad you're keeping upbeat... You're always so...well... SUNNY! Missing you loads, and hoping for a speedy recovery...
ALSO this is such a great idea!!! Take care. :)Good to hear you are getting better. Take care.very cute selfie-- glad to hear you're doing all right. xoxoHello Sunny...given the circumstances it's nice of you to post something and give us an update on things. Very sad to hear about your situation, but you seem to be dealing with it pretty well. I'm sure it's a lot more difficult than you're letting on here, which is quite understandable. And understandable that you're putting on a happy face the best you can...albeit not very easily. Take care...and my thoughts will be with you.glad to see you back..is the one eye things permanent? Did you go to thailand?You have such an amazing attitude, Sunny. Keep well, amiga. Hugs from the Middle East.;o)) Fantastik...I still have to figure out how to unfold mine...I know its back there...somewhere...8)Glad to hear you're doing well =) &amp; Welcome back!
about this shot &amp; this color they're Gorgeous!!very happy that you're making a speedy recovery.  take care! :)What a fun shot, very creative of you! Take care and enjoy reconnecting with your camera :)Fantastic shot!i love this!Very creative idea!!!!this is one of my FAVES! totally awesome.wonderful shot, great tones and light

I am really glad that you're feeling better, Sunny! I always loved your ideas and I want you to keep it up, dear :)This is such a great idea sunny, you always come up with such imaginative ways to photograph yourself, this is very simple but its brilliant, i love it.
So glad to hear your feeling more positive, life does go on, when problems arise its only natural to get down in the dumps, we all do it, i certainly do, but its how we respond that reflects how we are, some people in your situation would be feeling sorry for themselfs for months and months, im so glad your not one of them, i know whatever happens your not going to let this beat you, your such an inspiration sunny, its real privelage to have you as a friend.der Heiligenschein passt ganz famos zu dir,
du solltest ihn abonnieren!cute!! love those pink wings!Hi Sunny!
Good to see you again, and hear that you are on the road again!!
I have missed your inspiring photographs.
Hug!Very nice image!  I'm sorry to read of your situation with your eye and hope things work to the best possible resolution.awwwwww.... total süß ;Dso wonderful X)Sunny this is such  superb SP my friend!!!
Hope you are doing well and continue to heal.
Hugs xoxoh wow, guys... thanks you so so so much for the time you took to write such lovely words... I'm overwhelmed! This definitely gives me power to go on and start photography again soon :-)
For everybody who asked: I did NOT go to Thailand... which means I will also miss my best friends wedding *sigh* 
I do also not know yet how long it will take to see again or if I will ever see again perfectly with my right eye. Tomorrow I have another check at the hospital... 
Love y'all! xoSunny!! Hello I love your wonderful angel wings...this is so darling and it's great to see you posting. You have a wonderful attitude Sunny and please keep though postitive thoughts alive and well. I hope there has been good news on your vision and recovery is going well. Hugs~~Good luck sunny &amp; i am positive that you will see again soon, just stay strong ^_*
I just can't get over how pretty this shot is =)Good idea!
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )sehr süßes selbstportrait, sunny.

schön zu hören, dass es dir etwas besser geht.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ahhh ... there you are sweetheart!Very nice result from a creative idea! I hope you get better soon.This is so sweet!
Good luck for tomorrow xxx :]this is awesoome !hehe, cute!So glad to see you're on the mend Sunny!beautiful portrait! :]That is awesome! Love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love wings, great :)Hehe, jetzt muss ich hier ja auch nochmal schreiben, dass ich das Bild total klasse finde!! 
Und ein Sternchen gibt's auch noch dazu :-)Great idea Sunny and great to hear you are doing better. Take it a day at a time, I hope you will feel well soon !Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comWow. Fabulous shot
Absolutely The Perfect Photographer
You Deserve Another Perfect Photographer Award!!! 

The Perfect Photographer(Invited Only) Awards 2 Fave 2 Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=9171076...Very creative idea. Awesome shot! :)Lovely angel! Nice!!Another one on FP!! Congratulations!!! As usual, the screenshot is available at ClipYourPhotos: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22775 

All your FP are here.great to see you posting! this picture is beautiful! like all your stuff!

Dont let anything stop you from doing what you love! cant wait to see some new pics! best of luck hun &lt;3I loev this!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe The Youth, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe No limits-Sin limite, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Love this ,very creative !
Congrats on explore !ooooooh cute and lovely, Sunny!very nice.... lovely picture...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Amazingly creative, congrats on front page!!Congrats for Explored! Your picture is really nice :)!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Brilliant!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe I, Me, Mine, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.nicehow sweet : ) you are always sweet ! &lt;3and yes, you are angel ..... : )))))


xoxoxox !!!!:) superb idea, so pure and lovely
congrats for the views and hope u'r doing well now sunny babeCool idea!!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/WOW....DAMN PRETTY!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comSo awesome!Happy that you are back!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe InTeNCidAD, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest. angelThis is such a sweet shot! Love the idea! Life can change dramatically - I hope you cope and hope taking up photographing again will be a good thing.beautiful my friend, glad to hear you're feeling better :)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! 'Creative' Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Sunny.Glad to see you're up and about and feeling better, sweetie
a great HUG!!!
NicoOh my! I knew it all along, you are an angel in disguise ;-PGlad you are feeling better.awww, glad you're better. miss you.ooooh la la!  Marvelous rays, Evan!  I shot some rays tonight also, but they were not so colorful as this...  it is so fun to see them isn't it?  

yes there are trout in that lake, too!  and geese and loons and all sorts of things.. :))))

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Waooo, awesome shot :)wow very nice capture :) love the colours / rays. it looks like it has something to do with divine interventionAmazing capturestunning light evan, love moments like this!!!Great colos and lightLove those rays. Just glorious.Nice capture of light!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)incredibly dramatic!Una paisaje de ensueño! Esa luz es inolivdable.Wow, that's quite a cloudburst! Great warm colour and with the geese flying - what a sight!Fantastic.glorious!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Splendid Pictures/Admin Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Old Port - Admin Invite Only - Boats / Sea / Lakes / Rivers/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!An incredible capture!!! ...the pocket that opened in the clouds to let that gorgeous light through and the birds at the perfect time!!!Simply SuperbCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4186472...WoooooooooooooooooowGorgeous!Beautiful capture

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I am Canadian!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

You are invited to join

Please post 1 pictures and comment on 1, and tag your posted photos with&quot;I am Canadian!&quot;Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.oh yesamazing shot!Wonderful!Preciosa, sin palabras......this is simply amazing!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Now that is a striking image.More than beautiful the pictureEs maravilloso el modo en que pudiste captar la luz y el ambiente, me encanta este trabajo y lo agrego a mis favoritos, felicitaciones!WOW...SO BEAUTIFUL ;D
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comGreat image well captured .Like the light.Beautiful. And I love the title!Truly amazingLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.amazing ! great workBreathtaking majestic sky.Glorious!Utterly Fabulous !! It won't be long now ! :) Hello , Vancouver ! :)gorgeous light..wow .!! 
Really great shot :)
Totally amazing .! Loved it :)Amazing, hope everyone gets a wonderful and beautiful welcome like this.  Great work.great shot!
congrats on Explore!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comGreat shot. I like itbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Awesome. The sunrays are fantastic!
_____________________
reply with darckr?How lucky was me
to see that beauty on my flikr homepage
YOu are soo good
thanks for sharingBeautiful shot, well captured.Wow great light !Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)I saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !Magnificent.lovelyLet there be light! Awesome!Wow, amazing sky...excellentGrand skies!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]ALL OVER the front page :)totally magical =D!!Wow!! what an amazing photo! this is really brilliant!que pasada!awesome shot - nicely done!the light coming through the clouds - such a perfect moment! you've done a wonderful job of capturing it! a beautiful sceneQuesta fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5I like the composition in this wonderful shot.gorgeous!Thats amazing!Just Magical !!Awesome sunset you present for us, fantastic hues and colors!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)linda fotografia ....Beautiful sky; very dramatic.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice shot !what a magical, spectacular capture
seen in explore

This Photo is..............

Seen in flickr EXPLORE AWARDS --CONGRATS! Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!This is incredible!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!aaaah!!Wonderful image!Great eye.. this is an incredible capture...

Really grand work.love this shot!!
well done!Spectacular composition!
Great work!hello i had the same problem, but still managed to take some photos
We seem to be doing the same type of photos, care to do some shooting together? email me if you like
MauriceVery cool shot!Lovely shot.Brilliant, a fave

 ₪ Spectacular ₪
Post-processing 

Seen in the group: 
 ₪ HDR &amp; PS PP ₪
(Post 1 - Award 2) Very interesting picture!a wonderful hdr!Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )excellent shot. very good POV.
congrats photo on exploreNice shot.

As for the security guard, count yourself lucky you weren't in London:

a big intimidating chunk of the Scotland Yard police force would have been diverted to stop and search you and probably arrest you and take you for interrogation at the police station given your 'un-cooperation' . ;-)Big photography. SuperbAwesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22793. 

Your all FP are listed here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1535475...great hdr, way to rock that Sigma 10-20mm lens.Nice shot !Thanks guys for the screen grab!amazing HDR...great detail and colors are superb.


Wonderful image! 
Seen @ HDRoom.Nice shot!  Very cool effect.  The security guard sounds like he was being helpful.  Lots of public places have limits on tripods but will allow monopods.  You're lucky you weren't in a place where they suspect you of being a terrorist just because you want to take a photo!You shouldn't be surprised this made Front Page - it's a nice interesting shot!nice shot.. i like the treatment - not too heavy - great work.Excellent shot.


 The Pritzker Architecture Prize on flickr
If you have 7 or more awards (including invitation) please post here:
www.flickr.com/groups/pritzkerprizefirstchoice/nice


Wonderful image!
Seen @ HDRoom.great ocean wave &amp; great seagull flying over it, stunning shot.see, that's where i'm very different on this project than 365....for 365, i was a nazi about it!  had to be ON the day....blah, blah....but, for this project, i'm more easy-going...have to be or i'll go crazy.....as long as i'm within a couple of weeks, i'm fine with that...i start thinking about the next week shot after posting the current week and if i start trying some shots, i may end up with a good one right off and then i'll still use it even though it's a couple of days early..... :)

anyhoo...a terrific shot for the theme!  that ocean is so active and full of motion....great timing on this one, love the bird too :fabulous!  Especially in BW!Great composition to get the gull in just the right spot. Nice detail on the waves, looks very stormy.   I know what you mean about sticking to dates or not... I am trying desperately to stick to the weeks... but I know I'll not be able to at some point.   What with life getting in the way and all that.I love the seagull! And the giant, stormy waves. It's been a long time since I've seen waves like that.wow, powerful sea, white horses and a half!

the seagull is beautifully positioned within the framelooks like one of those motivational posters ;-)Totally gorgeous work!Great dramatic waves.i am with marcie on this one, the 365 is the &quot;on the day&quot; project, everything after that is just a little less strict.  Great and fitting image for the theme 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow I can almost feel the cold 
Fantastic Shotthis is really, really amazing.  it's not cheating.  it's fate... karma... zen... it was just meant to be...a beauty Trubbs :)
 luv this !It's great for the theme! 
*whispers* 'cheater cheater pumpkin eater' ;P hehe j/k I'd have done the same thingHey, Mrs. tubble... are you becomed a bird hunter?
Nice work, nicely postprocessed in almost-monochrome...excellent shot!

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)wowowow!!!!
That's great!!!!!Amazing!  Such turbulent seas.Just...WOW...Trubbs ! Wonderful turbulent shot !Woweee! I liked this from the thumbnail, looks awesome large!Wonderful stormy sea &amp; the gull just makes perfection.Wow!!! AMAZING SHOT!!!Beautiful stormy shot.I don't know!!! tsk tsk LOL I to took a whole lot of water photo's at the weekend but got 1 of Caitlin tonight playing with the hose for me that is lovely, I think even JJ will be proud of me (it's got a reflection thing going on too hehe).  OK even if you are cheating it's a fantastic shot, awesome stormy waves and the bird in just the right placeCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2134417...Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Brilliant! So much power in this picture.sugoi!!!So beautiful!Lovely ♥ EXPLOREDWonderful,thanks for sharing.wonderful picture - seen on front page exploreexcellent shot !!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Did you have to pay that bird?  Really an amazing image and perfect timing - congratulationsThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Stunning shot.. and beautifully caught seagull!fantastic pictureMagic shot :)Not my kind of sea, but, still, awesome! A bit terrifying, but very well captured... Impressive shot, Kari!Very beautiful shot...dude!  you made explore front page!  you rock!Wow.Front page. Congrats it's a great turbulent shot of the waves.What a great capture, love it! : )lots of depth in this shot with the waves. love the tones too!This picture is very peaceful. The sound of the waves lulls me to unknown places. The smell of the air and the feel of the damp water droplets on my skin take me to a place within my own soul.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very nice shot, love the image.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great and amazing shot!

:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called BORN TO BE WILD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!WHAT A WONDERFUL PIC!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comGorgeous shot... Thanks for posting it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful shot!!Lovely shot. Congrats on being in Explore. :)Wonderful capture!  Such a stormy sea....powerful!Beautiful!!Just AWESOME...How could You not use this!!!! It is fantastic!! The waves are great and the gull is icing on the cake!!! Beautiful...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Amazing photo!This is incredible!  The waves and the gull, a once in a lifetime shot!  I'm glad you are sharing this with the group, sometimes it IS hard to  stick with the theme, the timing doesn't always work out! Beautiful image!so full of freedom and fresh air..love the oceangreat shot...Great shotWow!!!!!!bellissimo il mare tempesto...............una intensità di grigio che fa sognare !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!What a wild and wonderful sea.
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenIt's gorgeous!u can always find the most amazing stairs ....
i feel a bit envious !
LOLYeah...Klasse!das rockt mal wieder...*Treppe zum Licht! Klasse!Me gusta ......Composicion y tomasehr nice!Sehr schöne Treppe!
Auch der Treppenmeister Matze ist neidisch;-)klasse gemacht!
findsch toLL!Mir gefällt's! :)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Fabulous !!Stunning workvery cool shot. beautiful capture.  
Seen in:  I Saw The Light! wow, klasse Bau und Bild!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )schön wie das Licht da oben so reinstrahlt...!Beautiful!etwas schade,dass die Treppe rechts nicht noch draufging aber sehr stimmungsvoll und klasse licht+++Wow, very cool!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow and than again WOOOOOW.  this is a total success.  SPLENDID WORK my friend.

denisEste es un premio desde Escaleras-Stairs, por tu aportación al Grupo!!
escaleras-stairs
FOTO VISTA EN www.flickr.com/groups/escaleras-stairsgigantrös!Sauber!!!! Als ich das kleine Vorschaubild gesehen habe dacht ich zuerst an die Malzbude...;) 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )That one is just incredible!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)was fürn geiler schuss.wow, cool place and shot, true eyecatcherheh, die is ja schick antik! ach und wie ich in den tags lese &quot;fast&quot; in meiner nähe *damussichschimpfmitnnils* - hast mich ja nichtmal besucht ;(Klasse Bild, schade das die treppe rechts nicht ganz drauf ist. Aber ansonsten echt top

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very  extraordinary  Interior  Design  +  Image  !  ^  ~  ^Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe 2010.anything of good taste, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.bulby!

Your creation was seen in: 
Lines Curves and Shadows
Thank you for sharing!

Did your image received 3 or more awards
Post it here please!Congratulations! You have been awarded the
 
Daark Award
You are invited to post this photo at 
Daarklands Group 
Please Tag Image daarklandswooooow!!!! amazing capture.!!!!Oh... Treppen... =) Und ein höchst interessantes TreppenHAUS!!! Rund - mit wenig Fenstern - aber gerade dadurch sehr außergewöhnlich und schön.... Und auch wenn der obere Teil schräg nach hinten wegzukippen scheint und somit etwas bedrohlich wirkt, so hast das Bild ingesamt eine positive &quot;Ausstrahlung&quot;!! KLASSE!!Una composición muy bonita.

EnhorabuenaGreat work..Un encuadre espectacular. Enhorabuena por ese perfecto uso del fisheye

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Fantastic!!!Nice pic.Awesome view!

Seen on FluidrBeautiful stairs and colors!!superbThis is really breathtaking, nicely done :)great !!fantastic!göttingen?Very well done!Great shot. I love the distortion!fantastic !That's a beaut!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Photography News: Photo of the Day, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.great image, outstanding compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A most superb image.super gemacht, mal wieder ein MeisterwerkHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Digital Jewels, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe artland, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Stunning work!

Seen in:  I Saw The Light! great angle!

Seen on Fluidramazing stair sets you have in europeMh, ist das noch garnicht auf der Frontpage gelandet?
is ja immerhin explore #13....Superbe. Très belle photo avec grand-angle.Este es un premio desde Escaleras-Stairs, por tu aportación al Grupo!!
escaleras-stairs
FOTO VISTA EN www.flickr.com/groups/escaleras-stairsAbsolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardwow - ich habe sofort an göttingen gedacht! dieses bild erinnert mich an meiner zeit in deutschland! :)Very nice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellent captured
lovely bokeh

Ваш рад заслужује пажњу! 

 
 Српска Отворена Заједница
Пошаљи 1 - Награди 3mnogo mi se svidja!questa foto è bella in tutto:tonalità,posa,bokeh......Ваш рад заслужује пажњу!


 Српска Отворена Заједница
Пошаљи 1 - Награди 3Nice capture!!love love this very cinematic! great emotion and such warmth,oh yeah totally love the bokeh this whole image is perfection! &lt;3!!! Great shot !!!!Che bella atmosfera :)Nice captureSo Good and Creative!!  You are really having fun producing these!wow .!! That's amazing :)
loved it :)Es muy buena. Genial el bokeh entre la niebla.
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Maravillosa!!!!!!!!!cinematic, cool work!this is amazing! love itYour work deserves attention!


 Serbian Open Community
Post 1 - Award 3svaka cast! zasluzeno...

 seen in / виђено у групи:
 Serbian Photographers


 Српски фотографи / Serbian PhotographersWonderfulnice shot!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!really loving the color in this!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Sexy and the city, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love the focus! niceyes you are a rockchick.
yes you are pretty cool in front of that awesome graffiti!

yes your hair is wicked!

yes i like that striped blazer!

yeeeesssssss!Great colours.
Perfect with the hair! :)effortlessly cool!perfect setting to go with the hair (the hair which I am incredibly jealous of btw.....)agree with Tony and Charlie - very cool and superb focusYep, love that hair! (photo is cool too though)gorgeous colors, especially with that hair!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called blowupnewyork, and we'd love to have this added to the group!the moss on the ground is especially good, the hair, wow.this is soo incredible!
love the colours!
great location too =]Colors are beautiful! Your hair look so cool!agree with everyone - the new hair makes it work with the other colours,  nice pic, and nice new look  :)congrats on exploreI like this. feels like it could be from a fashion campaign.The graffiti and urban grit is a perfect backdrop for this shot! Looking away from the camera gives this a very candid feel, which is awesome for a self portrait.Thats a fantastic portrait,, like the rest of the comments say, I love the colours.. the background and yourself.. It all fits together so perfectly..
Brilliant !!Your work is always amazing.Great colour, love the hairGreat selfie. Graffitis suit you very well...Dude I LOVE this!! Awesome portrait :-) love the new hair colour too. Suits you. 

Can I put my name down for a copy of the book please?That's a great shot and the your new hair colour seems to fit in nicely with the urban surroundings.  

What you need is a pair of fingerless gloves.  I've got a pair for going out taking photos in the cold and they keeps your hands nice and toasty, maybe not the fingers though :o)really edgy - really coolthis is such an awesome portrait!haha cheers everyone, you make me laugh!

 you're now on THE LIST.  There is no escaping now!!!  muhahahaha!!!

I mean yes, of course you can.Very good capture! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.beautiful colorsWonderful shot !!really nice location and pose. The hair is just awesomeJaanSalmanNice and colorfulGasp! No, ohhh please no, not the list...not THE LIST....noooooooooooooo

I mean, yay! Saw a good place for a Post Box picture today, might try and get out at the weekend and take one with the puppy as my model :o)

Cheers Alky.A very colorful HIP photo.Really nice image. I like the strong colors

/SAmazing.!Who it is? I likebeautiful  expression and colorThe colors are really cool!!! Your hair is amazing by the way!!The colors in this just rock! Ya, your hair makes it... and i love your style!!cool shot,like yo style=]This is an absolutely awesome portrait. I love the colors. Great expression. Well done!Bad assi never liked these kinds of desks... perhaps it was a rebellion!
nice angle ...I brought my pencil...
The tv on the wall makes me wonder how recently this place was used.this is crazy, where in detroit is this?For some reason, the TV seems out of place- it looks like this place has been abandoned for much longer than it probably has been.I love the lighting coming in on the left. Nice capture!the chalkboard is amazingly clean!It's crazy that all those tv's were just left too. Great shot Derek!i love the light. is this from cass too?Being a lefty I hated these old desks. The TV adds a nice contrast.i'm w/ john. hated those right handed desks. ugh. sweet shot d.and btw, THIS teacher is gonna be mad if there's no snow day tomorrow.Gimme something to write on man !Hot for the teacher!!!
Nice shot DerekIs this Cass Tech, Derek?  What a waste.Great shot!Perfect title! Great shot, Derek!Amazing that the TV is still there... in one piece...

--
Seen in EXPOSURE.DETROIT (?)super man.
Classssss Dismisssed.....foreverGreat shot Derek, need to get back here to take some more shots.  Heck, I still need to post the ones I have...haha.Surreal.  I hope my old high school (Flint Central - closed last summer) never looks like this.Reminds me of my school days....great shot!You kids and your Van Heflin... Nice shot, Derek.I like that dusty locations like that!

Ciao,
AndyI had the exact same song in my head while walking through this place. That light you captured is outstanding, very cool shot!great shot.Derek, this is amazing.perfectly titled!!! well composed Derek!
--
Seen in the group&quot;EXPOSURE.DETROIT&quot; ( ?² )The old Cass did not have this many windows in this configuration.   And most Cass students did (and I presume still have) too much respect for education to do this.  I would hate to be one of those students with a paper still on the bulletin  board.  This is a great metaphor for the dissolution of a society.   It makes me so sad.Cool shot.  This classroom is amazingly intact compared to most abandoned places I've explored.fantastic location!
congratx!Great shot !   Someone cleaned the blackboard before they left !well capturedHi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow, this is so cool. Love the TV, looks so untouched!Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow!  I have to say your photostrea is brilliant.  What an amazing project you have been working on.  I have always found something tragically beautiful about the places abandoned in cities.  Thanks so much for sharing!Beautiful!Late for school!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Whoa, gorgeous and very pleasing image. Thanks for sharing!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called urban-explora, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Derek, I am new to this site.  In fact, the only reason I signed up was to talk to you after being redirected to your photos when I was doing my research on several abandoned buildings in Detroit.  If you have a FB or email I could reach you at, PLEASE let me know.  I am really looking forward to speaking with you about something... contact me on FB (name is Jennifer Bourgois) and my primary email is Jen_Bourgois@hotmail.com.  Thank you SO much.This a great capture.  It could be a movie setting for some post trib or something but it isn't staged, it is all too real.  Still it is nostalgic.I'd love to test the lead in that dust!

another great image!Great shot! And thanks for the help, I didnt do it.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1129654...OMG CONGRATS!!!!! About damn time lolCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22799

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)this shot is amaazing! the abundance of textures is greatGreat light, great textures, great everything about this :)   Congrats on Explore Front Page my friend!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Derek.tsssss hasta con avión y toda la cosa!Ay-ay-ay...de poca...!!!ah…jijos te volaste la barda…!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)woooooow! Superchida!buenisima!!!!Esta es la buena!!! Saludos.que chingonaMe encanta esta foto, hiciste algun montaje?? de ser asi aun me gusta pero si no, hasta ahora la mejor que he visto del D.F!! saludos1Gracias a todos por comentar. Que chido que les haya gustado.
Geo: En algunas fotos hasta la marca de la aerolínea.
Mar: Awiwi
Bel: Gracias! a poco no han estado chipocles los días?
Carioca: XD
ile: Ahí nomás una muestra de lo que es el D.F. cuando se destapa
Orgasmatron:  gracias de nuevo.
Sir: Gracias valedor
Mario: No, no hice ningún montaje, la ciudad ha estado bien nítida. Claro para sus 10 millones de habitantes.eso fue desde el norponiente del DF, exactamente donde?bolaaaas!!!!, qu chingonsisima!!Y con avioncito y toda la cosa :) genial Carlows!tu foto tiene que ser emblema de turismo para el DFse ve como de películaI love how those mountains look like their floating.像海市蜃楼What a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.That's a great view ! like the light =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )This is magnificent. It's like the mountain is floating.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Está chingona!!!La vi en Explore...excelente!muy muy muy chingona!!!!!!Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous vista! The mountains appear to be floating! Bravo!no puedo ser, esta sin duda es la mejor foto que he visto del DF, es increíble, gran trabajo!Fantastic!un tanto obscura pero buena tomaEXOLORE #15…Yeah…!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardfantastic shotvaya sitioGreat
Have a nice day 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 AwardHave a nice day 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 AwardMe encanta esta foto, pareces una muñeca de porcelana.you look like a doll, great tones- Me encantan los tonos pasteles que has usado... que combinan a la perfección con la luz suave de toda la fotografía y las sombras fuertes. Se salen los reflejos en el suelo. 

- Una escena, como nos tienes acostumbrados últimamente, impactante que destaca sobre todo por su rareza y la situación atípica que una vez más hace que te preguntes &quot;¿Qué ha pasado?&quot; xD &quot;Party is over&quot; Insinuas, pero dejas volar la imaginación de quien mira la fotografía. 

- A destacar... la expresión de tu cara, como bien dicen por ahí de muñeca de porcelana. Pareces un juguete más de la fiesta. Una expresión &quot;sin vida&quot; que consigues a la perfección. 
PD: Guapa
PPD: Esta foto debería de estar YA en explore. FO-TA-ZAuna gran composicion para una gran foto.felicidades.;)I love the tones and the reflection of the balloons in the wood floor! Beautiful!Has acabado un poco perjudicada despues de la fiesta. La foto se sale, tu cara, una pasada. El foco perfecto, gran nitidez. Me encanta.i saw this in explore, so stunning. xxNice .......!!

..


Wonderful shot !!Cool !Great shot! Pretty colors.Wow, fantastic work here! Excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Thanks everybody! I never thought one of my pictures could be in explore...Thanks! :)thats epic!!!indeed!  nice treatment!did you go out in the snow today...very HIP of you.2 trails for the price of one. The processing on this is fantastic!very cool... and moody!Total Fab.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pole Positions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Brava!
Brilliant texture, feel and excellent execution!
Congrats on a great image,
mikaku

&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

perfect..love the footprints!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)love the green Cherie....atypical of the traditional blue associated with cold....works incredibly well!
--
Seen in the group&quot;EXPOSURE.DETROIT&quot; ( ?² )I can't believe what you can do with this phone. Can you make calls on it, too? Hahaha. Very cool.Love this iphone processing cherie...is it built into the iphone, or a separate app ?great processing :)I do love that Hipstamatic appterrific tones.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely !Classic shot from my neck of the woods.What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Wonderful tones and texture!
Great work!awesomeNice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1473830...just wow!!!! congrats on FPCracker cherieHi, I'm an admin for a group called Downriver, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the colorscoolbombasticJust beautiful, nostalgic, and those haunting footprints! A good song to go with this one is &quot;These Days&quot; by Niko.Very Nice composition with a desatured colorHi, I'm no admin and I like to say this is a beautiful picture.Fab! Those &quot;light leaks&quot; don't get any better!Amazing shot !OMG !! Fentastic Photography !
Great exposure and tones here my friend !
Crisp focus. THE RAILS BEAUTIFULY LEAD THE EYES !!
Have A Nice Day mY Friend !!Thanks so much everyone!
 Actually, I hate talking on the iPhone. But I love everything else about it.
 It's an app that you purchase and it's called Hipstamatic.How the hell is this #11 in explore?Great Photo great app ( without photographer apps are no good to anyone ) you have great vision Cherie.great treatmentnice work!\ Well Ledio, er I mean Ken, it was actually on the front page. Maybe you should get an iPhone!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Cherie.epic!Awesome!
Decisions, decisions...Lovely composition and the texture is gorgeous.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called concept of flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice floral. I like the larger view with the wall texture and light variation.This is wonderful my friend.  If you have a version without the signature, I'd love to put it in the Gallery of Fine Photography.  BTW, thanks for your frequent visits and comments.  I hope you realize I appriciate your friendship and interest.Thanks, everyone.  Bach, I swapped shots to remove the signature, as I'd love to put it in your group!  Thanks!Aaaahhhhh! (That's me gasping.) This is lovely! I so want to try one of these.... but I have no flowers. Wow!!! Can I hang this on my wall, please?I like the main one best.. gives the arrangement room to 'breathe' (I use to hate when people used that phrase, but can't think of another way to say it! hehe)
Lovely lovely shot and post!A beautiful still life.................the light and textures are wonderful!!Very nice still life! Everything is so soft and fine! :-)Classically composed and captured still life. The background sweep, diffuse light, spacial compositions...all perfect! :)Just sooo lovely! I go for the first image too. It's much more pleasing to the eye.Lovely floral arrangement.Very beautiful picture! Great texture work! I like the first one best! :))Oooohhhhhhhhhhh. Sigh. Breathtaking!I like the first one.OMG, I LOVE this!  So simple and so beautiful.

BTW, I vote for the horizontal :-)So very beautiful!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Still Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fabulous!i love the wall&gt;&gt;soooooo niceawsome colorsSplendid! Nice processing with textures!
Congrats on explore! Well deserved indeed!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)beautiful!!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2412915...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GhostWorks   Comp#3 **VOTE NOW** Vote by Feb 10, 5am US EST, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous image.   Congrats on Front PageCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22759

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)superb still lifevery very beautiful job! Loke the composition!beautyreally beautiful.this is just beautiful - I love the simplicity of this shot and your processing.Lovely still life - love the muted colours.wow!
fav ;)so pretty.Preciosa. Un encuadre perfecto.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Such a perfectly fantastic still life. It's like a painting! Congrats on FP. :)Gorgeous still life.Wonderful shot !!Back to say: Congrats on such a well-deserved Explore and Front Page! Woohoo! :o)Beautiful! the bavkground is perfect!
Congrats on FP!awesomeWow, stunning image :)Definitely the first one...excellent composition...I found this in Explore...congrats!!Congrats on FP!!This is beautiful!  Great job!Thank you so much, everyone!love this so much!Beautiful still life ...congrats on explore !timeless beauty is the only way I know how to describe this one.... really pretty

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is just so lovely and calming. &lt;3stunningly beautiful!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--ginnerobot ]Beautiful still life.Wonderful !

Congrats on Explore !beautiful still life.Lovely still life with a nice arrangement.Love the bouquet and beautiful post-processing.beautiful......iThis is just so beautiful.  Well done.  I wish I had taken this.Lovelyso beautiful!

This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!Wow and wow!  Eye popping color, clarity and detail!  That's a mean looking beak.  Fantastic capture!WOW!! What a beautiful bird.Great close-up.  Love the detail on it.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Yes, the feet and the bill are quite a mismatch.  A very showy bird.This is an wonderful picture. Great details. Amazing the bright colors in that bird. Hope I will see one sometime. Thanks for sharing.You did a great job capturing his beauty.
He is stunning.This is a lovely, colorful little guy, and a great shot! Sure is more interesting than our belted variety.What a catch!  Beautiful bird, beautiful photo!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Great shot, David! He's a beauty for sure!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)
----------------
I think this bird image is really excellent. You are invited to post it to Excellence In Avian Photography. Please read the rules before posting your image.
invited with SICI (0.2 | 2008-06-17)Well, you know what they say - &quot;small feet, big bill!&quot;
(Groan out loud!!)

Seriously - he is a beauty!  You must be the most patient bird-watcher I know to get these wonderful images.  Thank you.Oh man you got an awesome shot here!!  It was way cross the creek up in a tree when we were there.  I am glad you got a close up of it!!  It does have little feet!!!Wow, spectacular bird David. The colors and feather detail are wonderful in the Large size. A Favorite.Stunning shot.
[ (Seen in the Excellence In Avian Photography Group)]I've seen a lot of kingfisher sp. on flickr, but this one might be a first.  He's gorgeous!  And sounds like he's a big one - must be exciting to see.

btw the Creeper has become almost reliable, and we had a Pileated in the yard over the weekend - always a treat.I ~never~ would guessed he was that big!  Beautiful bird and you captured such great detail!awesome shot!Excellenttht is a seriously vibrant looking bird, wonderful shot, awesome colors!Fantastic image, David!!!
Well done!!That is so cute. Beautiful image, David.Excellent catch, David! So, it's true, eh? Everything's big in Texas.the colour is outstanding..wow!!Amazing detail and beautiful color !  Again, a bird I've never seen.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lindo :DWOW! It's my dream to get a photo of this super fine bird! Great photo and an instant BIG favorite of course.

 (Seen in the Excellence In Avian Photography Group)What a beauty. Great shot David.I know that whenever I visit your photostream, something spectacular will be waiting for me to enjoy! Fantastic bird. Fantastic shot!That is one beautiful bird. Great shot.What an awesome capture!!!  Great find, David!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix ANIMAL Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!David the colors are fantastic.  What a beautiful bird.
I would never have guessed the bird was that large.  
Thanks for sharing another great capture.Worth the wait David, thanks for posting this beautiful bird.incredible capture.  congrats on explore.Superb detail and color, David!Beautiful capture Dave!What a beautiful photo. Colors, angle and detail. Congratulations.Wow, great catch! That's a really beautiful bird and you got some wonderful colour here!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called `Birds Birds Birds (Post 1 Comment 3) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!oh he is gorgeous! what a gr8 find and capture David!Awesome image. great work!Beautiful bird, excellent capture.Amazing bird !Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Great shot of this Ringed Kingfisher, what a beautiful colour contrast !
Had a good look at stream and I'm impressed by your collection of N-American birds.

PS Could you help out a friend of mine with the id of this n-American bird ?
www.flickr.com/photos/vielipowski/4344102282/Wow, nice close up  of a rare find David....I was in south Texas a couple of times and this was my target bird....too bad I never did see him.Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group :~)))that's a beautiful bird =)  Nice shot !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wonderful shot !!fantastic color!coolHi, I'm an admin for a group called ONE PHOTO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Really great capture.Great job, that image sure is wonderful !!!Superb Image.Nice photograph.

David
Welcome to the ONE PHOTO pool!
22nd week contest--3rd year.

ONE PHOTOAwesome capture of this beautiful bird!! Instant fave!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Addicted to Animals* Post 1 Award 2* NO PEOPLE!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called It's Not About You (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE  DARK HORSE AWARD * Post 1 Award 4* NO Nudity , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1025148@N24/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!FANTASTIC SEEN IN

The knights dark horse
( POST 1 AWARD 4)Wonderful shot, David. Great sharpness and clarity. Congrats for Explore.

FANTASTIC SEEN IN

The knights dark horse
( POST 1 AWARD 4)Seen in:
FANTASTIC SEEN IN

The knights dark horse
( POST 1 AWARD 4)THIS PHOTO IS ADDICTIVE!! Thank you for sharing with us

Addicted to Animals
( POST 1 AWARD 2)

Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS1

2

3

4 My chin is currently nonexistent 

5

6

7

8

9
you are too crazy to stay in t-shirt, but the pictures in this serie are wonderfuli love your photography, just sayinggg 
:)i love all pics *-* amazing and i love snow but here in Brazil don't have snow :(((((((((( so sadddddddddddddddddThese are all so pretty. :)i LOVE your outfit. and this whole series is lovely :)I really like all of them. But it looks so cold&quot;That headband is dumb.&quot;
What?! I love the headband!
You're so lucky to get all that snow. (:soooooooooooo beautiful.I love number 7.
Perfect.the fun in this inspires me

love your headband, so cuteegreat tones, and i love number 6.love this soso much, love the colors!I really like 4 and 8 in the comments. And I love your shirt.i love this also where do you shop? your clothes are so cute!My main shops are H&amp;M, Forever 2,1 Tjmaxx, Target, and wherever else I end up. :]You should shop at LF, and AA. Best stores ever:)the headband is sikkkkkI goto a American Apparel sometimes, it's just far...but what's LF?Oh, I see:) yeah, it's far for me too, so I use the website. And lf is kinda like 21 but alot more expensive, so I just get the sale items.Beautiful!!!
I love this!!this is wonderful! awesome headband! and I love your film set.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Favorite Photos (Only Girls), and we'd love to have this added to the group!I think the headband is funky,. Heh, love all the photos in this series.6 is soooo pretty.
Your pictures are like magic (:lovely set this is fantastic!
haha we nice seriesthis is amazing, i love the focusawesome!!!!! I great shots :D awesome headband btw :)i love 7 and 9. these are great!!!snow shots
have my heartReally love the shots and huge respect for taking pictures in a t-shirt! Great job! :-)Leigh you amaze me!!!your outfit is adorable and again, I love the hairr :)

these colors and the focus are perfecti love the tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called walking and dreaming, and we'd love to have this added to the group!the tones &amp;bokeh&amp;headband are so lovely.
i saw this on tumblr !sincronia f o d a x)FAB!wow - this is fab.  how many takes did it take to get the shot??
--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot;. (?)  650 shots gave me a shorlist of 9 decent ones!!  Thanks for the commentsF.A.B.!  I need to get some water shots going again.  Lost the motivation for a while!  Takes so much time to set up, shoot, clear up and edit! LOL  This is perfect, love the lil strawb outside the water.


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?) Thank you - did you see my can shot the other day.  All that planning and it was a bit of an anti-climax.  I will be back though!Ooh no off to ferret...That is a cool shot!Cool shot!fantastic!WOW....DAMN PRETTY!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comgreat shot!
!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot; (?)Oooh, this is mouthwatering!well worth all the effort. Great shot.fantastic!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MOST EXCELLENT  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Brilliant. Love the crispness of the image. This is something I've never tried.

--
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010  (?)Wonderful splash! I love the brightness and the crispness - it's worked really well.love it, the colour of the red is so eyecatchingFresh and delicious photo :)

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--malinne ]Fabulous!gorgeousDefinitely my favourite of the series.Experimentation is the name of the game thats how we get to learn, this is wicked well done


Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010This is the most refreshing-looking thing ever.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called as beautiful as you want, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupfantastic shotMagical shot!Nice light and color!superbe longue exposure avec des tonalités douces très apaisantes au regard, bravo pour ce joli cliché !Congratulations, I saw this wonderful photo in
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupAwesome capturebeautiful!

Congratulations, I saw this wonderful photo in
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupI think these B+W filters give a certain colour and feel, have a look at my last posted image and you will see what I mean!

TonyRod, your'e really making the 10 stopper work. A corker of a shot regardles of the wobbly horizon.wonderful captureThat wobbly horizon is my favorite part of the image.  Beautiful!

~Josha subdued but wonderful shot . . . the streaking in the sand as the wave moves out plus a slight sense of motion makes me feel as if standing there!This is really gorgeous Rod..and something i'd dearly love to learn..a damn *fine art*..:o)))
 it's got the most gorgeous tones..love this..
hope your well..:o)


--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Fantastic composition and very moody!masterful capture

Congrats you deserve more Fav from Fav Lovers 
From Fav Lovers : post 1 and Fav 3 Group Fiendish shot! Love the seemingly endless horizon ;)Lovely work, well captured.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Congratulations, I saw this wonderful photo in 
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupFantastic composition my friend :DBeautiful light (incl. vignetting effect!) for an intense image :)Great array of smooth colours.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very wonderful ..Great one!Great tones and colors... love the effects of the two minute exposure!!!Gorgeous!awesome colors!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Gorgeous - Love that graduated colourThis is a gorgeous image my friend, WOW!!!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunning work!fantastic scape!!!

Seen on FluidrAwesome sky and great detail, plus the reflections in the water look amaaaazing. Great job buddy! :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Truth Gallery (Admin Invite Post 1 and Comment 2 please.), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is a beautiful photograph!
Admin Invitation
You are invited to post this image

 The Truth Gallery
Admin Invited Images Only 
--
Seen in the group&quot;The Golden Truth (Qualified Posting Only; Post 1, Award 1)&quot; (?)love the simplicity of the scene and the clouds are fabulousso beautiful Zeb, love the deep green and dramatic clouds.thanks for posting the links to the seperate camera takes. 
Really interesting to see how incredibly different they are.A dreamy, verdant wonderland.Sounds like  a very intellectual approach to photography. 5 different cameras demanding 5 different approaches to the same subject requires a careful evaluation and a good degree of expertise and training. I think the excellent end results speak for themselves, like in this case.I've looked at all three of your shots of this scene, and I think I like this one the best.  It brings to mind a rainstorm with water drops obscuring the total clarity of the lens in places.  It's got a dreamy quality to it that I like.  And I agree with you regarding sunrise/sunset scenes versus the regular everyday conditions.I think my favorite is the Pentax.  Probably because I find myself continually impressed by the clarity of medium format, anyway.  But this one has a uniquely &quot;dreamy&quot; appeal that cannot be ignored -- the long exposure, here, is a particularly good idea with the flowing wheat.the pinhole version for me !!! so incredible atmosphereSweet!a pinhole... why do i worry about lenses? like the dramatic atmosphere you created.I also like this best of the three. Beautiful colour and lack of colour.I really love this version. I want to be right there right now.Very very different perspectives and feel, with each image having its own charm. I personally have had some problems with having multiple cameras. I guess it is all in the effort and pursuing such an approach. There is something or the other that i really like in all the three pictures. Thanks for the post Zeb. Is this Fuji Reala as well?It is quite interesting to see the 3 images together and look for the different touch each camera brings. 
I have a hard time choosing between this and the Holga :)Now you just need to shoot it with a real camera...Wow ... breathtaking :-)this looks like what I want my dreams to feel like, so surreal, awesome!Is this the same film as you used in the Pentax 6x7?  It always seems like pinhole shots turn out so saturated, but maybe it's just film choice...Cool! Looks like a painting!This is a great shot simple and striking very nice.

wow. this looks awesome. :)Wonderful colors and the sense of motion is special.  I like the small bits in focus tucked away in the foreground.  My favorite of the three.Wow.  That's very good!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)very cool

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beatiful....
www.flickr.com/photos/05021979/4144841044/in/set-72157622...cool！Beautiful capture!15 seconds of beauty...I really like it!Preciosa. Muy buen trabajo.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Super view!That's a nice photo =) I like the contrast !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Absolutely stunning!Wonderful series...amazingfantastic picture!I remember when you posted this image shot with the 6x7 Zeb. This one has a very different feel to it. I'm starting to see why you carry all those cameras!This makes me think of Brontë's Wuthering Heights, nice picture :)

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--malinne ]I think I understand that confusion you used to have.. i still have it to some degree. The Holga version if my favorite, this one 2nd (not a far 2nd)Fantastic photography. Beautiful interesting.love the hushed tones and stunning work of art.congratulaions for the frontpageExcellent work zeb !
Have A Nice Day mY Friend !!Beautiful! love the creaminess from the delay. Lovely.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South (studying for the CPA) ]Simple, yet the contrast is amazing!excellent treatmentVery good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY yummynotevole, bellissima atmosferaLooks almost like the steamy tropics.
But we know better. Beautiful! Stay warm.in bn? bella atmosferaStupenda, una vallata riarsa dal freddoDavvero.
Che atmosfera...che atmosfera? che freddo! :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great shot.Bellissima, quasi surreale, un saluto. Marcoit has a wonderful location. It must be beautiful there all the time.Bellissima con questa nebbia baciata dal sole!
--
You are receiving a LANDSCAPES DREAMS invitation

Please ADD your photo to the galery of de group:
www.flickr.com/groups/landscape-dream/

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Che luce !!!!! Bellissima Marco !!!bella la luce, la nebbia che sale......
ma sopratutto le tre linee che dividono la foto!!!I love the layering of the fog - very coolCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato as beautiful as you want. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupConcordo con MARILIAGALLUS sull'effcacia del taglio della foto e sull'atmosfera, eccellenti entrambiLovely shotgran bella atmosfera!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Great foggy shot.Gorgeous! That contrast....Beautiful image, composition and lighting.paesaggio surreale !!

Fantastic snowy landscape!Caspita, veramente bella!!molto bellaun paesaggio dalla realtà al surreale, complimentiBellissima!!! Perfetta!!! Complimenti !!!!!!!nebbia ovunque, eterea collina emilianaProprio un bel paesaggio nebbioso,i miei complimentinice capture !Bella! Probabilmente non sarebbe male in bianco e nero. CiaoBel paesaggio nebbbbbbbbbioso!La nebbia ai poco irti colli.....Questa è speciale !!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Quando anche la nebbia è bella...sembra &quot;un paese lontano lontano&quot;, come quelli delle favole ! Tecnicamente bella composizione, piacevole il contrasto e bella la resa della gamma di colori freddi offerti da questo paesaggio !great shot!
congrats on Explore!Bello scenario

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Lovely!Una visione, una delicatissima emozione...Che spettacolo!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.La particolare tonalità grigioblu  e quei bianchi sbuffi di nebbia creano un'atmosfera tra il magico e l'onirico.Lovely composition...I feel very cold it image...My friend.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
----------------

You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
invited with SICI (2008-09-29)Nice view =) I like this photo !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow! This is kind of apocalyptic. A visual treat, indeed. :)Bellissima!
Guardandola riesco a percepire un'atmosfera favolosa!
Molto bello questo scatto! Bravissimo!..., quasi surreale! Complimenti.

Angelo.Davvero Molto Bella!la scena è fiabesca e la luce fantastica  (spero non ti offendi ma secondo me la striscia grigioverde in basso è un elemento di disturbo)A truly fantastic image, great composition and timing here. Very nicely shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)You have so many on Front Page now. All FP well deserved. Congrats and good luck for the next one ;)

You can view all your FP photos right here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2177506...great shot.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Marco.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardNice picSo beautiful! Magic of DOF!Really like this, the focal point makes for a nice composition.

Seen on Fluidrvery beautiful work indeedamazing capture!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow your focus was spot on! Instant faveSelective magic !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called What you see is what you are... (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!gorgeous!
Sweet dof and very clever focus.d(&gt;_&lt; )Good!!愛くるしい花ですね！Wonderful shot!Lovely soft colors an great DoF!super Foto..Nicely done, great shot !ボケの中の一輪、綺麗です。Beautiful shot!lovely!love the perspective, dof, composition, tones.. :)pretty!!!Oh, I love this! It reminds me of the 60's.Super Fokus und Tiefenschärfe. &lt;3 Beautiful. &lt;3 ~ yokoGreat focus, and love the out of focus flowers!Powerful impact !!!!loved the focus美.beautiful.Subarashii....I love this!!Very nice shot! Great work!Oh, how lovely! Wonderful DoF!wow, this is fabulous...
The way you make the lone flower stand out is excellent... AMAZING.so nice :)awsome focus!  very pretty.beautiful macro!! i love it!Wow beautiful shot.Brilliant stuff :)Lovely light and dark!prettyamazing DOFbeautiful :)Lovely!well seen - lovely!!Such a beautiful pic :) 
loved it :) and the colors r amazing :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lovely! The violet in the bottom right corner adds a nice touch.lovely bokeh!Perfect bokeh!

Congratulationsreally awesome shotfantastica!!!
www.flickr.com/photos/melgibson/I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comFantastic bokeh, great light, color and composition. Beautiful pic

[via Flickroom]Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Wonderful shot 
mmm 
made me smile !!!beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3521312...This flowers is very beautiful......
What a cute flower....???Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.
Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1adorable one!Lovely shot. Well Done on explore!Very nice !Lovely ♥ EXPLOREDmagical shot! so beautiful!lovely!What a wonderful shot - good job.
b&gt;Precious photo!!
You are invited to post your photo to: 
 
?~?Flora y Fauna ?~? Fantastic shot!Lovely image and focus!Nice simplicity !This is amazing in all levels. I can't stop staring. 
Congratulations on Explore, I found this there.Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.great idea! love it!Beautiful capture!cool bokehbeautiful !Wow, stunning image :)great bokehvery nice flower...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Lovely.gorgeous, love the dreamy composition :)Wonderful Capture!!!
www.flickr.com/groups/points_of_viewVery Nice and good bokehcongrat for the exploreキュートですねniceso pretty :)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Awesome bokeh!very niceWow David, this is beautiful, lighting, colors, just perfect!Wow how gorgeous are these!!! They look so soft, and so unreal! Wonderful capture.very pretty I can almost smell spring in the photoI SO love this...I love the way the edges of the petals fade into that wonderful pink.  Flowers for Mrs R maybe??Beautiful!&quot;&quot; CONGRATULATIONS!



NOSSAS FLORES ✿ OUR FLOWERSParabéns ✿ Congratulations



 NOSSAS FLORES ✿ OUR FLOWERS
.This is fantastic - gorgeous lighting, great background - well done!These are so lovely. Gorgeous lighting, background and soft colours.Love the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.Parabéns ✿ Congratulations



 NOSSAS FLORES ✿ OUR FLOWERS
.Oh My !!!Sooo Gorgeous!  Looks like a painting!Nice pic. Do you mind commenting on some of my pics?Stunning, so soft and beautiful.  I love that amazing color!very nice tulipsgreat shot!
congrats on Explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??beautiful processing!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² ) 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! David.This is truly stunning. Beautifully composed. I love the processing as well. 

Seen on Explore.Nice clean macro!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Despite being sharp in all the right places David there is a delicate softness to this one that makes for a very attractive image.

Seen in, and congrats on Explore.....................kenThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.A really soft feel, and almost surreal look, really eyecatching :-)Beautiful image, love the soft focus.&quot;&quot; CONGRATULATIONS!



Keep safe and shooting.Beautiful capture!!!Magnifique

Vu sur  Mordus de photos Nature

Great shot. Excellent work. Warm greetings from Holland. 

* Excellent *
seen in

Unicorn Awards 
* Post 1 Award 3 *Vu sur  Mordus de photos Nature

...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY * Excellent *
seen in

Unicorn Awards 
* Post 1 Award 3 ** Excellent *
seen in

Unicorn Awards 
* Post 1 Award 3 *Really beautiful - stunning colour. Congrats on Explore - well deserved :-)Very nice light and soft focus. Well done.Parabéns!

Esta foto foi vista no PHODDÁSTICA!!! ® Private Group

Congratulations!

This photo was seen in the PHODDÁSTICA!!! ® Private Group




PHODDÁSTICA!!! ® Private GroupThis is a Fantastic Flower Macro!
I saw this in:
 
 * Flowers Macro World * a stunning shot David,congrats on Explore
yes the ducks where taken at 4.00 todaySimply beautiful!

Mother Nature (at her best)
Mother Nature kisses you on the cheek for capturing her work so beautifully!!&gt;Gorgeous, so soft and sweet!absolutely beautiful! Love the soft tones :o)she's cute! and like the soft tones toooh she is gorgeous!Awww...adorable!! :)This is so beautiful, she's ADORABLE!Love this shot, great angle and love the soft tones xxoh my gosh! that is so cute and beautiful!!! i love her big eyes!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Niños y detalles., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

TRULY BEAUTIFUL!

Your image was seen in group:

Dreams of Sparrows
(only for children and babies)
Excelente, magnífica. Una niña guapísima.
Excellent, magnificent. The most beatiful girl.she's adorable !she has beautiful hair!!!So precious - they are so fun at this age :) !!!!!!!!!!Is an angel, gorgeous work, congrats!Your girl is fantastic! This picture was just beautiful! It was a great shot!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great portrait... lovely little girl!!!felicidades por el explore y por esa preciosidad de niña!!!!!
el retrato es una maravilla!!!So sweet!!!cute shot !!She is wonderful!!!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Aww Thank You All!!its those pretty eyes, they are gorgeous. Thanks for the birthday cake tip! I am going to try and make one :)adorable!this is completely gorgeous! her eyes are amazing!What a doll.........her eyes are beautiful.........love that look you captured!! Seen on Explore!incredibleCongrats!
Excellent work!!... thanks for sharing your art with us!

so cute !!!



Meet a PARAGON ARTIST - T I N A. Her skills and talents are magical!!
www.flickr.com/groups/the_paragon_gallery/discuss/7215762...cute :)Takes after her daddy



Meet a PARAGON ARTIST - T I N A. Her skills and talents are magical!!
www.flickr.com/groups/the_paragon_gallery/discuss/7215762...lovelyWow... Your daughter is so gorgeous!
Look at those eyes :]Cute!  And those eyes!Sooo cute (:incredibile!omg...  she is like a doll...  so precious and sweet!soooo beautiful..........great shot!cutesuch a beauty! =)Look at those eyes!!! So beautiful:)so beautiful! the baby's eyes and hair are absolutely gorgeous! 
precious photo :)TRULY BEAUTIFUL!

Your image was seen in group:

Dreams of Sparrows 
(only for children and babies)
Seriously one of the most adorable perfect little faces EVER!Hi, I'm a Secretariat for a group called THe PARAGON APOTHEOSIS COLLECTION *** INVITED IMAGES ONLY ***, and your image has earned 4 or more awards from the PARAGON Gallery and therefore, qualifies for this very special invite. 

She is so beautiful! Those eyes are stunning! Love the softness.Gorgeous shot!Oooooown how cute!I Am So Flattered!! Thanks so much :o)Great landscape!I am glad to say i have never had that trouble! lucky I guess 

I do like this shot, shitty as it is LOL
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Not the same problem...yet?!
Very nice work...great compo, really lovely smooth sky:))Gull dropping!! yeah I relate!! Fabulous shot Deena :o)I think you would have needed to be eagle-eyed to spot something like that Deena, because understandably you wouldn't have anticipated it at all.  I frequently fail to take full account of what's going on around the edges, but that's not so hard to rectify.  Just as embarrassing sometimes though.  I must say that on this evidence I prefer slow exposures in colour to b/w, and having the horizon as sharp as this one somehow assists in effectively dividing up the colour fields to add interest and compensate for the flatness in the water.Very pretty shot.  It has a very painterly feel to it.  

I think we all have had shots like that.  Much of the time, photoshop can get rid of the offense.Andy McGowan - PMSL!!!!!! :)An excellent image, with lots going for it. Well done.

Relate to dog poo?  when I have been to the beach, there is an inspection parade from &quot; She who must be obeyed &quot; at the front door before admission to the humble abode............ LOLBrill shot Deena .You always miss something Deena. Wonderful shot with a great sky and superb milky water.Thats the sort of thing I would do!!?? It didn't stop you creating a wonderful landscape though!!!Hi there I'm a Moderator for a group called
A Place For Great Photographers
and we'd love to have this added to the groupGreat work, nice story ;)I often have that problem. Sometime you can't see something through looking at it. Love the soft clouds and tone in the sky.This wonderful photo was seen in
 
&quot;~Serene~&quot; Great work DeenaCannot relate to the exact story:-) however many times I look at a photo when I get back home and bang my head on the wall for something I missed, something I cropped without realising... And with digital this days you don't really have an excuse. Or perhaps the problem is exactly that, you are not as careful as you were with film, you are more casual thinking you are safe? Beautiful exposure here, great sky and tonesLOL dog poo would probably go amiss if I was trying to nail a good shot here - and because I am short-sighted, it would just blend into the foreground! :P

I love these type of shots - long exposure right? Those clouds are just stunning, whispery and smoooooth!Terrific!!!! Pays off to take more than one angle!Absaloutly stunning capture....instant fav :o)Fabiela - yeah me too!! We should have definately gone to specsavers! :pBeautiful and serene long exposure shot, Deena !
Such a wonderful colors and composition ...
Nice story you're telling us !!!  ;o)))
And nice to be on your stream again ...
Big fave !Nice ND workthe hard edge horizon brings the fluid and the grounded such unityWOW... this is brilliant
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )wowowowow!So Stunning image!This wonderful photo was seen in
 
&quot;~Serene~&quot; Heh!  Glad this shot worked out for you.  Beautiful long exposure coastal image.
DanielYour shot is amazing...so moving.  I'm pondering the meaning and depth of it and then I stumble on to the dog waste part and bust a gut laughing. Isn't life that way sometimes, we can't see the obvious in search of something else!!!

Great shot...your stream is wonderful! Thank you for stopping by mine and for your kind comment! (( ;

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome long exposure image.
fantastic.Beautiful image. Really like this. Feedback - something on the right might have balanced the compo a bit.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love the composition and great exposure. Beautiful movement of the clouds!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow, great shot.  Love the scenic landscape and imagery. Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow, stunning image :)Beautiful long exposure!Instant fav.
Very beautiful!! Esp. in large.
Looks like a painting.Fantastic work- great composition and the exposure is perfect (dog poop and all....not that I can see it, and at least you didn't step in it). Great work.such a gorgeous soft tones, wonderful treathmentOutstanding shot, fantastic compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I loved &quot;Breaking Away&quot;.  I bet your grandfather was pretty great too.oh my gosh.  i think exactly the same way.  sometimes i will even stop after i've said something to chris and say, &quot;do you want to hear how i got there?&quot;  =)

and breaking away!  *such* a great movie.  especially since it was filmed in scenic bloomington, indiana.  ;)ditto on the thinking patterns :) i love that your grandfather passed music onto you, such a gift..ya know? they're always tied to memories...scents are like that too..
great song :)

loving the wood-grain fenders.Love, love, love. And I think you are my sister from another mister.faved for the picture
but mostly for your words. 
&lt;3Love Breaking Away and that fender is pretty sweet.  Off to hear what kind of music your grandpa likes...oh wow that is one fancy bike!  sure beats my side of the road find!

memories of granddads are good thoughts.I love those fenders and paint job!a picture, a thousand words...Loving the color gradient throughout the image :)lovely picture, beautiful words!I love that song....I used to actually listen to it when I was little. Strange that I loved folk style music at that time and it was not even of my era :) Such a wonderful song to accompany your beautiful image and thoughts of your grandfather.omg, is that a wood fender on a green bike?  LOVE!!!Excellent perspective and tones. I really like this!Awesome angle and texture!
Long time no see my dear friend!~Feb. 9th wasn't that bad at all if it brought you some beautifu memories about your grandfather...

I like the picture a lot, i like the way you see things... and the process them:) good colours, I find them hard to describe - a bit vintage, a bit something else...Hot! Wood fenders FTW.Vey nice tones and composition! :DI love these colours and great choice of subject..but hey i'm Dutch so biased we love bikes : )I loved the film, and this is such a moving song.
I like the shot - wonderful faux wood! - and bicycle shots, like chairs, always seem to personify people and emotions...really nice angle on the bike. i also like the brown fender. :)Love the composition.. and the green really stands out! :) niceGreat angle, very cool bike! 

It's funny how you mind can wander off in a stream of thoughts and lead you down a path. That's what photography is all about!awesome fenders!  Love the image too...Nice composition. Love the green bike!oh how i love this!Can I get a high five for Breaking Away?  Damn that's a good movie.Love this!suh-weet fender!i love you.fabulous song to accompany a sweet photo.
love those fine details Ky :-)
i like this new action of yours.. superb!!love the colors and the bike :-)wait.. what?  you can count?now thats a lot of bokehLooks like this field of bokeh is ready for harvest.Incredible!awesome shotThat's awesome.  Light speed bokeh!so stunning, rog! :))) very cool bokeh with perspective!children of the bokehcorn...

hahah i dont know why.. but when i saw this i remember that movie..Great P.O.V.Just awesome great stuffWonderful detail to this bokeh!Love this bokeh...   Happy Bokeh Wednesday !!how brilliant!!Infinity Bokeh, only in bokehistan!Full of bokehHi, I'm an admin for a group called HappyBokehEveryday, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

bokehistan needs UN status...Whoa! I really like the symmetry!this is so cool! what was that you took of! love thiss!wah!! stunning rays of bokehness!!!
Bow to you... :pHi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh City, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This leaves me speechless!  It reminds me of a movie opening scene. It pulls you in so perfectly. Well done.woooooooowfaved!!!!Turn up the bokeh...  it's that fader to the left!Very cool! I'm just wondering what this could be...amazing!!!Beautiful! I love it!beautiful, nice work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!bokeh and perspective!  what a magnificent combination!loving the perspective Rog! i'm like being hypnotizedWonderfully composed with all those leading lines--the bokeh is incredible!
--
Seen in the group&quot;24/7 Bokeh Life - Valentine's Day Bokeh&quot; ( ?² )awesome bokeh!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)NICE!!! This is a superb shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)amazing!my head spin when i look at thisUm...wow.  Bokeh... *stares at monitor*whoa, what an amazing location!!!O_O bokehTons of sweet diagonal beautiful bokeh.
Really cool!somebody....please...give me a count...pleasethe title says it all, made me smile. ThanksChe spettacoloBellissima!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Waking Into the Dream(1 Post/3 Awards!!!). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.bella....un'atmosfera magicaCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Palabra (Non square). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Era ora :)Bellissimo scatto!Sembra la Londra di Jack lo squartatoreche bella! ma che posto è?Favolosa.piena di atmosfera e bellissimasuggestiva...sicuramente bella e azzeccati i toni...Bella foto, suggestiva, pòiena di atmosfera.
Buona la PP
gmgGrande magica atmosfera.Uno scatto molto suggestivo !!
You are invited to post this beautiful photo in the group

 FOTOWOW (INVITED PHOTOS ONLY)

post 1, comment 3mi aspetto di veder spuntare il dott. jekil...davvero un atmosfera emozionante....ciaoGreat compositionsembra di sentire il rumore del silenzio e il sapore del freddo...bellissima immagine!!! i toni sono stupendi!davvero sempre meglio!molto bellaun'atmosfera meravigliosa...

bellissimo scatto!bella!
*Awesome work!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Meravigliosa °o°great shot!!Spettacolo. Vista su Explore.I like this so much!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)nice moodGrazie mille a tutti!
Thanks!!
@Biagiorandagio: il castello di Bratislava :)Very interesting atmosphere!!Valentina, esto es hermosísimo, felicitaciones desde Tucumán  ArgentinaCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Committee of Artists. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.I like this atmosfere!!! well done!That's a great shot =) Like it!
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Very nice tone and mood, well done!!I really like this one! Beautiful capture!

Seen on FluidrBeautiful image!!!   Reminiscent of the 1920s.  Love it!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Magical places and trees. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Misty magic :-)
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )Brava Valentina.just too goodE' una foto stupenda con una magica atmosferaimmagine supenda


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Andrea Meacci ]So beautiful:)

seen in explore:)Every once in a while, I see a picture like this one and just wish I could be in it.  I cannot explain why, it just absorbs me.  Excellent work!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Digital Jewels. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.davvero fantastica! :oluce bellissima! amo queste atmosfere!bellissima atmosfera...titolo perfettoBrrr! 

This gives me the creeps! (in a good sense, that is)This is a gorgeous image my friend, WOW!!!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great photoReally nice image!Wow this is just brilliant!!davvero inquietante...

seen in exploreMuito bonita, meus parabens,adoreiStupenda!Nicely!!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.I love the mood of it !

Have a nice day
About you Award!

About you
P1/C2 - Sweeper
Post here with +5 AwardHave a nice day
About you Award!

About you
P1/C2 - Sweeper
Post here with +5 Awardbrilliant!Wonderful!beeeauuuuutilful !!!
fantastic light on top of the wave shining through... 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I'm looking for peaks...a &quot;gold&quot; wave!oh yes...amazing capture, perfect title!This is absolutely fantastic Jason ... love this moment!Coming down mountainsGorgeous shot my friend!awesome!!Qué buenas estas últimas!
Una pena no conocer a ese gran filósofo :-)boah

this must be a swiss wave

to perfect this thing

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )this is seriously good, loving the size and fun he looks like he is having, good quote too!This is fantatstic! Gorgeous to illustrate your words!!haha, love the office!!!

nice photo too!!Great!!impressiveYou already know I love the image - and that quote is brill!! Just what I needed this morning - a good titter!!!!!Wel said &amp; presented with this image Jason.....love all that white....

a beautiful rippled texture on that wave.....Perfectly captured.  Love it.Killer! Looks like some of the best surf that I've seen on your photo stream. Nice warm light too.ohhh.  my. worrrrd.  It's like surfing down a snow mountain!!!!superb catch dear!! just excellent!!Ms. Parton will never drown. The Good Lord blessed her with natural unsinkable details. Worried about her back, though.
I should watch Mr. Brent more often... ;)

Formidable peak, Jason. 

Kisses!uau, very nice spot and photo. CongratsCool. Stunning shot.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Oh love the title. I guess I'm in a trough now that my cat Leo is sick. When he's better I'll be in the peak.

How long between peaks, if you know please tell me!Sweeeet!Ooh, nice wave. Looks like someone is having loads of fun.the power that must be behind these walls of water just amazes me!  This has so much movement...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ARTiculate Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful Work !behind the peak nice styleWhoa.. thats amazing manDon't you hate when your surf buddies tell you 'you missed it, you shoulda been here earlier....'  Grrrrreat shot :-)That guy is a goner.  RIP dude.a mighty feelingFantastic! What a great wave to catch.Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene
Im begging of you please don't take my man
Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene
Please don't take him just because you can

:-)stunning shot, i was at freshwater bay yesterday, awesome swells and some lovely sets coming in. :)exceptional composition!Absolutely gorgeous!Wonderful!:oWow! That's a serious wave!Wow.  Looks like it really went off!  We don't get waves like that here in Texas, except during the rare hurricane.  Hope you guys enjoyed it.great title and shot mate, like the blog too!!! some great shots in therelove this beautiful, dirty wave :-)))
I need to know what's around the corner, I am a spy ;DThat´s IT !!! .... you are right !!! ...... s0ulsurfing :)awesome capture....Man this is a massive wave, well done.got a real old school hawaiian look to it
like it lotsLove the color change in this as compared to your bluish series. Love those as well but this one is very special with that light penetrating the crest of the wave.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I just don't understand that sport...  especially in February!  ;-)Amazing capture man!love the thumbnail look of this...es hermosa!i really like thisThat's  a great looking wave Jason!Lovely capturenice easy one to step into - but i still like that one of the guy with the paddle about to go up the face!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Bonne photo de surf:::::::::::::::::::::::::I really like the exposure on this, it's perfect, keeps the detail of the spray off the top, adn a bit of detail in the surfer.  Great shot!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Thanks everyone, i like reading all the feedback, but its especially pleasing to see my isle of wight surf shots getting appreciation from those of you who live in places that are renowned for their quality waves (Oz, SA, Cali, Spain, France etc)Woauw! Very impressive
 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)

:):):)+++bellissima, complimenti..
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Excellent!


A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)wowa href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/a-grade/&quot;&gt; 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is extremely Good!!!!!!!!!!fantastic capture! very good!Wow! That's impressive!Nice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.riding giantWow !the great wave must be least 20 feet tall ! Love the surf wisked out by the wind from its crest !! 
Amazing !!
But most importantly what interested equally is your write up ! EVERY WORD OF IT IS INDEED THE ABSALUTE TRUTH , MY FRIEND !!
Have a wonderful life dear Friend !great timing and shotbrilliant !Gorgeous, and almost surreal to me. Love it!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great shot!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2442442...Wow - that is a BIG wave!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Excellent capture!

Seen on FluidrWOW!AmazingniceDefinitely a great photo!!! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful!awesome shot!  great timing and exposure.superb capture!!

Seen on FluidrTus fotos transmiten una sensación de libertad maravillosa :)awesome!awww
Amazing work my friend.Gorgeous capture! Love the light here...Such an endearing photo - lovely moment beautifully captured.oh.............so sweet.........Beautiful light in this shot.  I love her little outfit.so sweet... love the moment and the light :)So sweet , beautiful light!!LOOOVE this. Such a cute and magical capture.I had to sigh when I saw this, so lovely!Love the light!awww...so sweet! i love the light!such a sweet photo, love itSoo cute, love the processing.love this one! beautiful light.. ;)yes so sweet.
and this ligth....very pretty !What a precious photo! Loving that light and compo is great!Wonderful shot!Airy and beautiful!so sweet ::))sat sri akal dear
Sweet and beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!such an adorable girl :xgreat shot!
congrats on Explore!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.very sweet photo and wonderful color processing to complement the mood.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)precious! Congrats on Explore!Precious, really really beautifulOh so Sweet!!
Precious little one : )so sweet !gorgeous.oh gosh this is adorableWOW!Love the mood!Superb!! Awesome Stuff!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Really dramatic light here!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Nice and sharp on the eye and very dramatic presentation which suits this magnificent bird well

FranWow!
What an image, this is where spot metering can really pay off.
Awesome capture Ken, the timing and exposure are perfect, the DOF is perfect, the focus is perfect, there's so much incredible detail.
Stunning, just, stunning.One very serious image, muchly well good.great lighting and capture!Fabulous photos Ken, expertly taken..I really like the dramtic feel you've achieved with this by the shadow on the side and that amazing intense stare.Remarkably' Stunning'! Brilliant Composition! Splendid Work!That is just superb, very very powerful :-)Amazing shot!!Menacing, excellent shot.Love the lighting and composition. A fave.Perfectly lit and majestic head study my friendI though you can only do this kind of portrait shot with humans! A beautiful shot with the lights and shadows! Awesome!You don't need me to tell you this low key image is fantastic, Ken.  Very well done, indeed.  Ian.WOW...........What an amazing photo Ken.
Indeed it was well worth the price to go here, 
these are amazing photos.Superb - very good use of light and shadow to give this wonderful bird the dramatic effect.  Not only would I be over the moon if I had taken this I would be yelling to the world.  I would print this large and get it framed by a professional and hang it as the centrepiece on y wall.  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is perfect - sublime lighting. The way you have photographed this suits the bird to a tee! Instant fave.Great light and texture - really nice!Think it's all been said Ken.  Absolutely stunning!That's an absolute beauty. Well done!First class shot KenLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Oh, my.  Yes, indeed.  You certainly would have had the pigeons ****ing all over the place!  : D

Absolutely gorgeous shot, Ken.  Wow.  Lot of character and power in that face, eh?  Oh, yeah.  I love the treatment, the melting into the blackness.  Makes an already beautify shot that much more power.

Good to see you hanging around.  Been away a bit myself.  Hopefully going to be on the glide path here soon.

By the way, thanks for the email.  Sorry I didn't respond.  But you know me by now - off the planet I go on a moment's notice.  : DWow this is wicked, very powerful image, great work.Realmente impresionante, la nitidez, la mirada, el brillo de los ojos. Es una fotografía espectacular!

Awesome!!!!!!

PD: Go to my favourites right now!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Amazing. perfect.Congratulations and set to go even higher !!!!

Come on FP ...........Stunning! Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.Completely and utterly totally awesome.  It's absolutely superb.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Practical Photographers Unleashed&quot; (?)Stunning portrait, congrats my friend!Ken
An excellent portrait of one of the most imposing birds.

Well done!

TerrySüpersin karakartalım uç şampiyonlularaWonderful shot!!!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Thank you all so much for the kind comments and faves. I really appreciate your thoughts and am delighted you like my work.................kenwell - that is an impressive portrait!Your Wonderful Capture is invited to: 

Nature's Beautiful Photography - INVITE ONLY 

We would be glad to have your excellent picture in the group  
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Ken.WowExcellentfantasticWOW fantasticI'm dead impressed Ken. This is a really clever and very striking bird portrait.Spectacular portrait!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]superb capture
No doubt this is a World's Best Dazzling shot! We'd love to include it in our
collection! So here's your official invitation!

World's Best Dazzling Shots please add tag &quot;WORLDBEST&quot;Great shot , very mean &amp; moody

Gary !!!!!!Really great capture.Very menacing. And the exposure (oh, the gorgeous exposure!): it is so perfect it looks like you took it in a studio.Definitely an awesome pic


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A fantastic subject, pose and lighting. Exceptionally well taken.Hi Ken,What can i say i have to agree with all above comments.
Top Draw stuff.

Ken.Congratulations!! Your image has been approved for upload. You really belong here!
Please consider to become a member (if you’re not already) so we can see more of your amazing photographic talent.
Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Superb shot ! The best photo of an eagle I've ever seen. :-))Intense!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Art of Wildlife, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Stunningtruely amazing Ken...Beautiful light and eye contact...congrats on exploreCongrats on Explore.  Excellent shot and great use of light and dark!Ahh!
LOVE!omg i love the tones/colors and the look!this is greattttExcellent.very cool! I'll make sure I won't ;Pso cute!! love the comp. &amp; tones!Gorgeous!Love at first sight. Can't wait to see the blog:)totally cool :)))Cute cute CUTE!!!love this!  can't wait to see the rest.  :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)So pretty!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Amazing!!!!  Amazing!!!!AMAZING!! So excited for the blog post ;)Love this!  Such great processing.Wonderful!!love this!!!this is awesome Beth!!!just saw this on facebook - LOOOOOOVE it!!  

hey! you should add this photo to vintage camera addicts!
OMG love love love love... I wanna be part of a couple like that!!!you know I'm in love with this! wow!Okay, I don't know why but this reminded me of American Gothic. I really love this shot. :)hot!from the looks of this, the blog post will be amazing!! awesome work.How awesome!!!fabulousGreat camera coupleso beautiful :)
love the tones and the colors :)so awesome!So freakin' incredible! LOVE!!Oh, I love it!Breathtaking!! Just so lovely on so many levels..Cool shot
 This is an amazing picture!
Please, add it to HIDDEN TREASURE GROUP

 HIDDEN TREASURE POST 1 AWARD 3great processingSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comFantastic tones, great pic

[via Flickroom]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Amore che vieni, amore che vai, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful portrait!
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Beautiful.. I love the vintage look!adorable. 
love this.Love this shot!You always manage to keep me in awe!!!Great vintage shot!! Love the crop too...Great portrait! Excellent work!cool, nice photothis is so adorable!!! i love this.American Gothic veiwfinder style... coolLOVE this, instant fave!  great compo and processing!fantasticThis is SO fun... awesome shot, love the vintage look.  And she's wearing a hat with netting?  How COOL is that??my goodness i LOVE this.
the colors are just perfect !

&lt;3thank you guys! :)A most superb photo. Well done.Genius idea!Love it the tones the cameras everything it's just perfect!I really loved this shot. It's amazing!love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Double Beauty, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is adorable :) 
 i love how both of you are holding cameras.
wonderful composition :)oh excellent workAmazing!Oh my, this is just fantastic...like the colors! :)Nice retro-feeling:)WOW!  This is awesome~! Fantastic lighting and post. Like the composition with her arms as well.Thanks Adele!  You get the award for the fastest comment on flickr ever!Beautiful!I really dig the silver skin tones and I am sure you crop this from original.

It is really perfect. :)stunning...Okay, first off, love the lighting. Overall it is a great photo. However, you said critique, so this is my only thing that came to mind: your model looks like she seemed like she was straining to create the pose. If that particular pose was what you were going for, then it is fantastic. But I would try seeing what kind of shots you might get from having her just kind of just casually throw a couple poses and see what you might get. I hope this makes sense. The lighting and coloring is beautiful though!!!Thanks everyone!

Hisgiggles, thank you for the critique.  It is much appreciated!  Posing people is definitely one of the areas I need to work on....amongst many other areas. :]I really like how you lit her up!Very nice portrait! Good light management! :)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Oh! Great light and composition. Outstanding moment you've captured!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A loverly young lady nicely photoed goes a long way to calm the day down I find relaxing looking threw the streams and when You get ladies like this well it Makes it all Ok! Nice colour well worked she seems to enjoy her work which is what matters the person with camera to has mode worked out well done Snacks 53her skin looks so perfect! she is so pretty too! I really love everything about this photo...Muchisimo gracias!  

Snacks, I'm really not quite sure what you said....but thanks.Nicely done.yay! great shot!Thanks Mike! 

Thanks Medeya!  How are your bees working out?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MODEL REPUBLIC Flickr, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice portrait!the lighting is perfect, only when I am looking something I dislike I found her right hand position is right on the corner made an arrow shape.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely. and I'm hungry and full of envy now :)Haha...awesome pocture, especially with having cookies in the picture.Hungry Danbo? :)mmmmmm cookies........LOL!can I have one as well (the cookie I mean)!!! ;)adorable! those cookies look good :Dthis was the reason he was caught yesterday?

let it be, lady. the poor danbo has right to cookies ;)

have a nice week!lol!! these look delish!! :)Yum!hey! that's my cookie!good choice!You can't help but let her have all her little heart desires! Cus she's too cute! Love it!you need BaboDelicious!!!Ha! This is funny. By the way, you made Explore again. High five!that looks delicious !
danbo's so cute xDNow I want a chocolate chip cookie!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Explore !What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.haha :DI love that little guy! Too, too cute.This too funny!Lovely reflections Steve, superb  tones, nice and sharpbeautiful sceneSamsung will be chuffed....wonderful picture again Steve!Your shots are alwyas so crystal clear Stevie and this is another one. I like the blue and of course the reflections.Steve, beautiful capture, the reflection is stunning! The soft tones really brings this photo to life.. I'm sure it would have been tempting for someone to really oversaturate them, so thank you for keeping them soft ☺Wonderful shot!The reflections are stunning mate love the stepping stones too.
Nice 1 boss man.Like glass, wonderful reflectionsWonderful landscape Steve, beautiful reflections and subtle colours.

BrianYou always achieve such wonderful clarity in your landscapes.  Great capture of a changing sky - so typical of The Lakesthats some cool reflections going on there! nicely composed indeedStunning images you have from the lake district, Steve, this being no exception mate, it's a cracker.

I was down there today, just working through the images as we speak. 

Looking forward to our Scotland trip matey ;)me too John,a bigger scale of this cannae be bad :)  cheers mategreat colors, really nice shot.A lovely composition with the steps and nice reflections!I love the view here Steve, it is so clear and full of deep tones, very nice work.Love the epic feel to the sky. Nice!

~JoshOh!  I wish I could fave this more than once. 
Those clouds and that reflection... magick.  And I adore the mountains in the background... just beautiful.Lovely work, well captured Steve.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Another super beauty Steve, lovely colours !

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Reflections and Fractions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like the reflections in this great shot.Excellent image, nicely seen


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A beautifuly balanced tone perfect image. As always your sharpening work is pin point perfect.Very nice shot, beautiful tones and feel to the image.i liked
waw! I love it!:)fine!bonitos colores, y el DoF me encanta..Gorgeous composition and mood!Me gusta mucho la composición y el procesado Paty. Bellísima.Buenisimo el texturizado!Hermosa edicion Paty, el dof es increible!¡Qué linda Paty! Es la primera foto que comento hoy :) da gusto empezar el día así.
Besitos y gracias por subirla al grupo.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Vintage &amp; Retro, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Books and Magazines =D, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Precios Paty!great!que lindos colores y que desenfoque Paty!The colors are so beautiful! I like the use of texture. It all fits together perfectly.Your photos are great! The textures and style perfect!Me encanta!!!! Es preciosa Paty.Preciosa!!! bien vista, bien compuesta y superbien editada!!!!
Muy linda mi Paty!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Paty, bellisima foto !!!I like the composition andthe deph of field.A mi me encanta como ustedes estan matando varios pajaros de un tiro. Ayer Karina publico una foto que le sirvio para bench moday, la vuelta al mundo y el atelier. Eso se llama ser practico! :)

Que bella distancia focal y que edicion, Paty, como siempre! Me habria encantado que no fuera tan larguita pero eso es eprsonal, la foto es perfecta.Me mata la edición!me encanta el blur y los colores !!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)me encantan tus colores como siempre!!! Buenísimo también el DOF!!! Aunque me hubiera gustado leer qué libros son....Paty, que belleza!!!
Me fascinan los colores!

Ay me encanta Paty, las fotos de libros son unas de mis preferidas. Muy muy linda.Qué sencilla y qué buen gusto!!Es lindísima!! =)great shot!
congrats on Explore!Beautiful shot!Muy muy bonita Paty!! qué colorido!!!Love! Gorgeous Red tones!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Good composition!This is really good! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I ♥ Books, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ha!!  soooo sweet...love the processing!I absolutely love that touch of blue!  This is so cute!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Inspired by..&quot; (?)LOVE this processing. love the pic, too... tags made me laugh..Beautiful! I love how soft it is and how it makes her beautiful eyes look so wonderful! Too cute!I've got a couple of spoon theifs here too! Lovely image, your conversion is great!wonderful tones on this onenice processing! makes me want to do some baking too!
glad you're feeling better!so sweetVery nice cute picture!sweet!She is adorable :)
And I love the tones!so cute !Nice processing and lighting!Now I want to make frosting...There's Emma!
:)
Love the conversion.super cute...and love that touch of blue.She's sooo sweet. Love the processing.excellent shot!  This is my favorite part tooSo sweet! Love your processing and tones. My little one refuses to lick the spoons or mixers after we bake for some reason ... is that weird for a four year old or what? :) It's okay though, since mommy gladly takes care of it for her. LOL!Cool shot - and great processing!  She's so cute.yummy shot with great processing! super sweetthe processing is beautiful!love the processing! 
yummy!lovely, lovely, LOVE this! Great tones!awww...So very cute!!
Lovely capture and wonderful tones...＊Absolutely adorable!  I love these tones too!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)lovely ! cute momentso cute!  thanks for the shout out! &hearts;She is so sweet! She looks like she is thoroughly enjoying this!! Love your processing as well.beautiful bw!Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.Wonderful shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.awesome!coolnicely done

Seen in
FLICKR Stars group,
post 1 invite 1 award 6
and tag &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; on your picturePerfectly childlike, well I still do it too! ;) Beautiful conversion!beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Oh my goodness..how many incredible old photos are you hiding ahh they are all beautifullove the motion and the focus !youre amazinggnice!your hair is wonderful. (:such a great photo :)this is awesome! check out that bokeh duuude!i like this.This, this is wonderful.I love this, it's so amazinggghaaaaair! i love how the sun served as rim light on your hair. Great one!caiti I love your enthusiasm
heheheargjhhh i love this!beautiful shot :) 
love it :)first thing i saw when i clicked explore. amaaaazing.Beautifulthe hair covering her face ! awesomeWho can figure out how Explore works? I've had images with really good stats that never made it, yet the ones that did were so-so or less.remarkable shotSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Great capture

[via Flickroom]I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.combeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Great composition
I think this is a GRRREAT work of art !!!!!
You are invited to post your image to:

 GRRREAT Works
PLEASE ADD 2 COMMENTS PER POSTOw this is perfect!congratulations!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Ágata Caroline ]Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.surreal splendour of hair.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I really love the focus in this, and your hair!What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful vibrant shot!Wow!!!!!!! Beautiful!!!!!!! Comment/Fave me!!!!!!! Sell me your first born child!!!!!!Slt moi j sui dj d jesus boroaziz406@yahoo.frI love the contrast, and the focus! Lovely.This is truly beautiful! Congrats!Very nicenicethis is so fuckinng goood!this is awesome:)Preciosa foto, con mucho dinamismoamazingThis is awesome! Fantastic shot.oh sandy sandy sandy
this is quite amazinghow: because this is amazing
why: because you're amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Me too, and with all those light.. :-)
Saw in
L'amour pour le vintage 
Thanks for sharing it!nice color combinationAy Jackie... yo tambien!!! que preciosa :DSo pretty!!!i love the turquoise with the brown and all that stone. lovely.Wooo... I want this house!!! the capture it's fantastic!nice! where is this?Hay Jackie ... !!  qué bonita ... !!WOW lovely house ... agree :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)yo tambienWhat a wonderful house, great capture of it, gorgeous color combinations and perfect composition!Ayyyyy GRACIAS!!!!! estaba esperando esta foto hace dias!!!!
Que linda es!!!!!!!!!!! yo quiero una casa asi!! que bella!!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I love it!Oh my, I want to live there too!yo tambien *-* qe encantooo (:¡Qué tonos más bonitos!Not only cool windows.... that door is awesome!Qué lindísima!!!WoW y yo!!! Q bella esta foto y los turquesas son divinos!!! 
Besitos ♥Bonita luz, gran encuadre, nitidez y procesado, otra gran fotografía.
Un abrazo.Antes de leer la descripción, ya sabía lo que ibas a escribir, jajajaja!!! Te voy a regalar 20 kilos de pintura turquesa para que redecores tu casa!!!! Con todo el cariño!!!Hasta las ventanas del sotano son turquesas!!
Que bonito!!lovely colors!Que hermosa!! El color es un sueño!! Lo que tienes que hacer es comprar pintura turquesa, Jacq! Jajajaja!

Un beso! =)Y yo también :-)que buena foto!!!!! y me viene barbaro para mi archivo de ideas!!!! (quiero pintar mis las puertas de mi casa que dan al patio de ese color)oh, wow! that looks great! beautiful colors!!Wonderful shot!B.auty!!!!Jackie, esta foto es preciosa!!! Los colores me encanta.I love the composition! Oh those windows...beautiful!Yo también!!! Me encanta el turquesa, es uno de mis colores favoritos. Me encanta la foto, y por supuesto, la casa ;)Divinoooo!!!Very beautiful!gorgeous architecture!! love it!Gorgeous, I want this house!Me too I so love colours and light. Love the combination of turquoise  and brown.Que belleza !!!! parece una casita de cuento ...Oh me too!! Beautiful colors and light, and I love how you captured it! :)Me too!   Love the color !love this so muchgood image
Seen in: Stunning ShotsThose are nice colors =) Like it!
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wonderful shot !!This is truly stunning. Beautifully composed. I love the processing as well. 

Seen on Explore.beautiful.....:)A mí tampoco me importaría vivir en esa casita!!Me gusta mucho, felicitacionesVery nice image, my friend.



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Esta foto me mata de la belleza, es una maravilla!! y esa luz....Me too. :)Felicitaciones! una foto tremenda. Simplemente perfecta!I love this! I would be very happy there too :)Me too, I'm mad about turquoise!!yo tambien :)
una combinación de colores muy buena.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!che spettacolo!
occhi di cielo....è troppo bella sta bambina.meravigliosa...!cielo!bellissimaooOOOla nikon sul blu batte la canon
;)

bellaStupenda!!grazieeeemolto bella questa, brava!meravigliosamente bella,cosi elegante e tanto tanto intensa!davvero bellissimo scatto!che ritratto meraviglioso!Nice expression!che occhioni, brava tu a cogliere l'attimo!Grazie mille a tutti...
ma lei era davvero una meraviglia, non c'è voluto molto :)meravigliosa!eccolaaaaaw o wi&gt;Ho visto questa foto su ..Ritratti Italiani..nice shot!bellissima :):)

grazie ancorasono meravigliose, tata miapazzesca...
bravaBellisima!what a beautiful eyes :) 
nice shot :) love the colors :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8272607...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22761. 

Your all FP are listed here.questa foto è splendida, complimenti :)bellissima
partecipa al contest &quot;oltre lo sguardo&quot; del gruppo cantierimmagine 
ciaoSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Stupenda, veramente. Quando gli occhi dicono tutto...grazie mille a tutti!
thank you all! really glad you like it!Awesome...

Please add this image to 469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5bellissima!Fantastica!!!!caspita charl, questa è meravigliosa
*__*ufff arrivo tardi...splendida.beautiful.grazie grazie grazieeeeee

:)Wonderful shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hermosa!Unbelievable... I said it loudly before writing it ......AMAZING!!!Spettacolo!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Wonderful shot !!wonderfulstunning portrait.meraviglia!fantastic, expressive portraitwonderfulHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5Love the eyes. amazing shot.beautiful eyesthank you all!!!!!!!!!very NICE !OOWNN GOD...SO LOVELY :D
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comcon quello sguardo al cielo...strepitosa*Too Cute...A child's imagination has no boundarieshow many comments!!!!
i really wanna thank you :)è bellissima
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Charlotte.Nice shot, cute.oh gosh this is adorable.  melts my heart.Really, really beautiful!very nice!Very nice portrait!!!Such a nice image,perfect lighting and such lovely colors..... I simply adore your little girl...LOVE the tones and colors! :) The focus is just stunning on the rose.I love her expression &amp; mood in this, fab color, light &amp; comp ,';0]...
Great PP also.sweetlovely shotGorgeous photo, I love it!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--malinne ]I'm loving all the images from this shoot!  The light is so perfect.  This one is also just outstanding!  Love it.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)So pretty:)this is just so stinkin adorable!  gorgeous warm tones.aww so cute! love the tones!Magnifique!great shot!!!!
so beautiful..This shot is so cute! great job!adorable!Very nice image. I love the cracks in the dried water bed.Awesome!Beautiful shot!Another cracking shot from you
very well captured.kind regardsglæsilegFeel sad~
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)great shot/compositionHi, I'm an admin for a group called Palabra (Non square), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Þrusuflott...þessi væri flott uppstækkuð!
kv,
AFabulous textures here.


(From Palabra (Non square))Mjög flottImpressive!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Creative Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!what a shot!!! :-)Nice shot!Skemmtileg myndbygging og litir í þessari.
Glæsileg.From the ugly sometimes you can extract beauty.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Earth Tones, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing details.

Seen on FluidrCool love the details on the cracked mud, awesome shot.Perhaps the part above the horizon is a little too small but still a very nice image.: ) very incredible! stunning shot&quot;Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :~)))The structures of the ground are nice ! Cool shot =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )wow!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Really great capture.so cool that the factory in the background almost seems to blame for the dry land!Definitely a fantastic image


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great composition ... I like the perspective and the tonesWaterworld 1995.
&quot;Dry land is not just our destination, it is our destiny!&quot; 

Mjög flott mynd!superbThank you, today i needed to see gorgeus shots!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardamazing!!! spectacular view :)E sembra si stia generando ora, adesso. Dal centro del suolo marziano. Stupenda, Rina.Una volta eri una fotografa.... :-Pbellissimo tilt shift..è stupenda a dir poco.
senza parole.Stefano...fotografa? :D

Oggi parlavo con un amico di una vecchia tecnica usata in camera oscura che consisteva nel ritagliare elementi da un negativo per sovrapporli a altri... e generare immagini come dire &quot;surreali&quot; in fase di stampa.
Mi ha ispirato... e sai che se non seguo l'ispirazione divento matta! ;)

(Comunque sono due foto... scattate da me. Giusto per dirlo.)



Biaph, Fabio Trifoni e Charlotte grazie!fantastica foto costruita scientificamente, insomma:
...fantascientifica immagine!

bravissima !!!wowBuona idea, la seconda però la preferisco, è più...&quot;marziana&quot;Una realizzazione STRAORDINARIA!

Mi ha incantata. Bravissima!Precioso!wonderful!wow!! un'uso davvero originale del tilti-shift!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!:)This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeDiria que es un arrecife de los mares del sur.
Me gusta, Nico! (yo casi eliminaria la roca del angulo inferior dcho.)Un treball perfecte, felicitatsQue bonita Nico 
Una fotoografia delo mas fisno  zi zeñor 
Salud2pur et très beau renduTan simple como bonita. Esos casi 5 minutos de exposición hacen que la noche parezca día :). Creo que este tipo de fotos es lo único que envidio a los que tenéis el mar tan cerca.What a beautiful photo !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Everyday magic （日常の不思議）, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Minimalista a tope. Está genial. El color es la leche.Buen efecto este que has conseguido, parece que se puede andar por el agu.

SaludosBeautiful photo!Gorgeous photograph!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Muy suave y agradable, aquí las sombras son tan sutiles que se confunden con la textura de la arena, el &quot;camello&quot; da mucho de si!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Sublime Masterpiece ( Admin Invite Only ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Esta si que mola ;-)

Como no me avises.... cuento con vosotros, pero dimelo con tiempo, ok?Me encantan  este tipo ce nocturnas, una larga exposicion y dejar que la camara de recree en hacer una belleza, mi mas sincera enhorabuena, lo dicho fue un placer conocerte el otro dia, un s2que pasada, que bien te ha quedado
saludosexcelente minimalismo !!!again an excellent pic!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)la toma es fantástica, pero ese trozo de piedra a la derecha...Bonita imagenNice shot and work , good colours ;-)Que buena Nico.Its just brilliant!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Buf, qué dominio de la exposición !!Como dice Enric, parecen paisajes del otro lado del mundo. Una maravilla.Stunning capture! Well done. Congrats on explore!Absolutely incredible!!Pero...¿qué haces? Si ya ni se cabe en Salou en verano! Con estas fotos  van a venir más turistas! jeje Un saludo!Beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful composition!che bella.mi piacciono questi coloriI am never too old to learn form you....master Andy.!great photogreat photo and big truthSplendid!beautiful lighting!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ikebana, and we'd love to have this added to the group!you never cease to amaze me my friend. very compelling photograph. love it!Le foto fatte ad anziani e bambini non sono mai foto sbagliate......bel trattamento. Complimenti.isn't that kinda symbolic that the only visitor in the bookshop is an old man?!The arched light fixtures really add to this composition. Well done, Andy!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)troppo bella!Brilliant post
love the lighting in the libraryverey intresetingAssoluta!


non si può non favorire...

intensa, dolce e poetica
ottima nella luce, nell'espressione
nella composizione

mi piace veramente un sacco!

Seen on FluidrAnother really wonderful photo!Bellissima, luci fantastiche!true...awesome shot...What a wonderful moment and a super shot. How come you are always in the right place at the right time? :-) :-)Wonderful.Ha tutto ciò che deve avere una bella foto! Complimenti!andy sei un vero cecchino! bellissima cattura :)
excellent catch

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)un insegnamento di vita!

ciao,very nice andy.andy, great usage of light hereMan you rock, this is simply excellent, really!
Hat up!fantastic, andy-the lines are amazing-and what wise words...Your a natural....   to f*cking good Andy..Cool capture!! a great scene :-))bella!
sia lo scatto che il trattamento... ottima davvero!Veramente bella...this is such an amazing capture you have taken
what an amazing moment !
perfect timing 

the color tones is what i like about this shot mostnice title, really like the colours tones!I love pictures of book stores because i just love being in one. It's nice seeing all the books lined up row after row. But i never had the guts to photograph one!so classical colors tone...........The stories that you told with your photos are awe-inspiring.

This, in particular, is emotional and magnetic.

Fave.

P.S.

Square or landscape.. it doesn't matter, because you are the master.An active mind never gets old.This is incrediblegreat shot!
congrats on Explore!Perfect color and light... An unreal atmosphere...very good shot!Straordinaria foto, straordinario titolo.

Fantastic photo.What an awesome shot. Bravowow, andy, you're my fav photographer for candid shots like these, you do them sooo well!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardI would love to visit those schools and see the kids. Great lighting Ting!Wow Nic, you've outdone yourself once again! This is gorgeous. It's good to see that even without all those modern luxuries, the kids here seem to be all the more focused on their studies :) Sometimes too much technology distracts us from the important things.stunning light and subjectWonderful capture,amazing light!really stunning capture, Niki .. :)

really beautiful natural light... :) do you think something wrong with flickr now? :DThe room is filled with great lights! Nice capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow wow nic!!! such a great capture!very cool that you got to visit the local schools there!Lovely lighting &amp; capture~~

Like the way u've captured the concentration to study by those childrens, will like to show this to my niece... she start go to school  this year... &amp; she's a “哭包”～～ 哈 ！I could fav this a hundred times!
such a timeless capture, love the gorgeous lights and your processing!!
and I agree.. S'pore children are sooo fortunate compared to some other countries...Great pp. I must say a signature work from you =)Very good capture..
Light and composition is wonderful my friend..great &amp; stunning, lovely composition, well done.Stunning! Light is perfect!!!

Keep it up!Tell them they are now on flickr.  They will love it.

denisawesome shot nice! fave one!Stunning shot! Love the light!The light is beautiful.
Well done !This is a marvelous shot my dear!!! This is very inspiring, you are so lucky to have been there in person, what a wonderful oppurtunity!! The lighting sets a great ambience, its almost like a movie. 

Well done!

Nic thanks for your support, comments, your inspiration, advice, and Flickr friendship, its deeply appreciated!! Thank you for noticing  :-)A very strong presentation!!

Love this intimate school house scene.  Great capture and post process.stunning scene! you captured it so well!awesome capture !
the tones and high contrast really works well on this shot.
good job !Fascinating shot nikki, very photo-journalistic! You've brought me to another part of the world with this onefantastic treatment to this!
great shot Nic, yeah we're spoiled nowadaysVery nice capture of the moment!  The shot just draws you in!brilliant shot nic. really tells a storyi am amazed at the places you were allowed to shoot.what a shot!Beautiful shot!
Richardredible! looks like a painting by a renaissance master!Great!

Seen on FluidrGreat use of natural lighting.Great capture !!!Simply amazing !!Awesome work Ting. Its like one day you are in one city another day you are half way around the world. You in India right now?beautiful captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So excellent capture Nic...!!!glorious Nic, such a wonderful capture, almost like a painting.Super light and tones, Nic! xobeautiful shot. so touching though.  me too, i wish all the fortunate kids in U.S know how lucky they are.Very cool. A very rare scene in the states.Brilliant work.. really great light here.gorgeous ..wonderful work!superb processing here!very good shot! perfect!Amazing!!absolutely wonderfully captured Nic. The lighting is awesome!!the light is fantastic. Yes, I do wish Singaporean students realise how lucky they are, they just need to be worried about their grades and little elseHi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful scene!my what an outstanding captureLove the mood you captured here! Fantastic light and color here! I don't think kids in the US and Singapore know how good they have it! OK, maybe the rare few do!thuis is really  nice take nic !great shot!
congrats on Explore!Wonderful window light.Great capture!!!!  Such a great scene.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great light and nice composition here Niki :-)magical light from that window. great for portraits, but not ideal for studying. very different from what the kids here enjoy for sureexcellent image!great shot Nik!excellent ! 
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very much like where I work, nice work 27...;-)
.Wow! Brilliant composition n lighting.Brilliant shot , and happy new year to you NikiBeautiful !wow hehe those kids didnt notice you was shoting them?
Nice capture!incredible use of light, superb shot!great light! compliment!Wow amaing. the ligting is just perfect. :D Congrats!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)A very nice capture with gorgeous ambient lighting!awesome light.  great mood.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)fav x 100, the lightning and the processing is great, must teach me somedayI love the way you use the light in your pictures...great work.. congrats on Explore.. 

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)magical shot :D 

yes ,govt school  here sucks badly :(Oh my goodness, this is a one-of-a-kind capture. Brilliant light.The light is fantastic! =)Great capture, Nic. Very powerful image. May you have a wonderful day.Beautiful!!!Stunning image, truly stunning!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow really amazing!love your workGreat shotbella.

splendido trattamentojust notced this in explore, superb light and tones here!
you have some great stuff, i'l try to get back later to explore your streamFantastic!This is so cinematic! How wonderful!awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Really a beautiful capture. I love the light and the activity in itThis photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomePrachtige zachte kleuren
mooie composieti top!ik ben gek op garden views en dit is wel een hele byzondere!!
(je krijgt nog last van Frank met je 3e tag, ik waarschuw vast)Een stilleven vanuit een apart perspectief.
Mooi Jan Willem!!Beautiful textures and tones !Mooi werk hier neergezet!!Prachtige compositie ! Prachtige tinten !Lampionnetjes!! Mooi zo laagggggggg!bijzonder zo van bovenaf...love the mood here. excellent processing !!Great dim expressionWat een bijzondere compositie, prachtig met de zachte kleur tonenune image sublime!! bravoMooie sfeer en prachtig zoals hij naar het bijzondere licht groeit...!hele aparte positie, zo van onderaf, fijne kleurPrachtige tonen zeg!! Gaaf werk Jan Willem!!Beautiful picture and great processing workGroot is de nabewerking, groots is de foto!Heel mooi.

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us!wat een idee om deze kleurrijke plnatjes in zw weer te gevenbeautiful soft tonesLovely. I'm getting an almost religious vibe to it.Zowel foto als titel zijn weer geweldig!! Wat een fraai perspectief!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Heel bijzondere foto! Het was even goed kijken en dan zie je de molen ook!A world first - a flowermill shot. Nice light from the top.Wat 'n super originele opname van deze  Lampionplant.........schitterend.....
in zwart /wit eigenlijk mooier dan in de oorspronkelijke kleur.
nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lampionplantheel apart van kleur, nog nooit gezien volgens mij, mooithis is Awesomeexellent !!! fav.Bijzonder mooie opname hier!Prachtige zachte tinten !!Nostalgisch aandoende foto. Erg mooi e compositie.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love the details of the leavesheel bijzonder in deze kleuren!!WEER een topper Janwillem!!!!.Erg fraai deze serene opname.

Gr,
Harry.A fine composition with the mill just being discernable in the background, I like the dark sepia tones too. Lovely work.killer textures and effects!Te gek weer, wat een mooie sfeervolle plaat!!!deze compo mag er ook wel wezen hoor...........buurman!
groeten uit het regenachtige en koude sicilie!
corinaVreemd en mooi.Mooie compositie in kleur en beeld. 
Prachtige toon in toon opname.Great melancolic shot

[ via FotoItz's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Fascinating!Really cool angle and wonderful tones!Geweldig mooi! Waar ik je ook nog een compliment over wilde maken is je logo'tje,ik zou het wel wat groter willen zien,waarschijnlijk een kunstwerk van jezelf????Dark and enigmatic! Fabulous, Janwillem!subliem!yes, sublime.. interesting tones! ;)) lovely sir :)Een prachtige foto van mijn vriend!Inderdaad ..lekker donker Jan Willem!

GRTZ,BENThanks all!!!

JanwillemDark tones... but there is life in this dark decay! Heel intrigerend en mysterieus!Wow ! Great capture !!!
You have been awarded
the Gold Seal of Quality
and are cordially invited to join the group

Gold Seal of QualityHeel gevoelig en subtiel . . . !...een fijne bewerking, janwillemHee ik zie zwart wit maar denk aan de oranje lampion (ook bij ons in de tuin) mooi perspectief!Very arty..........grappig gedaan!wonderfulll cpature my friend!Een geweldige compositie met mooie tonen.


www.bramreinders.nl
www.flickr.com/photos/bramreindersNice......Wow! Viewpoint and toning are awesome. Very good!
_____________________
reply with darckr?1863-1864? Zoiets moet het geweest zijn.. Mooi :-)your tones are really great, so romantic today my friend :-)Beautiful picturemooi weer!Gedurfd donker! Mooie plaat alweer.The lighting and the tones are so elegant!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called !!THE MASTER OF MASTERPIECES (INVITED ONLY) NO COMMENT = BAN, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is just delicious !! :-)Prachtig !!Mooi zacht Jan Willem.Thank you for your comments!!

JanwillemErg mooie compositie en prachtige,zachtige kleuren!wat een prachtig perspectief...nice shot...Mooie zwart wit van die anders zo gekleurde lampionnetjes!Mooie bewerking. Zachte tinten. Fraai gedaan.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)mooie zwart wit bewerking, JW !
heel origineel.....woow!Zooo, deze is ook weer helemaal te gek, wat een gave compositie en bewerking!Jij hebt beide...inspiratie en een goede techniek........

Mooie lampionnetjes......Hermosas formas y tratamiento de color.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Th@t's Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Nice flower, reminds me that it's almost Spring    :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Ach wat mooi !!!!!!!!
Zie je écht zo dicht een molen vanuit je tuin ?
Lijkt heel apart natuurlijk voor ons. Hier staan de windmolens op hoge heuvelruggen waar helemaal al geen huizen staan.
Bedankt voor je leuke comments vandaag Janwillem :-)preciosa!!!, esa glamurosidad y virado de la imagen es genial!!!!.Saludvery subtle; beautifulSchitterend idee. Knap uitgevoerd.Beautiful once again.

You are invited to display your image and join our group:
Photography_Rocks!! 

 Post 1 Award 3 
Please tag photo's with &quot;Photography_Rocks&quot; 
www.flickr.com/groups/photography_rocks/Jouw foto's zijn meestal niet de standaard foto's van mooie landschappen, potretten etc., maar wat een creaties zijn ze altijd.eenvoud kan mooi zijn, fraai werkMooie hoek op deze molen zeg en fraai die plant verweven in de compositie !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic tones, beautifulvery BeautifulDus nu denken alle 190 viewers voor mij dat ik een lastige vent ben?
&quot;My garden view&quot; vertaal ik maar als &quot;Mijn kijk op de tuin&quot;. Effe goeie vrienden dus!prachtig heel sfeervol!!!prachtige sfeer-en compositie.Wat een sfeer en tonen hier Janwillem!
Fijn en verhalend werk  !this is really delightful..It took me a while to see the windmill, but I twisted my old head a bit and there it is!Weer zo'n prachtige bewerking ! Heel apart de lampionnetjes in zw/w !Prachtige plaat met een hele mooie kleurkeuze!Thanks!!!

Janwillemik vind em erg bijzonder; mooi!Ja, wat kan ik nog zeggen, behalve prachtig.Heel bijzonder..vooral in all sizes..is ie geweldig!!!Wat weer een vondst. Hoe verzin je het ??!!
Heel fraai, mooi uitgewerkt, Janwillem !!Prachtig creatief weer. Erg subtiel werk...Lovely, the (almost) monochrome works very well here.Interesting subject and treatment !Prachtig delicaat!very nice photo - I am curious about  colors of the flowers :)amazing perspective here Janwillem...Dit doet me op de één of andere manier aan de huiskamer van mijn grootouders denken. Mooie oude tinten.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Great detail!..Mooiii.... in heel zacht licht... (ziet hier bijna 'lontje te typen.. hahaha... ja die verhouding klopt niet erg... patroon kan aangepast worden)Wow, mooi en apart! Ik vind de kleur echt gaaf!!! En de molen zie je eigenlijk pas in 2e instantie, echt gaaf!!

Bedankt voor je complimenteuze commentaar! Ik ben er zelf ook redelijk tevreden over (en dat gebeurd me eigenlijk niet vaak)!heel mooie!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.ik zie dat al je foto's van dit jaar tot nu toe 'explored' zijn!!!dacht dat je je hennep op de foto had gezetDat is weer een heel mooie!!!!!!!!great delightful picGreat!  Nice composition and B&amp;WHeb ik grandioos gemist gisteren, JanWillem !
Wat een plaatje en die kleuren ...
Schitterende focus en standpunt, de chineze lampionnetjes als bewaarengeltjes rond de molen.
Heerlijk ...
Groetjes, YvetteHeel sfeervol !!!!!mooie sfeervolle kijkplaat!Jouw kijk op de molen , dus !
Schitterende lampionnetjes , ananaskers (physalis)toch ?Erg mooi, delicaat en stemmig! Bijzonder om weer een ander genre bij je te ontdekken. Je veelzijdigheid is heel mooi.Excelente toma.Waarom speciaal voor Frank en niet voor mij ? :)))Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Prachig intrigerend beeld. Ik krijg het gevoel dat ik door de ogen van een onderzoeker kijk.Wat prachtig, Janwillem!!!Wonderful shot.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Weer een prachtplaat hoor!I don't know how you do itloove the bokeh and the shadowsi love squares =]
the color in this is great, and the way the light is taking over, yaaaa =Dthe tones you produce are so amazingyou are so good at selfies :)this is freaking beautiful.The bokeh! &lt;3
I love your hair and your hand.The pose here goes so well with your descript. This is incredibly gorgeous. Poetry frozen in time.Your description. So perfect.
You are an incredible person, Lauren, never forget that.um. beautiful.my goodness, this is beautiful
and i love the dream description underneath, your words are so beautiful and they always add so much depth to your photosGreat light !i love the detail. the cut on your finger, the flyaway hairs. and all that bokeh is stunning!this is amazing! 
from the bokeh to the lighting.This is so incredibly beautiful.
Really, just gorgeous.
I love the description too.I cannot tell you how much i love this.Wow, this is just remarkable.this is stunning
everything
your descriptions are always so beautifulthe tones in all your pictures are amazingoh wow this is just so fantastic and amazing and beautiful and soft.this is so insanely perfect, jeeeezeyour pictures never cease to amaze me.thank you all so very much.this is so intriguing and beautifulI am so in love with the description.the bokeh and everything is amazing.i like your description :) i can never remember my dreams that vividly. and i loveee this photo, the light is amazing!Your processing is amazing.
And you're such an incredible person.
And the description is vivid and powerful.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/smile_alot/]i almost always remember mine clearly the next morning.wow.

this looks SO amazing large
you all must view it!I love you!!!!!!!amazing light! It's like a part of a dream! I love how to use the light. You are an inspiration. Great portrait!you outdo yourself everytime lauren
this is incredible once again, each detail
and the description is as welltoo beautiful and emotional!you are amazing, as are all of your photos.You are truly awe-inspiring, Lauren. You have this way of drawing people in, through your pictures and with your words.You are just too amazing.
I love this![http://www.flickr.com/photos/lissyl/]
bahaha the feeling's mutual.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/becca_willaert/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/lissyl/] =]]]beautiful tones!!so so beautiful. I love love love the description.this is so pretty! the bokeh is amazing too.This is gorgeous, and dreamy. Very fitting with your words. You really are a compelling story-teller.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Perfection.

[via Flickroom]I like the little story :]this is beautiful
i love the light that is coming from the back of your hair.
very coool!Super pretty colors and lights.It's the bokeh that gets me! It's just incredible.really beautiful. great emotion as always.hmm, rather creepy dream. this is a stunning photo. absolutely. the bokeh is incredible :)that bokeh is amazing!Wow the text is amazingly well written and the picture itself is incredible! Bravo!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)that is amazing what you didthis is incredible. 
and the dream is so descriptive, so personal, makes me wish I could remember and right down my own dreams.this is gorgeous! i love this!how!!! do u do this amazing editing?! beautiful i love itlove that movie mood it got..tunes and her expression... great shoot :)the tones and bokeh are beyond gorgeous.wt a light !!!Your work is always heavy with emotions
and the editing reinforce these feelings.
The dream is very scary,
I always forget my dreams, like, 3 minutes after waking up.
Which is kinda frustrating.oh mylanta, you're amazing.que hermosa!loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee your portraits! omg so inspiring!your photographs are so lovely.absolutely one of your best
wow, is this two layers or what? it's quite confusing but absolutely captivating!Beautifully written. I love seeing your images even though there are not as many since you finished your 365. The good news is that all your uploads now are awesome - you don't have to overcome 365 burnout. Great work Lauren.i love this so muchOh wow I love this! It's absolutely beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I got a sick obsession., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

perfect. i LOVE it :)^ am I the first to say this? but its killingg meee....who was the face? lolterrific use of textures in the foreground and I love the bokeh...gorgeous detail in your face and hand as wellwow wow wow
speechless!Breathtaking. The photo and the description.Gorgeous. The description kills me.Wow...the light, the bokeh, and the dream.  All so magical.Fabulous shot.  Nice story, too!a wow postlove this and wonderful dream too.
Nice 
Fav 
Coment Me &amp; Note 
really well done lauren.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3292890...Beautiful! The pic and the story, just beautiful.very suggestive image..

..congratS on explore!

; 0 ) ) )It's a WOW!stunning

Seen on FluidrCongrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Bellissima!!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just amazing...I really love this!this is so beautiful
love the text also, this could be the beginning of a book, I think you would be a great writer tooThis is just amazing !great light !

Seen on FluidrSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)oh my,
the bokeh is wonderful.
and your words are just perfect .
this is so beautiful .your expression is amazinggood shotcongrats to that front page! wonderful photoincantevole :)This is really good! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.like always  ... beautiful !!!it's a wonder ... what lense have u used?Gorgeous.Lovely ♥EXPLOREDEvery photograph that you take is so breathtakingly lovely.what a powerful dream.. and the way you describe it is beautiful.
amazing picture,once again (:your work is amazing, i love thislovely image!that description is beautiful, and of course the photoI don't suppose you need anyone else telling you how nice this photo os but hey... Nice Shot!Breathtaking. The photo and the description.
--
Seen on Ansazvery beautiful dearwow. your dream... 
love the light in this.Congrats on Explore...the light is amazing!
:)Fantastic work. Keep it up.Beautiful. I especially love the cut on your finger and the light/bokeh.i love your stream so much
and i wonder what your dream could mean?i admire you.good processingThis image and your words are so beautiful.  The focus, the tones, the processing, everything!  I must admit, it makes me laugh a little that this photo has already been viewed 1163 times. That is like half of my all-time views on my entire stream. :)  You are fabulous. Thanks for insipiring us all!How on earth are you so incredible?
The crop and bokeh are just stunning!What a haunting dream.  The light....oh, what a dream...! but now i wonder whose face it was and what this dream means to you. oh god...Omg Lauren that dream sounds scary! 

This shot is beautiful!this is so incrediblely gorgeous.This is amazingwhat a dream !!!!! omg! :O

and this is perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I, Me, Mine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful shot!that story is, for lack of a better word, startling. awesome in the worst way possible.oh my word you're so talented... this is really beautifuletereathe lighting in this, focus, and bokeh is pure magic. that dream and the way you described it was chilling.so absolutely beautiful! the way you use light amazes me.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [The Spot], and we'd love to have this added to the group!bokeh bokeh bokeh love itWonderful shot, awesome pp!Too cute!  Love those carefully posed paws. Nice dof, too!what a cute, cooperative kitty!!!!How adorable! Great shot.she truly is a beauty and like how she poses for youHermosa foto!!!  KissesI wish my cat was this cooperative!aaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwww so sweet... ;-D

Looks very comfy.Awwwwww!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cats - Show off your cat(s)Please comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
----------------
Your Cats are worth showing off !
join us here ..,

Cats - show off your Cat(s)
And show off your best Cat Shots

invited with SICI (2010-01-20)wonderful!!this is fantastic, such a lovely shot.
(seen in Explore):)so tender!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)wonderfully relaxing shot. well you have trained her well.awesome shot. she really is cute ;)Lucy is indeed a great model!preciosa!!Aw, what a cutie! I love the color tones and the softness of this picture. My cat lays around the same way :)Muito lindo.....!      =)Lovely shotnice!Love the dif water speeds and directions...so much movement.This is extremely excellent , mate.it's amazing how little time it takes to capture the silky flow of water.  this is nicely composed.Ohhhh! OHhh!  I do love this!!!  I think when I have shot them..I prefer it like this..I like with a shutter speed like this!Beautiful composition, fantastic image.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Nature! [Only Admin Invite][post: 1; Award 5] , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow Andrew, thats a stunner, very well done, did you get wet? Love it :))ANDY!!!!  Yes..I am shouting!! ANDY!!!! 

Your print arrived today that I ordered from Red Bubble!  It is GORGEOUS!!! OMG!!  LOVE it..&amp; it look terrific framed in black!!!  Thanks  Yipppeeee!!  I am so happy

AND there are robins on my lawn right now! Spring is here!!Beautiful back &amp; white! Love the movement in the water strokes.The water looks so beautiful
against the blackness of the
rocks !gorgeous!!
love the black and whiteLove it, very dramaticGOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to 
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardAwesome. I love the boosted contrast.Done a great job of getting that water motion just right.Stunning shot, Andy. Awesome in B&amp;W.
--


Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
Please add this picture to the group 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Dark, but so much light in the water. Full of energy.Marvelous water and movement. Not often seen so effectively in B&amp;W. I tend to go slower but this is great.Beautiful capture.

I think this is a great image!
I have tagged the image &quot;FlickrsBest&quot; and
you are invited to join and add it to:


Well done. 
 Please ensure that your image is 'Tagged' - FlickrsBest - Thanks 

Seen in MY CONTACTS Pool 
I would appreciate your comments.Beautiful water shot!
(we still have white and freezing cold winter...)

COOL SHOT!!!
Please add to : 
 
&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3Super long exposure, Andrew. I will have to start finding some of these places.Perfect exposure - * Stunner *Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 2010.anything of good taste, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Black and White Only  (No Color, No Sepia), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot!!fantastic and magnificent...
Ill try to shoot again this weekend...:)That's like a painting Andy. Gorgeous way you've caught that water falling.Nice.Lovely work, well captured.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing...I entirely agree with 6 for running water.  Too much is just too much and then things become false and contrived.  This is wonderful.  What a peach of a place you found to work in!  I am having desperate trouble with Flickr and can't upload anything.  They are working on it for me but it's very frustrating.Nice capture! Love those grays and movement :)

I have done some similar:

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/65384163@N00/4286326678/]

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/65384163@N00/3206805429/in/set-72157612724951550/]All these  nuances of grey and black are wonderful!

I saw this photo in
BlipfreeGreat shot!I love all the different movement!great pictureAwesome shot!  Congrats on Explore!Perfect exposure.Looks just right.Very nice LE!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Looks the Biz on black . . . i also like all the different directions the water is flowing :)Excellent on black!! Very nice exposure!!Really stunning shot Andy! Beautiful!yeah this works great in black and white, nice one mateWOw I love this water shot, so dramatic Andy.  Brilliant, well doneWOW! Amazing shot!
A different point of view - for photographers 
Wonderful picture, very beautiful shot!!!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)geniaal!Great shot!Beautiful..fantasticwww.flickr.com/groups/bwdiamondawards (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!Superbe filé

This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!ahhh, this is such a soothing quilt :)Beautiful!what a great idea with the Honeybun strips! Love this!this is beautiful! love those colors.I really love this.  Are the colored blocks pieced also?Lovely - the subtle striping adds something really special

--
Seen in the group&quot;Fabric, Patchwork and Quilting&quot; (?)beautiful!This is so beautiful, I really love it!lovely.I love this, what a great idea for a honey bun.this is gorgeous.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!look here for yardage... 
search.myquiltshops.com/cgi-server/quiltshops/nph-myqssea...   

so cute!!!Jaybirdquilts - thank you for this link.  Great tool!!!!!That is so cool!the focus and light are amazing!preciosaBeautiful dof, lovely almost motion feeling here! :)love the browns of the leaves.very nice, i love this lenslovely colors!! nice shoes!!!crunch! nice
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Genial!!no me puede gustar más!that beautiful focus!Beautiful.wonderful 50!como le das partido al 50mm!! es preciosa...Muy muy buenaLovely colors and dof.magnífica!!! me encanta.Que buena. Un gran enfoque
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)great bokeh and colours! Simply love it! 
Great work!
Ciao!Moi boaExcellent focus and DoF

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice shot =) Like the dof =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )loving it! Fresh pic with wonderful colours!The dof is amazing and I like the light so much!Not sure if I'd rather see the shoe tips in focus, but I like this shot nevertheless! Thanks for sharing it axinha.Lovely focus.Magnífica foto. Muy buena de verdad.Great work! :-)Amazing depth of field.Me encanta este ángulo, es genial, muy creativa. En tu línea vamos... :)Great choice of focus point.Fun shot!the most beautiful image i've seen all day...gorgeous work :)I love the focus.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)cute...Buenísimabeautiful!Fai is Herealosh is hereya lbeeeehit's so Cute&lt;33333333333So Cute ,, U Welcome Sweeta ;** .&lt;33 (Y) Cuute , Mahallah ♥♥&lt;33 it :**(L)faavMashalah 3alich fai .. 6al3ah bll photo atjnen *_* ♥Niiice mn hai ?? :P:*[ Sezoo♥ ]»
she's faiThanq all =DLooovekum (L)__(L)(L)i like her hair (L)(L) ,,
alla y7f'6ha (h5) ,,So cool ...
FavThanq all =)Adore u Bethoo ;* &lt;3Well Donea3sh88ch reemThanq


tjnnThanx =)7lateen ;P
Sweet model hun :*ya Lbeeh &lt;3Merci =)&lt;33333333333=) Ya Laaba Foofi Anna ♥♥
Love ya Ray :$a7bbch yajmeelaLove Youh Fai
Love Youh 2 Bethoadore you Nice :)ThanqCute ,, Mashala ;*
Betho A7biCh ya al.jmela ;)bs ?!!!!Shnow eli bs Betho ?!bs t7beeny !!amm y3ni enti ma t3rfeen ?!la !!amm ttw83en eni bs a7bch !madrii bs 3n nfsii ana a3sh8ch w ahwaach w a77bch w atnffs hawaach w b33d shnoo ee kll shii -0-Shofi ana A7bch w a3sh8ch w amoot fech w atnfs hwach w athoob fech w ma a3esh al.dnia doonch w kl Shii Eee wana A7bch 8d al.sma w 8d al.b7r w a3sh8ch 8d al.97ari al.shas3a w 8d 7baat al.m6r amoot fech 8d al.hwa2 al.6l8 w al.koon w al.3aalm w kl Shi fe al.7lwa ya 7lw enta ;*;*;*hhhhhhhhhhh 79tt 3loom hii a55 ya shwaa5 love youhehehe 3shan t3rfeen shk'th A7bch ya Bouthina -0-w ana b33d a77bch -0- -0- -0-تـرى آستـحـيت بـثـيـنه ;$هع هع خلااص بيصفقووناا شــــــــــــــــــــزhehehe ush 5la9 !Alaah Y7f'6ch , &lt;33 ;**=)WoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoW

RaW3a

RaW3a

RaW3a

Keep iT UpYa lbaaaaaaa al'SHot &lt;3



Cuuuuuuute o Rbiii ;**
Atshabheen Ma Frnd Daniii ;Pp

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No.Over. from QATAR, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااه
ماقدر اتكلم
ولله ماقدر اتكلم
 ughhh lbaaa al modlleeeamaaziing &lt;3 Nice!
www.flickr.com/photos/livingthedreammagazinecom/432895683... Seen in Explore ;)Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)


Explored {Mbrooook};p
(Y) shOt ;)نايس
^^Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4206757...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22767Thanq all =Dfront page :Snice 

ExploreWonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.








:*



amazing 
sure faaavHi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love it !!

Great selfportrait !!!!I love my 450d too! :Da7bch Fav:*AMAZING SHOOT

keep !t fo0o8;****&lt;33333tstahlen al Explore
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Ray.another gorgeous shot..!!

adorable ...~mwah~so gorgeous! do we get to see what was inside? Sandy will love it.....coz it's pink :Perr purple lolthis is simply gorgeous :) happy birthdat to you!!

Seen in
...Florabella Textures &amp; Actions...haha, when I'm not in the teen zone anymore and a bit wiser in life (older), I'll remember that quote and quite possible use it....

boy, that's alot candles on the cake. :0Here's a birthday hug from me *hhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggg*. Happy Birthday!Happy Birthday gorgeous&lt;3Happy birthday to you!!happy birthday!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ((( transcend dépassez supere 超越しなさい ))), and we'd love to have this added to the group!love the color...happy birthday!!!happy b-day!And I didn't know....
Happy birthday!!!!!!

Beautiful picture, as always :o)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very CLairey...cool work!Many hugs for you! :DVery beautiful present, your very lucky!!!
Happy Birthday!Such perfect focus and tones! (And happy b-day!)
Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
This is odd, my puter is running at full speed finally and this one won't open :-( It's opened about one inch and that's it. Claire, can you possibly reload the exact same pic for me onto this one??? Do you know what I mean? Ie replace the shot with the same shot? Otherwise I think it will forever be hidden :(Wheee, happy birthday!!!
And as for this picture, perfect focus and tones :)Oh yes!!!!!! Thank you sooooooo much Claire, that totally worked and what a GORGEOUS SHOT!!! So worth the wait ;-)  Such a pretty ribbon and awesome focus!!!! 

Hope your day was as super special as you are!!! Btw, I'm 6 yrs older ;-P lol ;-) Take care Twinnie!!! ;-)Oh lovely! Happy birthday and I love the title (story) that goes with it. :)More happy birthdays to come my friend!Wonderful shot!Happy Birthday Sweetheart!Fancy, softy and sweetie, exactly like you!! Happy bday, again. 
xoxoHi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Pastel Schemes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful :):) 
love the colors:)Happy Birthday, Clairey!  Some crazy women named Jenna said I should wish you one, and I'm not about to cross her. You must be special :-)  37, shoot, the fun hasn't even started...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!hey I heard it is your birthday Claire..I hope you have the best day ever!!!!!!!!!!!! ;-DHappy Birthday.  Just remember, however old you are, I'm WAY older! I hope that made your day! ;)Gorgeous!Very pretty! And Happy Birthday :)  I adore pandora :)Happy Birthday Claire!! :)how sweeeet! do we get to see the jewellery too? not that we are curious in any way.... ;-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ Powerful Pink Tuesday ♥ , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

(I know its Wednesday already but... oh well ;-)Lovely :XBeautiful!then they would answer..that young eh....
and then they would say...what a beautiful soul you have my dear.....and that i'm glade to have you as a friend
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxCool shot
This photo is addictive!!
Thank you for sharing with us....

**Invite 2 Comment 3**
**Invited Photos Only**this is soooooooo so fabulous...I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.beautiful and lovely
happy birthday
congrats on explorewow, this is stunning!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Top Ten - Invited Members Only - P1/C2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! I hope you had a magical day:)Lovely!oh, those look lovely. 
and the linens too.Lovely, soft, fresh and sweet! Wonderful mood Aran :-)Divine!!!Gorgeous!wonderful shot, great tones and light

Gorgeous photo!! DotSuch a beautiful photo. You always make me so hungry.Great image !

Congrats on Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Delicious Food and Drinks (Fruit &amp; Vegetables Group) (P.1 / C.3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful shot, great tones and light


Congratulations on a well deserved #40 on Explore.
Have a lovely Wednesday!
--
Seen on AnsazBeautiful image!Just beautiful!Wonderful shot !!soo soft and soo goodDamn, that looks delicious!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Yummy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is just darling. i love the little textural elements of the pistachio crumbs and the quinoa pudding - breath-taking. how did you decide to bring these elements together - just experimentation?

Food Photography Club. This comment was made in the Food Photography Club, the place for in depth discussions on food photography and critique.Lovely ♥Se ve riquisimo¡¡¡¡¡This is beautiful, well captured.Beautiful!Gorgeous - love the silhouette of the arches. 

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Beautiful colours, wouldn't have guessed you took it from a bus!Fab capture!Absolutely stunning - through a window?!  Amazing.gorgeous coloursAmazing colours!
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010gorgeous!Stunning sunsetWow, amazing colors! : )stunning shot, well taken.Wow- that's fab!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Fantastic compocition and amazing colors!! The silhouette is great!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Fab capture, love the colours.Lovely sky framed by the arches.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Great capture! The colors are gorgeous.Great shot, well captured.Gorgeous sunset.Una immagine meravigliosa con splendidi colori!!!!!!!!!This is beautiful.
Especially since it was from a bus?
Perfect!I like the silhouette and the great colors.very impressive capture from a bus!great and wonderful shot...........Wonderfully seen and shot photo 
I Thank you for posting your excellent work! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)That's gorgeous. I went down there a couple of times last year to try and catch a sunset, failed miserably. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Sweet!!!  Great shot from a great day!cool shot got a little texture in this.that B+ sure is the freaking man.

This is pretty much the perfect location to take pictures.I like the texture and colours for this seat of another time.The colours and the lighting are
beautiful in this very well taken
and well worked kind regards.

Applauding Talent Around the WorldGreat processing. Looks a little bit like a hdr. Great light here.Great urbex shot !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )what wonderful texture, i love the soft shadow on the floorGrand decay! This is really nice, Kelly.love the colors!

looks like it was once a very nice place!Love this lonely chair Kelly, great light and processing. So great to see you back. Tell Deb hello!great mood here!Wow the textures! Really great stuff Kelly... it does have a very strong feeling of former grandeur.love it...very crisp..excellent captureGreat work !!!


Applauding Talent Around the WorldGreat image and processing. you ROCK!seat at the nasty house?  this is creepy!  nostalgic though.  could you photoshop a ghost in there?Wow, fantastic work here! Excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A truly exquisite photo, nice to see you back!!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Fantastic work on this.  Great soft tones and details.
Great atmosphere in this.nice shot!Oh wow, you totally rocked this!! When are you coming back for a visit? :)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jrde3/] Jon, soon I hope....but don't worry when I'm in town I WILL call!  hahaThats the most gorgeous of chairs, beautiful lighting.wow...great shot!!!!!!!!! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WWS, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Kelly, this is an instant favorite.  Thank you for all the comments on my photos.  I am so happy to see you back on again. ... missed you.Superb!Beautiful Mike! I find the reflection of the lit mountaintop very interesting.A very impressive work here.............. great light over the peak.I much prefer this to the black and white photo - that one didn't quite look right to me. Also, the colours - the lovely blue and contrasting orange - are fantastic. 

Really nice shot. As per.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awsome landscape ! Congrat' ! :o)Extraordinary!The reflection of the peak in the water is just amazing.you never miss a stunning moment , do you Mike....how inspirational to see this peak &amp; the pristine reflection that early......

Love this symmetry.....priceless.....!your landscape work is consistently of the highest quality i see on the whole site, brilliantamazing!!

exelente foto!!just  beautifulpreciosa, gran dia tuviste!!!Very beautiful view - love that reflection!Wonderful capture! Fantastic!the reflection is amazing!So beautiful~~ Excellent shot!!!Excellent picture!Magnificent image in color, beautiful !great reflection.. well done friendStunning light, I know this was difficult to capture without blowing out the highlights. Stunning reflection and details, too.


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Well done shot! very beautiful!Beautiful! Snow hats on the rocks!That is some sweet light for sure..Lovely capture...That's a beautiful scene...great shot.Beautiful !amazing light!beautiful light and beautiful shot!Beautiful and amazing! =)Wonderful alpenglow and snowy scene!Very nice composition, the reflection in the foreground is great!Simply stunning...Love the reflectionI prefer this colour version. The light on the mountain top is outstanding.thats just beautiful indeed! What a scene it is...that water is ridiculously still! Outstandingnice one, great shot!Very nice sense! beautiful:DLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.omg, how could i not love thisI really love the clarity and color in this image! What a tremendous sense of stillness and tranquility this image conveys...this is beautiful!!Very Cool!!WOW!   So beautiful!Great shot, awesome light and reflectionsGreat shot. perfectGorgeous compo and that streak of sunlight sure lifts it to new heights.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very very nice work..Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=5180509...Awesome!! Congratulations on making it to the Front Page. You can access the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22768

And, here are more of your FP photos.Congratulations very nice work..Wow!Beautiful scene.Very nice...
Beautiful light and good contrast...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)nice shot...
Congratulations !This is extremely GoodThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Just wonderful!!sugoiiii!!!!!!Gorgeous! 8)wow, beautiful!!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Beautiful, great reflectionbeautiful -- that reflection is awesome!Awesome!

Seen on FluidrwowAbsolutely spot on. Excellent.Wonderful place and photography. The reflection of the yellow top is just perfect.wonderful captureso beautiful!Great winter scene.Love the reflection.easy to recognize that it was just before the previous one by the shadow. I think bw is still better, colour one feels more plane or smth., color is beautiful but I really like bw in this case!Outstanding shot, wonderful composition.
Excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very nice!simply beautiful!!Lovely


Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SHOW THE BEST, and we'd love to have this added to the group!amazing!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)stunning shoti like the texturei love this.
it feels so cleanoh my goodnessseriously
this is incredible !!I just really love thisI loke your style :)

This picture is very nicelove this :)Cool shirtare you covering both eyes or just one?
i love this muchlyHi, I'm an admin for a group called walking and dreaming, and we'd love to have this added to the group!just one eyeGoodness! I love your film!this is fantastic :]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called un-usual young, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love this.Hi, I just found your stream via foraskelse and
I must say I love your photos!
This one is especially wonderful =)cute!!!

--
Seen in Project 365 (?)I love this. Definitely Genius. lol

This would make a really sweet valentines card.Great detail. Nice work!very cleverly done with the eye/&quot;I&quot;. :)Also:

tonight's low is 26.

*CRC*such a creative idea! i love this everything about it!I heart you too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!beautiful shot ... a heart so much love .... have a good day.Cayene pepper. Gobo overhead.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Friends Flickr Award - Remember Post 1 Award 3 -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 Please post your FANTASTIC SHOT on:
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3I thought it was always illegal because otherwise how can you hear ambulances and police cars.The &quot;argument&quot; is the deaf can get a license because they can see the lights. I'm not against the law because I totally see why it would be a distraction. I just didn't believe the way that detective talked to me and treated meyou do look very very young :) and cute and sweet! :)it's probably not your cup of tea.“The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman.”Nice dodging on the eye. :)Lmfao @ crc comments!!!I love this shot in sooo many ways...
it's just beautiful. love how smooth your skin is, the detail in your eye, and then the KICKER, those lips - yum!

Super cute!

Sorry about the dealership job, but it's awesome something else popped up. Best of luck on that and all that other stuff you got going on.Beautiful photo.  Beautiful eye.pretty pretty anna!

at least you didn't get a ticket, right?yeah rae, i didnt get a ticket. but stillllll........ lol it was a weird feeling.that 700 brings out so much detail in your eyesHi, I'm an admin for a group called Beautiful Photo Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Rite back atcha :)fantastic !beautiful FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3beautiful shot and PP...Sooo beautiful :)
&lt;3super cutey!  Thnks for playing my week!sunshine of the spotty mind FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Romantik-Fotos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardwhat a clever idea!!
:Dso amazing! So lovely!!THAT'S more like it Logan, you have redeemed yourself in the eyes of German Shepherds everywhere ;)
lol! he has mad skillz! (and so do you, for catching these!)thanks, he caught every cookie i tossed at him!Haha, woah, fantastic shots!! Perfect focus! :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)hahaha that is too cute 
great title ;)LOL!! This is totally rocks! They are both amazing mid-air captures.


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)you rule! these are awesome!

btw, that snow shot was for you. xoWoW!lol, great action!Haha, great shots!haha both are excellent captures. bravo.LOL, this is great! I tried this with Zero once. I got a zoomed in, slobbery shot of her mouth. Not so lady like lol.lol awesome shot!!!!His focus is so intense. great shots.It's too funny!  I love it.  It's the perfect look of anticipation (look at that slobber) and focus on the goal.LOL at his expression! &quot;MUST...CATCH...TREAT!!&quot;Having trouble sleeping so was &quot;Exploring Interestingness&quot; (?) and there was Logan!  Congrats!both are really great! but the expression in the first one is really priceless!I LOVE the second one, so darn hilarious! Love the eyes!OUTSTANDING!!  

is this in a studio?!  gorgeous light and background.

really fun and great images  :o)haha i love how his eyes are almost crossed in the first one concentrating so hard on the treatwannabe-d80, i took this outside, natural light and the background is white from the snow, i just lightened it more to make it all even.

thanks all :)LOL Oo just look at him salivating! You can see the strings of saliva as his mouth prepares for that yummy goodness. 

Serious LOVE the second pic tho! that looks amazingly wild! *ROAR*LOL.....Excellent series, nice timing to catch these shots  :  ))Ha, brilliantawesome! both of them and yes too funny his expression in the first shot. I love his tilted head catch in the second! Really cool :-)The sharpness is breathtaking ... excellent !

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)LOL, I love the facial expression!Fantastic, and so funny! Great capture!the look on his face, hilarious...so worried.Awesome capture!I just love this - well done.Ha Ha!!!  Awesome shots!  Congrats on Explore!Haha! Awesome, that expression in the first shot is really hilarious :) Love taking photos of dogs while they're catching stuff, they really do pull some funny faces!What a shot!!! Congrats,perfect focus and sharpness.very nice 
lovelyGrand!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]LOL great shot!  I have a German Shepherd...best dogs ever!What a great couple of pictures!!!  If I tried taking a picture like this, it would be nothing but a blurr 'cause I would be laughing too hard.A great six word story (there's a group for that as well!)

Seen on Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Best In Show (invite only)-- A touch of RED contest!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

His focus...and YOURS...simply amazing!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)lol,, these are great!lol these are awesome! great pictures :DGreat shot!!Now that is what I call excellent timing.Excellent captures, instant faveLMFAO! You are one of the funniest chicks on the planet!! I laughed out loud funny on your last comment  to me about the bird being stuffed from a museum.... you always make my day better my friend!!LOVE shots like this!!!!! fantasticstunning atmospherebeautiful shot! love the mood!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called View On Black Award {Invite Only-Award 2}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous!!!!!Excellent capture !!!Really nice fog shot, my friend, in the middle of a storm here, siiiiigh!Wonderful image.The fog is beautiful and always adds drama! A rugged up close view of this magnificent terrain!!Very good!  Great fog!Magical fog and lighting!so beautiful!!Beautiful image and lighting.I love these shotsGorgeous layers of light!Fantastic exposure!  You caught all the separate layers so well!Atmospheric beauty!Or a fog forest, under the cover of which scamper critters galore. In large this is really cool, wave after wave of tree tops and ringlets of white, woven together on the mountainside.LOVE it when the mist does this..........kinda magical.
Dramatic nature at its best.........you and I live in equally astounding scenery I think !!
keep 'em coming !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Simply fantasatic. Love the contrast f the spiky branches against the soft clouds of fog. love surfwax's comments - very poetic. Want to see the critters!great misty mood :) congratsMagical mist shot, lovely.fantastic shot!Great shot.I feel the depth of the forest through the misty veil...so beautiful and wild.Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.love the layers of light and fogAtmosphere interspersed with forest. Great capture. Good eye Wc.really niceI love the fog and the shapes of the trees.Very Neat Dangy
DbeautifulI could just watch those mists wind in and out of the trees forever...beautiful!Please add this beautiful photo to God's Beautiful World!

www.flickr.com/groups/godsbeautifulworld/WOW! Amazing shot!
Please, post your masterpiece photograph in: 
_______________http://www.flickr.com/groups/908675@N25Beautiful shot!Winter shots with great feeling! Your compositions are really very nice!Precious! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.I'd love to be there... is this cloud/mist or is it the sun burning off moisture from the trees?great atmosfere!!! great work.amazing...clouds make it look great...beautiful scene! great depth!coolbeautiful !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called So Here We Are, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastic! no others words!Congratulations on Explore - this is like a classical Japanese ink-painting ...Beyond awesome...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!amazing pictureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Fields and Streams, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing ,fantastic.Lovely, looks like unlogged old growth forest.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Jotbe's Group (Invited Only) - Give 2 Awards, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow... how i love this kind of atmosphere...!!!1st  ,, xD

H.B.D
Lovely Shot
Abdaa3tii
Well done sweety
Keep Going ,,HBD :)pretty rose *.* happy birthday :* !HappyB-Day2Her♥♥♥.Wonderful &lt;333
And, HBD to her ;]] H.B.D to heer
38ball 100000 years ;p

Faave 
ln al9oora fn as usual ;pH.Birthday to herHappy Birthday to Her &lt;3Happybdaaaay(^)!awwww :$$$ 
thanxxxxx A LOT reemo &lt;333  love it mn 8lb 
dont know wt 2 say ;P
shokran ;***so lovely &lt;3
H.B.D (^)ÿa zeen elred &lt;33 hapyp birthdaaaaay (^)!H.B.Dkel 3am wel7elwa b5air :)

el3azel raw3aa teslam edechlovely ♥happy birthday to heer :DTestaaaahel zitoona ,, 
kel 3aaam Oo enti b5eeer ,  
Happy Birthday to her ♥Happy Birthday Day to her El3mer Kelah Inshalah yaa zeen il-rosessso sweet X) happy birthday to her(Y) 

mashalla 3leek ;D AMAZING shot
Happy Birthday to u ya a7la cuzn 
Oo kil 3am o enti b5air 
:D:D

Haaapppppy Birrrttthhhdddaaaay to HER (^) May all her dreams come true :D , Loved the focus btw ;)wow♥♥
favedHappu BirthdayHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great shot!
congrats on Explore!HBD Zeezeee :)I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~lovely

I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/



Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group




Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;The Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to www.flickr.com/groups/theunforgetablepictures/
Uuuhh Tjaanin L Shot &lt;3&lt;3
Haappy B.Day 2 Her (^);**happy birthday to her *,*HBDThis is so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore. 7bate al9ooora &lt;3
happy birthdayHBD Zitona &lt;333Happy birthday!HBD to herWonderful shot !!Happy birthday !!HBD to her :**Thanks guys :)Happy Birth Day To Her ..Lovely!

I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!This is an amazing image. Gorgeous!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)nice ^^nice pic 
(=Lovely one &lt;3wonderful image , Great work !!Another snippet from everyday life -great observation, Millan!Beautiful image... just love the bokeh and the composition. Just hope we can take photos together someday. Your my inspiration Millan..What an beautiful colour processing
the light is so soft

I like th eimage a lotthe red cloth in front works very well with the stranger... adds a punch of colours tooNice candid shot!  Well composed.ever super!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)ganda ng tone sir!
pang pelikula!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wonderful street candid!love it, a slice of life well seen!Awesome !!!Pampelikula ang tirada.Napakahusay nito idol!Da best!i like soooo much!ganda ng eksena peng!!! husay!!!!!!!!!Beautiful perspective and dof! Very nice tones. :)very nicecinematic talaga ang dating! ang tindi ng lente mo brod!really like this cinematic croppingsbeautiful tone...!!Cool candid shot. Like the composition and DoF.very nice processing

Seen on Fluidrfantastic scene!
love your work and style :)Muy acertado el foco selectivo en esta gran escena!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Galing at ang ganda nito Sir .great cinematic composition..
Wow, your PICTURE is AMAZING!
Please add it to For anybody named Anthony (Become an honorary Ant!)
Here's your first A*!

Lovely shot, as usual!galing ng street portrait!.. kala ko sa ibang bansa.

gandang gabi peng millan!Millan, this is superb :)))

A beautiful shot :) I love the mood and I love your title!Lintek talaga yang si 135!
astig neto, parang naonood lang ng sine..:-)
woot woot peng!Wonderful composition! Well taken, Millan! Have a lovely Tuesday, my friend!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Superb! I like the title too!

Seen on Fluidrthis is sooooooooooooooo cinematic! :D
awesome!Super candid Milan.. excellent! :-)very nicely done...great capture!!!well isolated abe!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *****Ikaw Ay Pinoy*****, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Man, you can isolate a subject like nobody else.....Classic feel to this shot. Muted tones work really well. Very nice!Fantastic dof and compoLove the compositionThe very calm moment, the book, everything looks greatyou don't miss a shot. everyone has a story to tell, and you tell them all beautifully.Beautiful morning shot.  I bet kasama sila V?His foot casually twisted, the book and the sleeping baby. Fabulous story and I love the processing. (Is that a baby under the blanket?)Awesome shot!!!!!  Love the dof.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Cinematic Moments.&quot; (?)Your street shots are really awesome, a great source of inspiration!Excellent choice in framing.a great horizontality in there, perfectly composed millan. well done!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2385285...Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Great Shot :)I love this shot and the title.  Beautiful.nice one!Wow Milan I love the focus and light.. Great shotIs that a baby under the cover? Love how the color pops here. What a beautiful and sweet capture. Love the cozy feel and mood in this one. Huge congrats on FP Millan. Totally deserve it! 

Hope you're doing well. beautiful street shot!wonderful color contrast and mood~
Long time no see my dear friend!~!!BEry Gud. a very light moment at super relak. apir sabay gulong dito sa site.

Magkapakner kami ni EB sa Punchlist.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 50+ FAVORITES[Post 1: Award 3], and we'd love to have this added to the group!layf! tiklop tripod...uwian na sa ganda ng pagkasinematik...pantastik!Super tones peng!! Mega cinematic talaga!!brilliant!
This is an extraordinary photo!!!
I saw this in
 The Enchanted Carousel (Invited Images Only)

Please be sure your photo is tagged with: TheEnchantedCarouselwow!!!! panalo toits! wotwot!Aw.. may nagaganyan pala sa Manila?
Naku, lagot sya sa mga holdupper pag natabihan.. hehe.

Haneps sa compositionpeng...~Another beautiful image. 
there is something wrong with the contact list....I only got to see this today from Explore. 


Wonderful work as always!Good stuff!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Exceptional moment you have captured!
Cinematic is a fantastic work!!!cool shot..
awesome composition! 
I love this one!gOOD sHOT !!Lovely ♥ EXPLOREDcongrats on Front Page Explorecongrats , great shot.love itCongrats on Front Page. very well deserved!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)awesomethis is a proper cinematic shots. very well done, definitely a fave!I love the fact that he's so concentrated in reading the book, totally unaware he's art.Awesome work :)love the DOFnice,
love the tonesAh, one of my fave locations... fantastic captureOnly ever seen this a couple of times....great captureWOW!!!  Added to my list of places to go!Great photo.  This is one of my favourite locations but I have never caught the water flooding the sink hole.Great photo. Inspired engineering also. Where's the plug?magicalvery interesting photo must be a sick site to visitLooks like a great place for kyakingWhere was this taken? Everyone else seems to know where this is but I don't.At Ladybower Reservoir in the Peak Districtgreat shot!
congrats on Explore!wow nice capture never seen this beforeVery nice capture !It's perfect. Congratulations!Is this real or photoshopped? I've never seen anything like it?

Nevermind.... I found other photos of it and learned it was and overflow pipe at a dam. Is this a common feature in your part of the world? I have never seen anything like it! Great magical photo!  Seen in Explore.Thanks for the comments one and all. Yes this is real - a slight bit of CS4 to bring back some of the lost detail in the trees plus the crop and straighten.

It is at Ladybower in the Peak District National Park. The spillways / over flows have been in full flow the last couple of weeks thanks to the melting snow.

Spillways of some sort of another are pretty common in this country but as yet I've never seen anything as dramatic as this. The whole valley with the impressive dams and spillways is well worth visiting if you are ever in this country.Wonderful shot !!That looks really interesting =) nice shot !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Great capture. You almost feel as though you are being drawn into that gaping holenice find :)Very nice and interesting shot!An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;wow i've never seen anything like this
amazing!Amazing image...Brilliant and congrats on all the faves.Really great capture.Nice shot!Stunning picture, excellent execution and treatment 



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)

This Photo is..............
scary drain. nice shotAwesome.  Hard to believe it's real.Wow! That's impressive! Very cool shot.Nice one, Chris.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Krazee Kool!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Camera info :
Canon 5D mkII- Canon 24-70mm L- iso 200 - f/5.6 - 1/320 sec

Stobist Info :
Canon 580 EXII : Left with softbox @ 1/1are these all of you? how do u set focus for your self portraits?Superb ... nice tones.highlights blown out around sun thoLight is nicely balanced and create a cool atmosphere. Do you modified the tones ?@nbake: highlights on a sun will ALWAYS be blown out. its the sun. haha.Steven Davis Photography : I either guesstimate and check focus after or use a tape measure then set focus.

nbake777 : I no, but i wanted detail in the grass and the dynamic range isn't big enough to capture the detail of both. If i pull the highlights back in through post i would get horrible glows around the shadows so i left it as is...

Thanks for the comments guys appreciate it...Sun itself will always be blown out but the clouds and sky around it can be brought way down. ND filter and higher power/closer flash would do the trick.Franck Julien : To catalogue and tweak my images i use aperture and play around with black point, definition, saturation, vibrancy and highlights in order to create the style you see.eh, i still like it with the blown highlights. a photo is art and doesnt always HAVE to follow these rules we impose on them.i love your photo sentimentsSweet mate!  The lighting looks spot on and the lens flare does finish it off nicely.  I need me a 580 EXII so i can try out high speed sync!  Should work out nicely for some of your trials bike action shots!Great work!!Awesome shot again, great idea, good to know high speed sync works well, I'm stuck at 1/100s right now.amazing stream!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called El arte de iluminar, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great photo.good oneNice!very wonderful ..What a striking image! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Great light !great capture
&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

the BEST of Flickr!!!really cool. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² ):|&lt;3Interesting shot More Than Amaziiiiiiiiing ShOt &lt;33

i Really like The Shoes ;**

mY Fav ColOrs 

Keep going FoWord (L) ** Fav ♥♥ Damn that Looking Good sis ;X♥♥♥niiic
piiic
حلوه الحركه
كيب ات
كومنت ميyaay !allay jnan (L)_(L) fav ~RaheebaAmazing ::*Nice


Comment me if u want :)Good ♥♥♥ Love itgreat one !7elwa ;pAmazingya ed hardy ya 7lu enta ;)ParfectLoovely *.*;nice move
7beet elfocus &lt;3 &lt;33Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No.Over. from QATAR, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lol 7lwa ;P Great ;''O &lt;33 !woow ♥♥♥♥ya 3aeny56eeera ;)Nice photo..
keep going up

so

welcome to my photostream
Perfect (Y)
B59oo9 El Pic &gt;&gt;&gt;Soo Nice 
&lt;3 IT 
FAV 
COMENT ME &amp; NOTE


tjnn ilShoot &lt;3;$ A7BHA &lt;3333333333333333 Nicelove this shot &lt;3Nicecooool ,,favnice shot :)awesome!Raw3a kal3aada &lt;3 ;*&lt;3 WOW &lt;3Ksh5a &lt;3Kol. pic =) 

no,te me FAVED &lt;33love younice &lt;33NICE7lwa

Greatfave&lt;3tjneen el.pic Wallah  ♥♥

&lt;33333  it .... ya ro7i ;), faved &lt;3  so niceLovely focus (Y)

nice shoot :$Ni!i!i!i!iCe piiiiic

][Comment ME plz ][Cuute ^^Wow ♥♥_♥a7bich asma ♥abd3tiiCUte :)Cool shot!!rsw3a hun &lt;33tjnn&lt;3&lt;3333 itنااايس7abiit &lt;33fave !n!CePerfect one &lt;3Perfect Shot
Keep Going Sweety ,, xDHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Explore front pageNice one :**Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2690824...Cool.!(Y)I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~

Lovely pic ♥♥
..
..
as alwaysNice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)lol very nice--
Seen in the group&quot;|Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter&quot; (?)

--

Seen in:

www.flickr.com/groups/femalephotographer/) Faav ;***3nnnddi mthlaah Black &lt;3333NiceeawesomeGorgeous! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.raheeeeba mn galbiGorgeous catch, superbly done


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Dit-il agenouillé pour composer son shot ^_^

Ben encore top... J'aime bien aussi ce genre de shots mi-candids mi-foggy du Sparth quoi :P

edit: Just viewed it LARGE on black, this is just outstanding, don't miss it!
0__0those roofs look like mountains : ) I love the yellow fog and that little girl happy to jump into the monster. I lived for one year in USA and I took the yellow monster to go to class ; ) nice memories...  Beautiful daily scene you have captured.you make everyday life look like heaven.Very good!quelle lumière dans tes dernières compos!! c'est excellent!!I just love the light and the atmosphere here, great titleLove this frozen moment in time. Love that captured movement. I think your shots portraying people are the ones, where your prosessing truly shines. They show normal, daily life in an almost magical way, transforming them into pieces of art. It's photos like these, that helps us, or at least me, to appreciate and see the beauty of everyday. 
I love this picture, everything about it.Beautiful and yes, I agree, everything must seem really big when you are as little. I like this frozen moment, when she runs for the bus!Still jealous of your fogprecious priceless moment buddy. and you captured it very well.

and yes...best viewed large on black...lights off :-)love everything about this image.. the title, the moment and the exceptional signature of yours.lovely shot andd moodFabulous capture.  You are the Master of Fog!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wow...this is absolutely amazing...wonderful wonderful work you have!!!Im so happy so see your photo again!
Long time no see my dear friend!~!!!!Harg , mais c'est une tuerie !
En fait tu vies à Silent Hill et tu ne nous avais rien dit ... :DI like it!

Guido

seen in my home page


Wow  !Superbe, la vie de tous les jours transportée dans une scène de film!such beautiful lighting!  This has some sense of eerieness to it even though its a school bus... I dont know why!  But its awesome!what a mood .. fantastic shot!Waw !! Once again an awesome shot :)
Love it !!!
It  looks like a shot from a movie when viewed on Black :)love this mist! and your signature toning!I'm crazily in love with this series! Agree with the title too!beautiful!

seen in my contacts Beautiful beautiful beautifulWonderful mood ! 
One day you tell about your processing ~ don't you ?! :-)amazing Nicolas. the moment you captured plus your unique treatment make this shot a great one.excellent shotCa a un pouvoir photographique ces bus que vous avez, je rêve d'en avoir un dans le viseur. Ils n'ont pas changé depuis l'inspecteur Harry!
Géniale cette lumière dans la brume.it is wonderful when you can turn a everyday moment to great shots like this. great light and tones as usual..... ;)Very niceThis one has a timeless feeling to it Nic, another amazing shot!Que luz, más espectacular!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called un instante,una historia, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow super shot! the mood is perfectly captured!! 
The tones and the fog is brilliant : )
super composition : )Excelent shot,love the atmospherin this image..That mist is great.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great, my Friend!The little girl seems eager to get onto that bus though :)
Really nice shot!what a wonderful fog!  

What did u do in photoshop??

 I love the colorsthe timing is perfect with the foot just off the ground - great atmosphere (as always!)  Is your town permanently covered in fog?!brilliant picture. the fog and light are amazingThis shot is fantastic!Wonderful Nicholas. Wonderful.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great image, it tells an interesting storyCongrats on another Explore--two in one day! Wow! Well-deserved! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)A Beautiful shot!!! 
Congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)such a beautiful moment masterfully captured!Ahhh, the adventure begins
First they slay the yellow monster, then on to recess

Good stuffVery nice mood here.Wow a special one! Young girl ready to board the school bus - a memorable shot for sure! Excellent perspective and composition!this is phenomenal.another view i fall in love with :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!fantastic! the right moment and a fabulous light with a misty touch....It's like a dream...Loved it !Une ambiance de fou pour un moment banal du quotidien de certains.Vraiment du beau boulot de la belle image .fantastic. well done.just looks like a scene from a movie that I would like to watch.....

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excellent abstract composition!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called De Doka (1 Foto/1 Commentaar), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Zo zeg....COOL HANS!!!!

Het lijken wel roltrappen zo.
GRTZ,BENbrilliant
as seen here there
is a subtle and very interesting uplifting 
sense 
of motion 
and the central light
is a treat in the midst of all
those marvelous
grey
tones 

love it !Nice photo and very nice processing!heel erg nice!very symmetric..interesting shotGreat work!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Urban Wandering&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!GreatPrachtige lijnen en BW omzetting!perfect symmetry in black and whiteVery good perspective.Nice abstract photo!

well done

Gezien in De Dokaamazing geometry... i feel lost..:-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Black and White Only  (No Color, No Sepia), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic lines and patterns...cool.Incredible linesInteresting, greatVery beautiful architecture, well done!Great abstract and lovely b/w treatment!!Great abstraction, perfect!marvellous lines.Erg mooi abstract!!!hele fave foto! Goed gezien en mooi gemaakt.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Great shot ! Like it =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Really like this one! Great black and white! Nice composition and simmetry!

Seen on FluidrBeautiful symmetry!Really like the symmetry here - fantastic shot!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Perfect B&amp;W tones and excelent composition!Such a wonderful black and white image



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)super !Very Cool Architecture!Nice photographyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!yep... nog een van het station in luik. heel mooi, Hans.
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )omg, words can't describe how beautiful this is!Fantastic climate and beautiful composition!Marvelous

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is awesome mate!!
Looks like it would have been cold as!Awesome, as per usual... love that light coming over the little dip.for you too :)
beautiful photoHow beautiful all that white with those trees. Great!Love the tint of color in the sky.  Beautiful. 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Happy Tuesday, Mikko! ;)

very beautiful winter scene :)wow. how great is that light.Beautiful !!!!!Woah this is mighty awesome :) Instant fave!I bet the silence was deafening - its amazing how quiet it is when it snows and I can really feel the atmosphere here Mikko - hauntingly inspiring capture! Wow! :)it's a winter wonderland =DHappy Tuesday to you too! lovely shot :)Happy Tuesday! Wonderful landscape.Happy tuesday too! I love the processing! This is beautiful!Gorgeous winter scene. Love the composition!Fantastic composition and fabulous light. I like the tones contrast.freezing cold! so beautiful!happy tuesday and all the remaining week for all it's worth....

love your silence... 

beautiful tones... lovely light....

i would go there with no second thoughts... please save a seat for me.... and a blanket :DGorgeous view! Love this freezing wonderland!!!Another masterpiece, my friend :)Very peaceful indeed. I'm always surprised at the silence that reigns when it has snowed. It's as if the whole world is keeping in its breath, waiting for the thaw before it can release it again. You managed to capture this really well, congratulations.
Composition-wise I think you could have done more with the bench and the two bigger trees though.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Wow, beautiful winter scene - great tones
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Stunning Ambiance!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Love the white out! Makes for a great composition, minimal almost. Nicely done.

Seen on Fluidrpicture perfect postcard!beautiful capture! great tones and compA fave!!! Wow!incredible winter scene..love this...such a beautiful placeVery nice!!the title says it all , you can feel the silence wathching itSuperb shot my friend...The title describes this scene perfectly...nice work...:)So white and beautiful. Looks a bit fairy tale like.Truly exquisite!Wonderful peaceful scene. Love the pink glow and the light.Your frozen landscapes are great man :)Instant fave my friend... wow! :)beautiful atmosphere, well caughtAtmospheric as usual - has the appearance of being on top of some mountain ridge descending to the left and dropping off over the back into the light. A good bench for composing your thoughts.WOW , nicely done, great shot !this is gorgeous.  love the subtle pink hues.wonderful capture!Wow ExcellentBeautiful!that glow in the background in my fav part. This looks just like title. 
Really coola soft and gentle world glowing softly pink. amazing shot.Nice photo.  You've somehow made a cold winter seem appear to have some warmth.lovely compo, and that dusty pink sky is so pretty!!!Great shot~~ 

With those slightly pinky tones on the sky.... i actually feel a bit &quot;warm&quot;
in this silent snowday.... 

to me, this is truly romantic ~~Absolutely perfect.  Love the processing.  The soft, quiet winter white world.Perfect winter landscape. Despite all that advertising you're doing I still don't like winter. :-)Awesome snowy landscape!oohhh how lovely in minimal pink!so beautiful, so calm....gorgeous snowy image, those snow covered trees are so pretty!amazingBrilliantly captured
lovely tonesBeautiful touch of pink in the sky... so peaceful!!Superb bro. Snowy tones sooo coollll..........a wonderful dream like winter vision you have posted here
stunning!amazing winter scenery! the snow and the atmosphere are wonderful!Beautiful winter scene.perfect compo here Mikko:)
so pure it's a joy to watch:)

gotta love your misty shots:) i know i do:)

take care my friend:)Wonderful image!Beautiful color!one word: immaculateI think the pink tint gives the photo a lovely dreamy mood..winter wonderland!Magnifique ! J'adore cette atmosphère et ces couleurs..... Le résultat donne une image surréelle, superbe !such a superb light you had...wow what a scene! Swe is like Fin these days!Love the soft white and how everything seems to fade, great scene!great photo!

[ via Daniele Guerriero's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]A very beautiful setting....strong composition too.Stunning work, love the tones and smoothness of the snow.Wow, so amazing with the mist and gorgeous composition, it's so relaxing! And a long exposure shot :-o Wow!what a perfect title for this superb photographsnow at its best --another fabulous shot--could look good in B&amp;W as wellI love this high key shot .. bravo!!Instant fav. No. SUPER instant fav!Simply beautiful. Love the tonesStunning!  Simply stunning!  Love the slight pink tones in the sky, and how the trees 'stand' watch near the bench.  Such a lovely  image.  Would be interesting to see the same exact spot in each of the seasons.  Would make such a beautiful 4 piece mosaic.  Yet, no need for that really as this is simply stunning.  Wow.Love the simplicity, brilliant work!Wow, this is just amazing and the title fits perfectly.Man! How do you do it everytime? Another awesome shot. It's nice to see something in the day time again. I love the subtle pinks here.wonderful great light and beautiful title, simple but so rightNice. I like the slight touch of pink in the sky and the clean lower part.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful composition and subject, what an amazing snowfall.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great work!At sever risk of making an utterly facile comment.... er, aren't trees brilliant!  : )   [Not only do they make images like this; giving the scene their characteristic majesty. But the mere fact that they survive all this and then announce spring in such a wonderfully dramatic manner, too. Lets here it for the trees!  ;-)]

Sorry...  I'll, uh, get my coat.  : )I love your snow shots.. you have some really beautiful places around you and it wonderful to see them through your artistic eyes.. : ))Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3477898...great pic!So Pure-So Lovely Capture!Beautiful.Stunningwoow :oJust beautiful.Nice capture!! Congratulations on FP: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22736

As usual your other front page photos are here.LOL congratz too bro.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =Dincredible winter wonderland! WOW!Beautiful winter wonderland :)oh wow!ohhhh so dreamful!!!Magical...i love this.Superb photo again! I wonder, where all these come. :Doh how I missed this stream, you really rock Sir!!!wowzamazing shot.lol at the no glittery groups invit.=]...White heavenly! Great mate!wow, gorgeous pinkish colors! love the snow covered treesWonderful. Great job.An awesome location!Beautiful and brilliant!!NICE!!Gorgeous, great job capturing the different tones of white.excellent image seen on FP:-)Stunning shot, love those trees!What a magical scene - winter in heaven!amazing!Beautiful.That is stunning! What I would give for those conditions!Really like the light in the background, suppose you get the snow for much longer in Finland. Lucky youAnother amazing capture!Ah, the world was so beautiful in mid-January, freaking cold, but beautiful, :). I just today noticed how the trees have shed almost all their snow. A dramatic change. 
This is wonderful, it almost looks like it was made in a studio, with all those props being put right there where they are. But having seen the world take on that shape and shade, I know it really looked that white. 'Scuse me my rambling, it's in the middle of the night, and I'm all worked up in my tiredness.... :). Yötyö on niin nastaa puuhaa.
I really like the composition, and the light in all the whiteness, and especially that bench, I think it actually symbolizes the word &quot;silence&quot; in itself, being empty, deserted. This picture is all about that bench, me thinks.Wow, so beautiful in this dream image
real niceBeauty and the lonely place.
Cool white!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!BeautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called Finest Trees - Admin Invite - Post 1 Award 2 , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Can't be better!!!!! Excellent in any way!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunning shot! :DI feel peaceful when winter comes - like the feeling when I've seen this one:)great shot!
congrats on Explore!I give thee a multitude of exclamation points.  Brilliant.Beautiful!Stunning image!!!So beautiful!spectacular light, seems like a gigantic photo set!I absolutely love the ambiance in this shot. I found it interesting how you used really warm tones here, it works very well!This is a great photowonderful light and beautiful shot!!!!! love it!Beautiful subtle pink tones!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Oh my goodness! Beautiful.Fantastic piclooks surreal :)its a very peaceful placeBeautiful shot!Great shot !this is so lovely!good tones!Brilliant in all ways. Congrats!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )remarkable scenevery very nice work..Siistit sävyt ja kiva tuo valkoinen hehku puiden välissä. Enkä löydä mitään vikaa myöskään sommittelusta. :)Wow :)Gorgeous.wow, beautiful place...Oh my!  This is amazing! Love it!!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nice.
It looks so peaceful.So lovely to see this has made Explore...xoThis is really good! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful shot !!Stunning!! This is such a beautiful winter landscape!Nice white-out effect =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )ah winter wonderland. beautiful!this is so beautiful!Love the pristine image here - you can hear the silence and peace.  Great title, beautifully captured.thanks =) 

awesome shot, great athmosphere !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Snow magic!
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )fantasticStunning. Looks like you had the park to yourself.amazing!Wonderland. Beautiful workBrilliant, my Friend!amazing, instant fav..:O! this is so goodHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Terrific shot my friend
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)A most superb photo. Like the warm tone.wow this is lovely!Simply gorgeous, love the soft pink!!!Very pretty shot. I love how snow silences all the hustle and bustle.Beautiful processing job here.Fabulous tones to this gorgeous winter scene. :o)beautiful scene; you've done a great job capturing all the beauty in this sceneThat's a white-out. Never know what snow monster is waiting in the distance to grab you! :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!a magical world!excellent workMagica !!!!How do u find places like this? AwesomeFantastic light.  Beautiful composition.  It's not easy to capture snow so beautifully.Wow, fantastic shot. So peaceful and soft. Love the delicate white tones! Perfect!Wow...the simplicity here is stunning...
I really love the soft pink tones.Fantastique!so pretty! love the tones and that bokeh!!this captures the curve of the branches so nicely. beautiful color too. i can hardly wait to see more of these!Wow, how gorgeous!! Love the bokeh!!so very lovely!so prettyGorgeous dreamy bokeh and spring mood!awww so pretty and dreamy,,love love love come on spring!!Gorgeous.  Love the DoFHi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is so beautiful ~so pretty! love that bokeh!this is soooooooo so fabulous...I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.Gorgeous !So amazing!lovely!very nice tonesThis is lovely!Wow, this is brilliant. 
You always put so much thought into your work, I appreciate that.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Waking Into the Dream(1 Post/3 Awards!!!), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Fantastic composition! Great idea!ahh now this is awesome. love it!ahhah very nice idea!!! fantastic imageyou reallly hate maths - dont you ;-)?FIRE!Nice@ Yannic: No actually I don´t- 
My only problem is this damn analysis, I´m pretty good at Algebra :D ;)Neat....astounding composition and concept..very impressive again. Sooo well done!!Analysis... Differentialgleichungen... Integralrechnung... Grenzwertbestimmungen... Gleichungen xter Ordnung...??!

Oh Gott - meine schlimmsten Albträume holen mich ein.
Neenee - ich möchte echt nicht mit Dir tauschen. :))This is fantastic!
Really great shot!Great.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe cut out (agregar 1 comentar 2), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Muy buena Imagen

te invitamos a unirte a nuestro grupo
www.flickr.com/groups/cuteout/pool/you are awesomesomeody call 911!
;)So creative!WOAH!!!!
love it!!Wow, I'm speechless, great picture!great!your photostream is so inspiring, it made me feel like i lost connection to the world and entered a rational state of understanding.
words cant describe the emotions that reverberate through your photos.
cant wait to see more!
ninowow! i love your photography! ive told you so many times. haha, how did you get the book inn the back with fire? its cool!brillant idea!!this is amazinghah...such a cool photo!Great photo. I understand your frustration with your course material as I'm currently a student!

I studied Analysis many years ago in my Maths degree. It was challenging but I found it interesting. Can't remember much of it now though!!superb shotWow, klasse Idee! 
Jaja, Analysis war - bis auf Vektorrechnung - auch nicht mein Lieblingsthema in Mathe... Trotzdem: Viel Spaß beim Lernen. ;)amazing processAwesome Shot :)View on Explore[!]Creative. I love it.super cool !!This is honestly the best thing i have ever seen all day.perfectphenomenal work !!!!!!!
Your art is as I awake into the dream! 



Seen in 
Waking Into the Dream .you rock, girl! :DHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Flickr Top Ten - Invited Members Only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.great shot!
congrats on Explore!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1318668...Your capture is brilliant! Not surprising that it made to Front Page!

Here is the FP screenshot clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22757.
And, all your other FP photos can be grabbed here.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Haha, perfect! Love the book on fire in the background.
_____________________
reply with darckr?stunningwonderful pic. love itawesome creationGreat work!
-
seen on exploreits brilliant.Amazing shot !Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe World of Disturbia , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.sehr genial!Cool. so creative, well done!!!!!I saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !like the hair :-)Nice work!Wonderful idea!! Perfect realization!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe I, Me, Mine, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Such a wonderful image
Love it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful work!
seen in www.youtube.com/watch?v=51V1VMkuyx0Love the hair and flames!Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

this is too nice shot and idea!
I like the fire on the notebook and the red on the book in your hand

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)esta genial, una imagen muy originalamazing! love everything about htis shot, super idea, awesomely executed!This amazes me. (:Amazing...love the hair, flames and the shading

Reminds me of me studying for my MCAT...everything just blows by and just want to burn the book...magicExcellent
Flickr Top TenAbsolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardYour art is as I awake into the dream! 



Seen in 
Waking Into the Dream .intresting!hee hee... Ace Adam.. love it.stunning! love it.i love the hair from this shoot soooooo muchNice one - how did the course go?Ace mate - looks fantastic.
Congratulations on getting into the new place by the way!Great. Love the hairdo!Perfect capture
Congratulations  It's beautiful

Seen in:
Life Beautiful (post1-invite1)
Post TAG: Life Beautifulstunning hair.Great shot, wonderful model.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wicked!coolThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Really well done! A++cool!!wonderful shot! well donenice!!Amazing capture, textures are sublime, mostly when viewed on black.Excelente!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Wonderful colors!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Amazing colors!  Very nice shot..I love the colors.wow wow karl.
Reallty like the way your landscapes are going. vivide, colorful well framed
SUper well done !!viewed it large mate and my jaw dropped.  a perfectly curated image.  only 1 note that there is some lightening around the person to the right (feet area) how does this look in the full image?I like the landscape in this great shot.Awesome work, nicely shot
Congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous shot!absolutely stunning...love the stillness of water and the reflection in it...weldone...:)Magnifica composizione e tonalità. Mi piace tantissimo questa foto!perfecta compo 
los colores componen!!perfetto!!!! :)Osserva molto come cieli di Toronto…Excellent, very conceptual.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato  ╠Art Libre-Free Art-Arte Libre-Freie Kunst-INVITED PIX ONLY. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

The clouds look like shadows from the cranes....giving the impression of miniature cranes :)))a meccano...playful, beautifulSi, il meccano, è la prima cosa a cui ho pensato!
Magnifica compo!another perfect composition!well observed - a place of calm in the midst of a lively and colorful citygreat geometry!!!Inquietanti presenze urbane!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fascinating composition !have you found a playground? :) splendid composition, Maria Luisa !Me produce escalofrío esta composición tan fantástica pero que aquí en España significa el sueño que produce monstruos.penso negativo!
.fantastic composition!!!!It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22725.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7650322...io sarei andato dal gruista giù in fondo a chiedergli di allinearsi e di sorridere per lo scatto:-)Gioco di costruzione.
Ottima costruzione dell'immagine, con molti livelli.

Di nuovo una front page ! Congratulazioni, Maria Luisa !che bella !!!
se un plastico, o l'angolo giochi di un bambino che sta giocando con il meccano ;-)))mi affascina il &quot;non cielo&quot;Sei la solita fantasiosa...lo sono ankio, ma tu m batti!!! :DA wonderful urban study....~!Super!!!!!!!!!!!


_ _
www.that-that.ruwonderfully composed!Bellissima
---------------
Nous ne pourrons jamais expliquer ou justifier la ville. La ville est là. Elle est notre espace et nous n'en avons pas d'autre. Nous sommes nés dans des villes. Nous avons grandi dans des villes. C'est dans des villes que nous respirons.

Georges Perec, Espèces d'Espaces.

www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM5Je9hZhLQ&amp;feature=related

Brava Maria Luisa!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!l'hai fatta col lego?speriamo che sia bella, e a misura d'uomo

in questo stadio, sembra ancora possibileBeau jeu de lignes !!!!Like a playground!
I love the 'constructive' composition!trop forte !well done:)Un gioco innocente con le costruzioni o la nascita annunziata di un nuovo incubo urbano?
Comunque , come scrive Georges Perec (grazie with manecco), con la città dovremo sempre rapportarci e fare i conti....Fantastic!!!bella composizione...bravissimaun po' in ritardo ma arrivo anch'io.........

è già stato detto ma non posso esimermi dal dire che la prima cosa che mi è venuta in mente è il caro e vecchio &quot;meccano&quot; !!!!Well seen....wonderful lines and color!Maria Luisa, this is brilliant ... :))this is fabulous!  what a wonderful eye you have!Ah! I see we have similar ideas today :)
Brilliant shot Maria Luisa!how do you find such incredible things to photograph? I'm blown away!

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato JUST IMAGINE | admin invite | 18+. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.great sky view...Great shot!

Seen on FluidrThis just a brilliant use of symmetry. The colors and square-shapes really create an abstract image out of urban grit, one of your many gifts of seeing.great composition and a view that will soon look very differentwonderful creation, Maria Luisa!favolosa. Il modellino del nostro mondocomplimenti per lo scatto. ottimo colpo d'occhio. complimenti.awesome...Brava!great picture“Il viaggiatore che oggi torna nella città che ha visitato anni addietro si domanda che forma abbiano finalmente preso le vie, le piazze, gli edifici di cui ricorda i cantieri, con gli scavi profondi delle fondamenta e le impalcature dominate dalle gru dai movimenti indecifrabili. 
Ha passato molti anni a immaginare come sarebbe diventata,  che non riesce a capacitarsi di ritrovare ancora gli stessi scavi e le stesse impalcature, come se il tempo non fosse passato e la vita fosse riassumibile in pochi istanti … Deve allora ammettere che la città immaginata non verrà mai realizzata e i progetti non verranno a compimento, ma  che  la realtà della città stessa è tutta concentrata in quel costruire continuo, che permette ai suoi abitanti di vivere la perfezione di un progetto  senza dover affrontare il  tempo, e  il disfacimento dei muri, e l’ingorgarsi dei ricordi negli angoli più nascosti dei vicoli …”

Sirad &quot;Plagiando Calvino&quot;, 2010Fantastica, perfetti i toni e davvero interessanti le geometrie. Complimenti davvero. :)

Seen on FluidrSuperb photography.favolosa composizione...
complimenti..otiimo titolo!Great composition!bellissima!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato My_Way♫. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomei LOVE that song.
and this is absolutely beautiful.this is so gorgeous Vivien &lt;3this is lovely.YAYAYAYAY!

I love this :Dohhh jeez. that song is so amazing. and the light is gorgeous :)i love that song. so. much. and the lighting here is perfectlovely idea and lightso beautiful :)one of my fav songs
amazing photobeautiful! &lt;3mmmm the light. and that song makes me die.bahhh i was just playing that song!
its beyond words.
i love the light peeking out of behind the hard a lotAbsolutely beautiful lighting. Nice choice of song, too.Stunning.
Simply stunning.i love the lighting!OMG i dont even have words for how beautiful this is.wonderful wonderful wonderfuloh wow, beautifullll.This is so pretty!nice picture!good composition :)Very cute! Love the handprint! :)That is a brilliant song ! 
I miss your uploads daily, pal. Hahah. Busy? :Paww cute concept, nice!!Pretty!! :)This is wonderful!lovely.
nice illuminationi really like the smudges on theseI love the warmth in this :]can i have this lighting please?awwwCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3537972...uh, i LOVE A Fine Frenzy!! :)  love the photo too :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Soulfood Imagery, and we'd love to have this added to the group! Explored that's got to be the most perfect song ever written.

the light in this is sooo heavenly!coolNice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.AMAZING!
Love love love the finger/hand-stain on the window!Fp baby!!aw, i like a Fine Frenzy! :)
this is awesome!!! I love all the finger marks on the window... it's like someone was there but they've said goodbye. perfect for the title
the light is really cool too!Nice lightingThis reaches under my skin.congrats on front page! :)congrats on front page... nice shot..


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)love the warm lighting surrounding the broken heart.should've known you'd bring me heartache, almost lovers always do.

WOOP another front page! go girllllll :Dgorgeous composition.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow i looove the colors in this!gorgeous! :-)great shot.Gorgeous shot, I love the light and the tones. :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful!
Congrats on FP :)i love that song. &lt;3

this picture is simply amazing. :Dlove the song, and lovely picture :)such amazing light wow.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH love this :Dlove love lovei am so insanely in love with that song and this XDI adore A Fine Frenzy, she's a pure sweetheart. Lovely picture :)the light is amazinnng !! love the pop of red too.THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU so much. i don't deserve this at all. but THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!you deserve it totally ! :) I love the light, and that song is so so lovely &lt;3ahhh i missed this! wow so amazing you totally deserve FP!Oh gosh these colors are so beautiful.
Congrats on the front page! This is so sos sososos well-deserved.Amazing! (but the song link doesn't work! I assume it was A Fine Frenzy's &quot;Almost Love&quot;...)love love lovewow - excellent work
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!hey never saw this!

it's beautiful :) great light!Great shot love it :)Beautiful portrait!Gorgeous :) !!!!!!!!so beautiful!
great..So pretty Gina :)Long and beautiful eyelashes....she is a sweetie :-)Gorgeous..I love the detail of her hair and the tones. Very beautiful image.Beautiful tones and compoAnother beauty...so sweet and soft...I love it!so so beautiful!so lovely.  your conversion is gorgeous.what a gorgeous shot.fabulous processing.beautiful captureso beautiful! the focus is so great!stunning!Beautiful! Such wonderful eyelashes!amazing!!! so beautifull &lt;3wow

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing!gorgeous.gorgeous portrait! love the processing. :)Your images have such a feeling of melancholy to them .... making them really tug at your heartstrings.  Images that provoke such strong emotion are truly great!Breathtaking! Love the tones and the way she is glancing down with those gorgeous lashes.stunningthis is perfect.. shadows really make a deep effect :Dreal beauty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!such a beautiful portrait!! Love those lashes!this shot is so sweet and perfectly edited..what a gemgorgeous!!Only one word - STUNNING!
really beautiful and whatever treatment you used on the picture, works absolutely fantastic!Beautiful!Thank you so very much all!Gorgeous.so sweet!Cute portrait and long eyelashes!Lashes to DIE for!Lovely lil girlGorgeous! Lovely texture too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 美和藝術  Beauty and Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Always poetic... :)beautiful. i love her eyelashes! love the texture and black and white processing!she's so precious!! lovely pp! :)rich and beautiful and wonderful. I love this G.Adorable~!
Love the beautiful tones and mood~ADORE the treatment... spectacular shot...very cute..love this..I feel like she isn't a child anymore, she's a beautiful girl now :)Love the moodCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2258521...This is sooooo beautiful!Love this...great portrait!wonderful portrait! the processing is so beautiful.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Brilliant!! It's on Front Page! Congrats.. 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22758

Your other FPs are herevery beautifultoo good..Beautiful...she is stunning...almost gypsy-like with the beads and the pattern on her neckline...Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Beautiful...Beautiful child portrait. Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.beautiful portrait and beautiful treatment!
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )great shot and pp effectAmazing portrait !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Stunning portrait. I really like the colors and the texture.BeautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great portrait!Beautiful image!Beautiful portrait and processing.  Timeless.The texture work is incredible :]why sad?
good pic.Wonderful shot !!I love everything about this, the conversion &amp; treatment fit extremely well.Such a beautiful portrait.  The black and white works perfectly here.great picimmagine stupendaHi, I'm an admin for a group called  Dreams of Sparrows (Post 1 and  Award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Perfect image of child lost in thoughts!This is amazing!!!!! Breathtaking.
Great b&amp;w.ahhhh sooo gorgeous:) lovely my friend!beauty!!amazing!Preciosa foto, FELICIDADESpretty!wow, talk about passion for photography!! This is proof!! Great emotional capture Andrea!!

Good night!!ditto, what jackn888 said....the emotion in this is just.. wow. 
i like your pose as well! :pgreat work!lovely and raw. this is really awesome!Wow, love the tones, the emotion, very interestinglove the mood here... and your expression... and the tones really add up everything...
greaaatt !!!WOW! this is stunning.Waugh!  Just don't cut yourself out there!  L.A. rain water in a foot wound - No thanks!  Haha.  But awesome pic and process came out of it!You look beautiful and beaten.  Wonderful imagery with the puddle.Kinda creepy... but not in a bad way... don't take that in a bad way... maybe I should just stop talking... Ha.

Great work.i love shots in the rain and i love shots with reflections ...hence I love this shot! :)

It's real and intense. Makes me think you are homeless and/or helpless. Kind of like a photographer just found you wondering the streets searching for food or shelter after a big storm.

Excellent self portrait.you
are
so
goodYour pose is very emotive - love it. I also love how you processed this.WOW! Love the light in the puddle behind your head! Gorgeous! And your pose and hair and everything.... lovely shot. Glad you got your rain shot, finally!highly interesting shotLove the pose and water!Oi! Careful not to catch a cold out there. Your hair looks soaked.What you will not do to get a photograph out of your mind and into the camera! it amazes me..

And tomorrow Andrea... You pass the HALFWAY mark in your 365!

Congratulations!love sooo much, awesome uuuwow sooooo good :)Oh my, this is amazing =]oh my, you are truly brave! it was freezing outside and i was wearing a thick jacket when i went out.

love the expression :)oh Andreea you're awesome.
i love the cold tones and the low natural light. also the reflection is great and your expression abs stunning!such a appealing capture.. these moments are easily taken for granted.. i am very pleased you shot this self portrait .. its dramatic and precious .. 
very lovely
-fcSo sensual.i've always wanted to do the rain shot, this is sooo lovely andrea!!

but i'll have to wait for the summer, or at least spring to do it, it's a real winter here where i live!!!i like this!Wonderful shot !!This is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.So Great shotfantastic shot verry nice!
Fantastic expression and photo!great shot! looks like you had so much fun in the rain! &lt;3 the wet hair look!I can dig it.  Sweet shot!This is really intenseMy god this is stunningOutstanding image, great shot and treatment.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful shot! its very powerful and i love the pose!I love this one! I've been enjoying the rain, but not with my camera unfortunately. You are so lovely!Nice photographyeverything here is just so perfect,from the color,water,dress,pose and expression.well done!Andrea - What an incredible capture this is. Has fragile written all over it. I love your reflections and the other reflections in the water. How brave of you to stay here for this long in the water. You are one very brave and adventuresome girl.  A fave for me!!!!

Thanks for sharing.

Seen in your photostream.Þessi er geðveik Helga!!!!Beautiful! Perfect blur in the waterÞessi er flott, vel unnin.Hey, vá... skemmtilegt fuglabað þarna, ég er ekki viss um að ég hafi kynnst þessum fossi í návígi.

Mér finnast líka litlu grasstráin í forgunninum æðisleg, táknræn fyrir íslensku þrjóskuna og einangrunina.fantastic image, beautiful!!! J.B....Beautiful. Nicely captured.Þessi er alveg frábær, skessuketillinn er alveg rúsínan í pylsuendanum hér :)WOW this is brilliant.. incredible work.Takk allir. 
Thanks everyone.

It is one of those waterfalls you can't really visit except in the summer/fall, it lies off a road in the highlands and is not clearly marked.
It is such a wonderful place though, the diversity of the numerous falls make it a place you can visit over and over again.
-it's on the schedule for next summer again. Definately.It is truly beautiful, thank you for photographing it !
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Lovely lovely, H. I really like that contrast between the bigger waterfall and the tiny one feeding into that pool.

Must've been a sight to see in person. :)beautiful capture, i love the little pool in the centerWow, amazing and I agree, so cool with that gorgeous turquoise pool in the middle.sat sri akal dear nice to see you 
beautiful colours, very joyful, pure and peacefulNo words to describe! ...  i'm always inspired by the way you conspire art out of nature. You are the best!Wow, beautiful shot!!!Vel gert kella!wow! love the water fall!Þessi er glæsileg.
Litla tjörnin fangar augað og ærmigufossinn sem fellur í hana.great!Beautifully captured! Nice slow shutter.Hrikalega flottjust fantastic Helga!!Absolutely incredible! Congrats!Vá, myndirnar þínar eru geðveikar !!!Wow!!!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Lovely long exposure!

Seen on FluidrSpectacular shot.  Great work!guau!!!


increibleverry nice.Prachtig Helga.Superbly shot and fantastic treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great shot!What caught my eye was the igneous rock that has its own flow blurred across time.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardSvakalega flott mynd!Beautiful!Array of colors ;) ... Khatarnaak frame!!!good one...are chabuk frame

sighghad cha ghat kaaGreat ...class frame !mastawesome composition and view.beautiful place.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)sky and the branches clutter this one a lot. If you crop from the top and make a pano this will sing.अश्वत्थाला त्याचे काहीच नसते
जशी पाने गळतात ...
तसेच धुमारेही फुटत राहतात ...
.... अश्वत्थाला त्याचेही काही नसतेUgach nahi tumhi amche sir...Awesome man! Where is this location?Like the concept.Thanks Everyone , 
@ Bhushan Mate : baas ka rao , apla next session baki aahe PP cha , bol kadhi basayacha 

@Prashant : will give it a try , thanks 

@Soumi , :) 

@REstless mind : what about the photo ? 

@Bhushan Patil : Even i felt the same way , I tried some edits in ACR so it got messed . Will correct it , thanks for the honest remarksClassic :)Good ShotGreat shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Fantastic shot! Love the colours!Funscrape.Com | More Good Job CommentsAmazing!!Such a wonderful image
Love it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)sir, this is superb. Lovely processedexcellent.but i would have bent a little down to make the clouds apparent.the branch is currently blocking them.Thanks every one !Sir, Class frame. Great Shot.....What a striking image! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.love the winding road
gives us a feel of travel
nice takenice one...determined. 
singularity of purpose here. 
strong woman. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great,.!!I'm pretty chilled by this look!
I'm amaze that your lens still work in that cold.... :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )My prefered photo in the series .... excellent work here!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Please add this exceptional masterpiece to Da Vinci Memories...


DA VINCI MEMORIES
Invited images only
Post 1 - Award 3


--
Seen in some comments. (?)Fantastique regard de coté, mais que fais-tu donc à tes modèles pour qu'elles te regardent avec ces yeux réprobateurs :))this window series, fascinating!!
love the gaze and lightwhat a brilliant play with the glass you've got here recently - bravo, Stephen!Nice work!how nice! i love this really!!Las musas te visitaron/The muses visited you

www.flickr.com/groups/locuras/Emporte ma préférence. A fave !EPIC!A great concept....and a nice looking. 
pas.just read susans take - funny i see the &quot;green-eyed monster&quot; but that aside i love the hint of color at her lips - recalls bergman films for meOoohhh...Love the emotion and atmosphere in this one. Beautifully conceived and executed.Something fishy goin on outside... maybe some frozen fishy ;-) great expression... one imagine what kind of situation she sees...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *LUX - luz - light - luce - licht - свет - lumière - φω, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Magnífica! Um trabalho de Mestre.Du grand Art, Stephen !
bonne soirée à toi
amitiés
christineI'm happy that you have yourself a model but now I need one...you are fantastic!such a beautiful picture, again...The last image on you photostream it great cinema vision!Très belle photo. J'aime beaucoup, cette image à travers la vitre ruissselante. Bravo!Cool shot


You are definitely a Nature Watcher!
Please add this photo to http://www.flickr.com/groups/naturewatching/
and tag your photo &quot;Nature Watcher&quot;thank you for posting this excellent image in  shadowlight

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Shadowlight&quot;. (?)The snow and frost on the window are in her heart as well.  Lovely cinematic work.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Did you purposely position that flake on her forehead? It draws a beautiful Indian &quot;bindi&quot;...!

Nice construction of hot &amp; cold :DBeautiful!Very beautiful and cinematic!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Another fantastic shot. HiGreat shot!!!I've seen things you people wouldn't imagine....
PS
you never stop to surprise me,Stephen!!!
;)

you are blooming here, you know that?
heheeheeeWonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.a foreboding stare...
what is in this mind...?greatStephen, I've been gone for over two weeks and you are still with Emily.  This has lasted longer than some marriages. This shot looks like it was taken here today.  Beautiful as always.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait Award (Invite only -2 for 1 ) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow!!! I like that!!! Looks like sometjing animated or almost like some toy houses! Great colours and light! Great work!!!Nice tilt shift av dette bildet:)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Very cool! Looks like a model of the city.Excellent!

 Where can I buy this model? It looks just like the real thing :-)sweet tilt shift!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Nicely done. The lights look great at night.incredible! looks like magic.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ONE PHOTO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very coolThank you all!  The blue hour and a beautiful weather enhanced the magical of the scene, taken from the mount Fløien.Excellent TS, works so well!fantastic !!Welcome to the ONE PHOTO pool!
22nd week contest--3rd year.

ONE PHOTO
Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1
wow it looks surreal.That is a truly amazing shot it looks, as your other comments have said just like a model...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY I love it.Nydelig bilde! Har aldri prøvd tilt shit før, men det må prøves en dag!this is so cool. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )cool ts-effect:)she's SO cute!! i love her belly!!  she has beautiful hair!Excellent work!!Beautiful! I love the different shades of brown in the flooring and bowl.Perfect!Look who's back! I'm so glad to see this! :) Love the bowl and the cute little smirk!You have some gorgeous props (and gorgeous babies to work with!)Love Kelley. So glad to see you here. :)so lovely!!
beautiful hunk a' sugar she is :)darling!Probably one of the few times where being a chubby girl is actually cute.   And here it certainly is.WOW!!  I love that little trunk he's on.  Great rustic feel.this is so cuteAwww. She is awesome. :)This is so awesome - love it :) !!!!!!!!!!So sweet! Love that lil' girls smirk! And the colors in the flooring is wonderful!so glad to see u back girlie!  love thos rustic prop.Fantastic!Beautifully done.Another fantastic picture!!This round wood bowl was a good find on your part.  It was a snug fit for this little lady, lots of baby to love for sure!  She was a delight to photograph and wonderful parents too.OUCH - goes out to her mamma how gave birth - and wow yet another phenominally good photo! xfantastica tu galeria!!!Oh so beautifuloh my goodness, what a love!
great job, Kelley =)Oh, isn't she a sweetie.  Great job.Sooo sweet ... love the rich tones and beautiful bowl!Tooo adorable for words!  And such a wonderful portrait!Oh wow. Look at all of that great hair too!How precious!!!  Love her pose and that box is awesome!!Wonderful shot !!woooowWonderful shot !!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.When you bleed inside your heart
and there's no one to heal you
just make sure that i'll be there for you
no matter what you will go through ..
i promise i'll be with youTjnn &lt;3:**

Tjnn ;*

el words &lt;33333333
congrats &lt;33 &amp; enjoy your holiday :)
Beautiful shot (L)Great teken !
w elwordz &lt;33 :&quot;D
LOVE u ,Finally! T_T Beautiful shot!
Love your photostream! very original!!Cute
&lt;3 itwohoooo mabrooook 3al ifraaaj ;P

inshallah A's kl ur subjects ^_^ohh finally freedom :P
it feels goood right :Pi know this feeling xD wayeed 7elow .,
btw' your screen name was lulu i guess ? , a7esah kan cute, why did u changed it :&quot;( !awww Thanks my sweetest contacts :D &lt;33

L Ë O N : yes it was , ah really ? idk i felt that it was silly :P , Thak you :) &lt;3Amazing ! &lt;3
I love it &lt;3 the edit, and the title and everything ;*
keep it up &lt;3So Nice ;) ~!pretty shot luuluu what can i say !!

 i loove ur ideas and ur shot  &lt;333 
Mashalla it's more than amazzzin .. 

&quot; Have Fuun ^^ Favahhh Thaaanks :$ &lt;3Fav 4 sure &lt;3favfaved;)*_*Perfect detail!'Her Secrets  :OOh girl that is perfectThis is amazing :)Lovely!enjoy your holiday :D
the words and the ideaa &lt;333 (yyy)Soo Lovely ,,

Comment Me ,,the last day of exams !!! yaaaay i like this feelings =D
....Same thinking i like itView on Explore[!]Thaaaanks everyOne :Disnt this photo similar to that one :| 
www.flickr.com/photos/22251371@N04/4331482383/
!!!Amazing 
Abdaa3ti Mashalla 3leeej
&lt;3 it too Much
Keep Going[http://www.flickr.com/photos/9876378@N04/]
ok people are inspiring :D ! 
the heart is similar , but the place,edit ,focus,angle arent the same :)
so if you guys want to see it like that its up to you , make a big deal with yourselves :)I love it, and the caption is awesome :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love this :)
reminds me of a song called The Bird and the Worm by The Used because the first verse in the lyrics is:
He wears his heart saftey pinned to his backpack
his backpack is all that he knows...

Once again, beautiful photography :)i know that the place, angle etc. is similar .. how would it ever be the same, i wasnt saying it in a &quot; BIG DEAL&quot; way, just knoticed it and felt like saying it .. is there a problem with that ?Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3539425...I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~nice

I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~soooo fave (:Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22755

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Very nice! LovelySuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)wonderful composition!love this :DF ***perfect title
and creative image!interesting message! I hope this is not your heart! Ciao :)innovativegreat inspirationHi, I'm an admin for a group called exeplored picture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!please comment me
www.flickr.com/photos/45801453@N05/4345228303/Lovely ♥ EXPLOREDits Explored :OGreat!!!!!!love the title and the shading ;]]] perfect :}
seen on explore ;pI saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Explorenice pic amazing 

keep it up 

comment me plzzzz ^_^i totally ADORE your photostream !F.P  explore

=)Beautiful light, well done!Love the title!!! :) 
Creative idea and shot!This is fantastic! Excellent work.
--
Seen on the explore page. (?)fantastic work :) 

and congrats for the freedoomlovely idea :)ما شاء الله..!!!!!!!!!!!!!
أروع صورة شفتها هالأسبوع
:D
ألوان و زاوية و تعديل..
لقطة ع الفيف علطولwonderful sentiment and idea, beautifulbeautifully captured!
This is so beautiful !!

Seen in: Life is beautiful!LOTS of thaanks ! 
your comments, and faves , made my day :) ! i swear they did ! 
Thank you Again Guys n_nI saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !this is pure magic.
tony your a genius.Love it!this is just too good.lovethiswow man, this is really nice. i enjoy your processingi really enjoy your stream andrew!Fantastic.possibly my favorite photo you've ever takenthanks everyone!
dylan uzz da manluv you dawgglotsa losers in this phhhhotospecially that sytek characterHi, I'm an admin for a group called ZEITGAZERS, and we'd love to have this added to the group!oh man so much snow...

this photo is tits though. good job.This is fantastic.matty, this was 2 hours before i talked to you! you cant really tell anyways cuz the streets were salted

DUHH

8====D~~~very nice n.ni love this photo so much, may i say my favorite photo of yours?;)wow, this is incredible.

i love the splash of green.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wonderful tones. I like how a little contrast is it. Great composition too and snow makes it all so soft!its actually driving me crazy trying to figure out how you get that washed/lightened look to your photos? any insight?kick ass shot man, I really like the processes you did.Nice shot, great framing and PP!!Tony, you take the best pictures.yeeah, likEitA brand new photo with a difference from the other ones you did. I mean it's not a person standing in the middle of the frame anymore :)this is so so wonderful.What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.very nice composition, fantastic shot!Very nicely composed :)

Seen on Exploreimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!amazing, i love how you captured them!thankyou all so much =]fantastic shot!
love the b n w and the comp.
super.





Wow wow wow. Ich liebe beide Fotos, aber ich finde, sie würden vielleicht besser zur Geltung kommen, wenn sie einzeln wären, aber trotzdem die sind super toll. :)rona i think they fit perfectly, 
theyre both beautiful 
and &lt;3
ill try making you a note to cheer you up :)this is beautiful. i love the movement of your hair, and this is such an amazing concept.I love the way they contrast and yet fit together, with the envelope on your wrist and the ones in the tree. the focus in the lower one is beautiful.
and third in comments, mygoodnessOh gosh. I love your hair in it.yesyesyes.
i love the second in the comments, it's so peaceful.
and there are some really good colours in these :)these are beautiful. I love it.These are wonderful, I love the bold colour against the b&amp;w, just brilliant!oh i love the first in the comments!I love this- creative!the last one in comment is just sooooo awesome.
i am in love with it!I think that these fit beautifully together. Both of the photos are stunning.So so niceeee
Great motion!wow. these are so amazing. i love the idea.what a clever idea,  I love the sequence and the way it ends with your wrist.I love the first one in the comments. Beautiful choise of the colours and stuff. And your hair is stunning, Rona!you are the concept queen. :)
this is really really amazing. I love the colors!Super Idee und tolle Umsetzung! Gefällt mir richtig gut!i love it, i think it works, and i love the words you have to go with it
i totally get themlove these.
they're incredible.Awesome .... Awesome :)
Great work :) love it !!!This lovely!
And such a great idea :]This is so wonderful.Beautiful and so inspiring!wow.such a great idea..i love this!these are all so amazing would love to see them uploaded seperatlySuch a great idea.Ewwww... flickr colors.Beautiful photographs and concept.gosh i love all of these
your hair is gorgeous :Dso inspiring! very beautiful serie!i love both of these a lot!gah these work together so well
I love them both and the concept is just brilliantnice dippy! i like the tones on the second one.
thank you so so much.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/malinamelone/]
hab ich ja in der Beschreibung erklärt. Bei diesem Projekt ist mir am wichtigsten, dass das Foto meine Gefühle ausdrückt, deswegen nehm ich unter Umständen auch mal nich das Bild, das mir am besten gefällt. So hats einfach am besten gepasst.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/katieoak/]
haha thank you &lt;3

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/shutterrunner/]
excuse me?The top one is my favourite, i like the lighting and the contrast, it's really quite thought provoking.
:)you hair is love love loveyour hair looks really great :) ... 
creativebreathtaking
especially the second and third oneYou are so creative.

This is really inspirational RonaSuperb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)excellent...This is so beautiful! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.so beautiful and amazing!I love all of these so much!love thesefantatic shots ..nice stitch too :)this shots could be a good banner for the logo of gmail...

well done!&lt;3
its so cool, and i really like the one on the top, black and white photography done amazingly!so beautiful and creative !what a creative composition.  love it.Not a big fan of this diptych but think that the bottom image is very strong. In fact, I think it's gorgeous.Love the high contrast in the B&amp;W photos!oh I love these. they're so beautiful :)I think they fit (what is more, it's beautiful) , there are very good pictures.Paprika looks very beautiful in these pics! her hair looks amazing and vibrant and her outfit is so cute, specially that hairband in her hair, so pretty! ^_^ she's so feminineI love her curls *_* she is such a pretty Pullip! ♥I love Paprika's wig!Wow she is so beautiful! &lt;3 I love her wig colour!Her hairbrand is adorable and so feminine! Beautiful girl!Aaaaaw beautiful pic ! *________* I love the sweet colors :OOh Olei 
You know that you make sooo happy when I see new Pictures from Paprika. &lt;3 I looooove her soo much. ^__^
You dress her perfectly, my dear.Paprikaaa!! I love her butterfly hairband, did you make it? I love that dress on her too, XFs with a cutesy feminine look are my favorites. &lt;3She is very pretty and charming! &lt;3
Love the butterfly in her hair, it is so beautiful... ^__^I love her!! I love this colour of this pic!! great job &lt;3Wow, the colors in this pic are great! So vibrant!Stunning pic *¬* I love these colors &lt;333
I like her hairband too *¬* it's so delicate!So pretty! I love her hair ♥This is incredibleeeeee &lt;3
She is sooooo cute &lt;3i love this pic , she is so sweet ^.^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Toys =D, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely! Everything about this pic is beautiful but the headband is my fave! ^_^i LOVE PULLIP TOO!!Thanks so much to everyone who liked and faved, thanks also for the nice feedback :) Paprika and I can't thank you enough.. 
 Thanks added ^_^I am in &lt;3 with her! she is absolutly stunning!Darling shot!  Thank you bothShe is sooooo totally one of your photoghenicest girls ♥Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.She's beautiful! :)

Seen in: 
 Toys =D
(Thank you for joining) Thanks:) She really is ^__^
 Oh my thanks 
 Thank you ^___^♥ ♥ ♥My god! This is wonderful, Nikaa! 
I'm without words!
Looks like a flower...Mit is lehet egy ilyen fotohoz irni....??so tender..wonderful tonesso cuteHi, I'm an admin for a group called Waking Into the Dream(1 Post/3 Awards!!!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

sweet!!!!!!too precious for words!so touching and beautiful...So sweet. :) Awesome composition.......Beautiful capture
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Well..., this must be the best 'newborn' photo I've ever set my eyes on.
Absolutely....., phew...!!jaj, de drága!!!!sensible !Cuki!Rózsaszín pihe-puhaság!Really beautiful !!pihe-puha álom :)szuper képfinom...♥ ♥ ♥ thanks♥ ♥ ♥Wonderful shot!Unbelievable creation of art. Lovely!gyönyörű

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Crystal Award-- Invited Photos Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Nem találok szavakat! Csodálatos kép! :o)So pretty !beautiful picture indeed!unbelievable!Very well done!!!habcsókos... ennivaló ouha-piheség..Now that is about as sweet and beautiful as it gets.so beautiful!!!  SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!Gorgeous!so delicate, lovely and sweet... great!so soft...I love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely.... softly effect fits perfect!!!!dreamy and angellike effect.This is out standing...pùder illat,  bàrsonyos bör,  vèdö kezek,  vègtelen szeretet ...
Kedves Nikaa ez az alkotàs!oh my- this is one of the most moving and beautiful photos I have ever seen-- I'd fav it 1000 times plus if I could
fav
gallery
congrats on ExploreAbsolutely incredible...Precious!beautiful color
grandiosa immagine!!!!!!!!!!Puszilgatni-szagolgatni való talpacskák ♥absolutely fantastic,great werkWonderful!This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!molto bellaDi grande atmosfera,e con una bellissima luce!wow Capannelle in versione night!

com' è &quot;alone&quot;!!E' in compagnia della sua fedele ombra!Che bella che è! Una foto simile mi fa rivalutare i sampietrini perché qui sono davvero scenografici!I sampietrini sono sempre scenografici, soprattutto di notte e quando sono bagnati :)solo me ne vo per la città.....!Molto bella ! L'hai colto proprio al punto giusto, per la luce.....

(perchè questa hai preferito non convertirla in bn ?)sembra la scena di un filmParlamentare solitario alla fine di una lunga giornata di lavoro?te stai a pensierizza'! :)
mi piace la scelta della messa a fuoco sul sampietrino.che bella!davvero una bella luce calda e una messa a fuoco particolare!Ho preferito questa versione conm colori desaturati perchè mi ricorda maggiormente l'atmosfera che c'era al momento dello scatto.

Forse era davvero un parlamentare, non so!

La messa a fuoco sul sanpietrino era obbiligata per rendere al meglio i riflessiUna piazza così vuota mi fa pensare ad un orario tardo e i parlamentari secondo me a quell'ora non se ne stanno a lavoro...  ;-Pwowbelle queste tonalitàChi becchi a Montecitorio!?bravomolto bellaCome sempre scatto da maestro....... 
penso che sia montecitorio o sbaglio??
L'inserimento della figura nel riflesso e' un tocco di classe e delicatezza... superbo controluce notturno .Sì è montecitorio!D'Alema? Sembra lui.like the cleannessMUi bUEna fOto! rEally gOod!per me è uno a caso, ma fa la sua enorme bella figura comunque!!!

g_uCon le luci gialle di Roma queste foto sono spettacolari.
Fantastica questa.Caspita che bella.
Bell'atmosfera, rende persino piacevole il pensiero di una serata uggiosa come quella di ieri, ad esempio.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Bel notturno

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Cammina, cammina... arriva in Explore! :-)spettacolo Maestro!!!!!!dacordo!
spettacolare, MAESTRO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!molto bella!Interesting atmosphere ! Nice shot =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Great shot - there is a story here waiting to be told.  Beautifully done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Bellissimo scattto !!!!!!!!!!!!Wonderful shot, thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)di bell'effetto

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cinema '60 o Nouvelle Vague?i sampietrini sono bellissimi...This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!The impressionistic style of these images is superb Chris. Fabulous painterly quality to them.Stunning for its vibrant colours and sheer simplicity of composition.WHAT 
your good damn itLike a painting!Simple with great colour - nice!stunning - inspiring stuff ChrisWonderful imageColour now!! I guess I'll adjust! Rather beautiful, I must say.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Looks like two levels of movement - upwards and then sideways?  Great finish regardless....this is FantasticHi, I'm an admin for a group called PICTURAL, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

very niceamazing abstractExcelente !!Terrific composition - the colors are so alive!Gorgeous colors and light.you are getting very good at thisGorgeous!Beautiful.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very beautiful atmosphère !Really liking your technique.Beautiful!beautifully evocative minimalism - again!very nice work..Beautifully simple.beautiful color
Wonderful shot!
So wonderful please accept this invitation to

Flickr Bronze Award  
Post 1, and award 5I think it is the cloud that has made this for me - a small element of detail in an otherwise abstract shot. StunningAre you sure you're color blind? Great series!Beautiful! Dooji ... MEMA!D.photgraphy
Hind
Glitteri.Awesome&lt;33Lovely &lt;34ever
favedn!!!ce

4 ever:D4 eva;*i love this photo :D

mashallah amazing (Y) !

&lt;3amazing;**Faaav ~ Thanks all ...(L)(L)
fav&lt;33 Thanks (F) ..cuuute hi el9oora :&quot;
wayed a7bha :'$
abd3ty 7bebty :*WOW
Raw33 all p!C
sO n!Ce
! l!Ke !T
lOVet Walla
Keep !T Up
^
^
Comment my new pic &gt;&gt;
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33717040@N06/4342477087/] Thanks ...7lowa &lt;3
Miss u =&quot;(this is amazing. :)wowwThe Love let always make perfect shots... Great composition.. Thanks . REMA ; Miss u moreI like this Image,. x Thanks.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore. Thank you ...tender image... :-)


 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 

Thank u ;)Wonderful!!!!

--
 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Hearts- post 1- give 5 hearts&quot; ( ?² )  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts Great shot. Cool DOF. Like the blur here.
  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts Awesome image, excellent shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)fantastic
*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. 3thabness ♥____♥Hi, I'm an admin for a group called background: water (no horizon), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

sweet sentiment, and bokeh!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)&gt;Awesome!! Thanks All ... (F)
Fav ♥ .. !sigh*****Beautiful, so sweet :)Muy sentimental y bonita Thanks All ..Although I like #1 better, I do like this one also because it has a certain dark quality to it that reminds me of Halloween for some reason.

Don't forget to check out this month's contest, 
Self-Inspiration

Congratulations! You've Received
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;!!*!!*!!The Special Globe!!*!!*!!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 The World Through A LenseThis is so moody and atmospheric. I love the darkness in the forground surrounding the reflection. Excellent shot, Bill.Bill,  this is one of your best.   Great shot !!!!Wow very nice Bill!!! This looks like a shot from 'The Village'!Diddo Evan, he beat me to it...exactly what I was going to say!As good as the first.  Fog and reflections work well together.This photo exudes ethereal beauty and has a wonderful atmospheric vibe that is quite compelling! Very, very well done!Beautiful, romantic photo. The black and white gives it a dreamy, melancholy tone... very lovely and poetic.

--
Seen in the group&quot;The World Through A Lense (Post 1 Comment 1, Contest Open)&quot; (?)melancholy defined!the dark foreground is so amazing, like the image just appears out of nothing.... outstanding reflection on the pond and mysterious fog.... super Bill!Beautifully moody!Where are the vampires?You sure have any eye for what will be breathtaking. Another great shot...Exquisite work Bill!  This is so eye catching &amp; moody.I've tried a shot like this serveral times and couldn't get that Billo look. Awesome shot! I really like your shots like this.I love the dark tones and the fog Bill. I think the barn in the other shot adds depth, but this has a wonderful vaguenss that draws you into its depths. Lets call it a toss up and another fave!Your View of The World is Amazing! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The World Through A Lensesuch a great captureGreat shot, very atmospheric.Cool shot! The atmosphere is great!Very good capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful foggy scene Bill!! Well done!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautifully dank!
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )A wonderful misty mood, my kind of shot :)Eye candy! Gorgeous image, congrats!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)BEAUTIFUL SHOT!!! The contrast is amazing, and the reflection is wonderful! Great work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so peaceful and calming.eish hal 7anan &lt;3 ;p*7b 5shom* yallah 7ayhm :p :*&lt;3 ithehe Thankslovely mn glb ya glby ah&lt;3ouch:(Look u who's here ;p !! 

Taw ma nwr il mkan ! Missed ur pics like hell ! &lt;3so beautiful!lovely :)wowness *.*amaaziing ♥♥♥♥♥♥Faaaav :*lovely&lt;33&lt;3Gorgeous contrast between the red and b&amp;w &lt;3&lt;3
Beautiful mood.. I'm in love with the red tulips &lt;3amaazin' shot (Y)
loved iit alooot
well Done :)Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Wonderful shot !!great shotN!ceWonderful pic mi amigo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)greatthis is great! fantastic isolation!
good idea to...hahaLOVE!!!!I love it looks great!This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!D.Photography Palce ;*مبرووك

يزيين ذا المكان واللهfinally u finished the schoool looool  mabrook , !! 

wow , el edit 5yaaaal walaaaa its amazinnng *_* 

faved , :DOh w a5eern yalla mabrOuk ♥♥good work 
|_|

&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3ya lbaaa alwkrh walllaaah :* w lbaaa aly 7jaazli ana &lt;33333Faaaaaaavvvvvvveeeeee O.Ofainalllllllyyy ma be'3aito t5al9oon weh :P !
congratsMbrook =D 
sure it is a good felling .. 

nice view 
Sooooo romantic =PHOPE f ***** -_-' !yeah HOPE -__-&quot; intyy shno 3jal ?Great place &lt;3Allay&lt;3 tjann my dreamles !
mbrok :p nzlii al7een wayd okii ? :$Wooow , Raw3a :)
Fave akeiidwooow so nice 
=)
keep going 

comment me plz =PAMAZING PIC *_* mashallah 3alaich fanana 

FaaaaaaaaavCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3727064...Congraaats :DCongrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22729Hi, I'm an admin for a group called # joy, anger, sorrow, and pleasure .. all, and we'd love to have this added to the group!COOL !!!!!!!

_ _
www.that-that.ruFront page explore
Congrats :DEXXPLLOORRREEE FP yal.fnnnaaannnaaa ;)congrats...excellent
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!faved;*...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool mabroook ;o i7sas 7iloow 9a7 ? ;p
al 9oora chee (Y)
abda3teee &lt;3
faveeeeeeeeeedLovve u and i miss you &lt;3This is great :)Awesome capturefoto linda *-*Thank's all :'DYAL... z***Wow, great !!!well composed and framedI love this photo!Thanks. I took it twice on two differnt rolls. It was the final frame on the first roll, and when went to pull it out I realized that I forgot the finish winding the camera so the first negative was half ruined. I debated on retaking it. I finally decided to go back (500 ft hiking back through the snow falling twice) to get the shot. here it is.enchanting, I love the subtlety of the snowy ground against the backgroundWell worth the effort. Nicely done.Perfect Black and white! I like it!Superb, well worth the hike back.
Not too keen on keeping the black border though, but it takes nothing away from a beautiful shot.niceWell composed! Beautiful tree!love this composition! So simple and so strong!

I'm an admin for a group called Film nature and landscape photography, and i'd be glad if you add this picture to the group and join it!bretahlessLike a painting. Just perfect.great shot!

--
Seen in the Explore interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful composition, contrast, and tone.beautiful, beautiful work.Beautiful shot!Gorgeous, serene, 'simple' but yet very attractive.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.nicely donethis is beautiful, lovely comp!LOVE your collection...Incredible work!poetic and delicate shot! process technically perfect really good!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic composition and editing, the black and white conversion is spot on!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful in its simplicity.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.So simple and calming. Beautiful bw....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Gorgeous shot!! i love it!!!
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day GroupAmazing b&amp;w photo.....love it.   FAV.i always love the golden colors in  your picturesIt worked :) Glad you redid it because I didnt see it before. The tones are so warm and gorgeous, glad you are feeling better.amazing light, as always!Very Very Beautiful shot &amp; love the title toooh my :)
loving the light.
AS USUAL of course.Amazing light man. Love itOh dear, you've lost an arm!  Kidding, kidding.  Love your work with the sun.Beautiful Zack! I'm so jealous that you have sun, I really miss it!Zack, it's not you, it's Flickr and it's happening to everyone. Instead of reposting, just bump the upload time. 

Gorgeous light...and yes, the sun has been missed. Can't wait for summerThanks Cat, I was trying everything earlier, even changing the upload time and nothing was working :( haha, glad it's not just me though!Your sun flare pictures will never get old :)ah, sun! glorious (:oh my goodness i saw the thumbnail and FREAKED OUT. and then i clicked on it and freaked out AGAIN. this. is. so. gorgeous.Love the colors, sun flare, and composition!!!! STUNNING SHOT!!!!!how you can get the sun to bear with you i will never know :)you remind me of like a hen in this picture :) This whole thing actually started last night so who knows when it will be fixed.you always get the best sun kisses Im jealous 

&lt;3Beautiful light.  I need to find me a field like that!  :-)I love the lighting and the sunflare is amazing! :Dbeautiful light and flare.Your pictures rock Sir! I can't wait to shoot outside... but where I live... the sun doesn't give much warmth at the moment but your pictures do. :)I love it! The golden tones are amazing!
And I'm very jealous. In stead of waking up to sunlight, I wake up to snow, móre snow...Dig the backlighting! Nicely handled!Please join and invite your contacts in
 The largest group in the world.



 We may establish a world record!! yaay! the sun is back! =]
good to see some sun/flare's/light in on of your pics again!i love this picture. everything about it is amazing :)zach, this is excellent!!! love the burst over your shoulder and the colours!!i love this picture and focus¡oh my gosh.
you're the king of the magic sunflare ;)
and of catching the brilliant colors of sunset..beautiful capture of a wonderful moment.beautiful flare!you have the best golden hour photos!WOW. so happy to see one of your natural light photos, even though your strobe photos are amazing too :D :Dthe light  is insanely beautiful.how fun!  wonderful comp and treatment.mmmm
great!!!Are those chocolate covered pretzels??? Yummy photo and love the processing!How adorable!  They look so good!  I love the colorful sprinkles.  : )

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I love the heart shaped lovely's. I totally would them feed to my dolls too if I would be her.Wonderful shot!Beautiful shot!  So sweet of her to share with her dolls:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Awww - I would totally be feeding these to my dolls! ;]

Beautiful focus!awww adorable and yummy !!! lolLove this!!!! Way adorable!haha...beautiful texture and colors...yes, I would feed my dolls this and eat a few myself :)This is very prettyThose look yummy!  And what an adorable shape!They look so delicious!!!
The photo is wonderful...love the background!yumminess!Deliciously beauuuutiful!so sweet!  Love the processing.yum! : )yum!! The textures look fabulous!Definitely!

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…Those look so sweet and yummy!Absolutely. I love the focus on this. perfection.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~

really nice.Doll food what?? More like mine those chocolate covered pretzels look so delicous love the sprinkles being hearts is so fun ::))Brilliant DoF, light and wispy textures!  Congrats on Explore! :)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !Looks yummy! great shot!  
Ciao, ci piacerebbe che questa foto facesse parte del nostro gruppo.

Aggiungila su ...Life... Excelente!!!This is wonderful. I love how the fog separates the two passages of clarity.This is far and away the best!

You have been invited to add this image to Far and Away the Best! 
Please tag photo with F.A.B.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SIR HENRY AND CO...  New contest &quot;Here comes the sun&quot;!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

soon you will have spring.....neve e sol soprattutto sono un mix fantastico!!!Really awesome work!Beautiful.

BEAUTIFUL SHOT!!!

YOU ARE INVITED TO DISPLAY YOUR IMAGE



FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 Award 5 wooooow che meraviglia...uno splendido paesaggio!!!!wow!!!! great shot!MagnificaSuperb photo. All the right elements from where you are standing.Nicely captured. Well done.Magica!Powerful shot with the mountain peeking out above the fog.Nice shot!
good to see you in SIR HENRY AND CO

post 1/award 1wow, amazing and at the same time wonderful picture!extraordinario ese color limpio, bien realizada.Woww! Unique! Bravo!gorgeous layers of nature in this....excellentLove the scale of the boat, seems so small and inferior to the mountains.one of yours best shot :DFabulous!!!


Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3Beautiful composition, great atmosphereawesome capture....very niceFantastic shot.Great shots my friend, wonderful place..thank you for sharing it, and for comments, appreciate it.beautiful!  wonderful photo - so well-balanced and interesting...and of course enticing!  I think I would love to live in Italy for a year...or  more...  : )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice. I love it.



Seen in 
FLICKR IDOL : Post 1 Award 5 Bellissimo scatto......belle le nuvole che dividono in due la foto!
Complimenti!Very nice!! So beautiful!!
Congrats!!What an amazing picture. Very nicely captured - not sure you could improve upon it!Fantastic image!!breathtaking shot!nice composition!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.This is really out of this world capture Federica!  Love it!awesome 

Seen on FluidrI like the landscape in this great shot.boy you sure have  alittle of everything in this!!!   wonderful capture..love the boatMolto bella con quella nebbia che crea una atmosfera misteriosaAnd I first thought you had been on an arctic journey...
There is greatness in this photo. I really like it.
Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~



Seen in: Real MagicWOWI very much like the fog-space being central to the image!
.不錯哦...  頂De toute beauteFabulous capture!amazing! stunning capture!great cinema!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called jusTfordrEAM, and we'd love to have this added to the group!op een warme fiets dan.The yellow warms up the chilliness!Great shotSehen und gesehen werden.I absolutely love it!!! Great panning shot and cutout!will never stop....not until another yellow bike in China comes the opposite wayPerfect panning, nice colour choice here !!Selektief kleurgebruik.......altijd leuk om toe te passen.....mooi !Magnifico tratamientomooi gedaan hans!Does she work for the post office? They use yellow bikes here... I love how you have frozen just her and the other passers-by have motion blurs, great street photography.wonderful .. yellow is such a nice contrat to greys.Helemaal gaaf!!!...die post kommt :-)nice contrast...love the motion blur..!!cool ! funny bicycle , i like it  .... great work !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)excellently taken and processed.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Fantástico trabajo.:-) Geel op zwart is top!Is zij niet 'n beetje groot voor zo'n fiets.........???
Of is die fiets 'n beetje klein voor haar????
Lekker geel op zo'n grauwe dag Hans..........beetje zonnig geel
 kunnen we wel gebruiken.Very nice selective coloring. Well done.Great shot and lovely selective color processing!!Mooie panning...altijd mooi om te doen en om te zien....heel mooi ook de gele contrast met grijs.Terrific colour! Nice work! =)Super! Mooi panningshot!Muy buena y qué fuerza le da el amarillo de la bici,si, muy buena idea.Perfecte panning , Hans !
Geel en Zwart  , de kleuren van onze Vlaamse Leeuw !Fabulous composition!!Bellissima!;-)) Gave pan !!Excellent composition and edition !!!Gaaf gedaan, Hans, geweldig !!!Great shotKnalgeel op zwart is wel heel erg gaaf..........................een toppertje Hans

Deze gaat het weer maken............

Jannice treatment....beautiful work, buena desaturacion selectivaWoooW 

Nice pic!!!!!!!!!Prachtig panning en selective colour effect ... beiden staan nog op mijn to do lijstje maar ben bang dat het even zal duren voor het resultaat is zoals deze !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice workals dat toch eens zou kunnen  :)
brrr...wat had ik het koud op de fiets vandaag.

mooi gedaan.Nice selective saturation.

My today's photo / Mi foto de hoy

&nbsp;Great work!!!
Excellent cut-out and panning!!!a hot bike, Hans

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )great cutout, hans.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Goeie uitvinding!you rock!nice candid scene and great SC..well done HansWOW, this is a masterful work, Hans.nice selection of colours

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)nice cutout Hans!!Als grapje leuk, maar ik zie 'm liever in echt Z/W!
(Je hebt geluk, ik hou wel van 'n grapje!)Prachtige uitdrukking op haar gezicht..  Hoewel ik niet zo van selectieve kleur hou is dit wel knap gedaan.!  Ze is ook zo mooi scherp in een bewegende wereld.Maybe this is a &quot;bike-cab&quot;?... ;-)) Love that very interesting treatment so as the composition. That's a lovely motion picture.You´re so clever in this ... Cool shot, Hans !Erg leuk! De titel is super!wat een heerlijke fotoFantastic photo !great panning action...love the splash of yellow!!This is creative out of creative.atrapante color...................beauty  imagen!!!Tão bonita! Gosto muito!So  sci-fi  picture, cinematic, impressive, fun  element  flavouredfantastic.. love the selective colours hereHi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!NICE, where do you live??Nice use of the treatment, Hans.sat sri akal dear 
That's very pretty!^_^ Beautiful!  I love the colors and the focus! ^_^nice process. i like it.

interesting panning shot ReenenJe weet van iets 'gewoons' toch weer iets heel bijzonders te maken! Knap hoor.knal geel !
prachtig met die bewogen zwart-wit achtergrond
favje !Excellent composition .great shot!!wat mooi met het selectief kleurgebruik!!!
fijne dag Hans!Great shot, dear Hans !Dat zou mooi zijn, verwarmde fietsen!The bright yellow bicycle brings this shot to life.Great!!  Love how you have highlighted the yellow.  Very nice work!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Lovely shot..!  Happy a good Wednesday, my friend..!!Great BW with color shot, Hans. Love the motion here.Very nice composition and perspectiveja mooi gedaan dit selectieve geel; prachtplaatgoodworkGreat work my friend, fantastic colour selectionGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthgood panning shot, and funny idea with the selective coloursuperb shot, excellent use of selective colorExcellent movement, love the selective colouring.Gaaf effect zo met t zw/w, goeie kleur daarvoor :)Du plus bel effet.Knap werk, leuke plaat!Muy bonita la selección del color solo para la bici, muy bueno.Excellent panning shot and selective coloration!cool selective colorsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Chapeau! (invited only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So beautiful and original idea

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Belle photoExcelente cutout y barrido.
Un saludo.Wonderful image !!Perfect panning! She and the non-rotating parts of the cycle are so sharp. Hate to think how long the selective colour took!From all my contacts you set the benchmark for perfect every-day-pictures!Beautiful selective colour! Love the motion!Gut gemacht.:-))

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful Capture, my friendMocht ze willen .................... fraaie foto!great panning Hans..lovely color on a BW (though selected)..outstanding work!The yellow bike in the white and black surroundings is great !Great selective colouring. Love the yellow bike and the scene in general. Nice!The yellow bike-marine?
Very beautiful and very good job!well done, Hans !Very beautiful!Wonderful image, great shot my friendHi, I'm an admin for a group called Espressione fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow.. pretty good capture.. but the selective colour really fantastic!!helemaal leuk!Gorgeous Hans! very nice contrast!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Realmente fabulosa. El contraste del amarillo con el blanco y negro me encanta. La toma es curiosa, iba la gente a más velocidad que la bicicleta?nice selective colors!Awesome panning! Love the yellow!Great selective work Hans, perfectly done.it&quot;s wonderful Hans, the yellow selective color is superb !
fantastic colour and composition !!!Beetje klein fietsje.......maar prachtig geel!superb...superb...lovely....Deutsche Bundes Post used to have bikes in 'Gelb'.
But, this one is definetely a typical Dutch Bike...leuk Hans
ik had laatst ook zo'n ingeving
excellent shot and processingFantastic shot...I love the B &amp; W with the color of the bike.Perfect cutout!

Seen on FluidrMooi snel en gelig Hanzel...  een panning zoals ik van je ken..fantastic shot and colors!
Wonderful use of selective coloring - great shot!wonderful imagewonderful slective colouringLove this!:)
Gr8 SC~!~Great post production and super photo skills you show us Hans.Nice selective colour and the motion blur adds some energy.Ondertussen waarschijnlijk gejat. Ziet er snel uit.I think its in amsterdam..grt color combinationpretty amazing, reallyGreat shot Hans! I like yellow bycicle and
wonderful desaturating process. Congrats........Schitterend contrast!Wonderful panning
Excellent workGreat shot! I love the movement in this.Excellent capture, brilliant edit. Perhaps do a red-hot version as well?Excelente toma.I remember the bikes, the canals and the blond women in A'dam.Excelente trabalho!!!  Muito, muito bonita!!!

Parabéns!Ook weer schitterend bewerkt Hans...mooi......Love your yellow...Buen barrido y el desaturado parcial, manteniendo el color de la bici, muy atractivo.
Saludos.Heel mooi!Superb !zo eentje wil ik ook! Prachtig effect!Cool selective colour Hans!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)nice photo!!cool!!Het Gele Fietsenplan! ;-)Aha, het kleine gele fietsje.Very nice scene and great process !Great use of selective colouringthe ground looks so cool

beautiful pictureGreat composition
 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo.
After three awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group!
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo incredible tones. i like the muted colors.WOWi love the tones and your poseoh my god, this is fantastic! I love the tones.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so jealous
:)

and i like thisCongratulations on your new camera! (: I love the tones in this shot &amp; I like the action in the one in the comments.I was so good and waited until the description was there :]
AHHH THAT IS SO AWESOME!!!! that is great, really, and you should definitely make a video
this is great by the way. I love the tones and the thing/machine behind you reminds me of a porcupine.It will be worth the 7 months :)
can't wait to get mine D:

and ahh the tones in these are sick.sweet processingthis is amazing
still so jealous of your 7dThis is gonna make your photos so much better so fast...i cant wait to see where your going to go with!Congrats on the 7d!  Nice shot, too!ohmygoooosh you're so insanely lucky. 
and i love love love love (x239472) the one in the comments!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cream Fog Tone, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 wow nice tone &lt;333nice! ha i wish i had the money for a 7D. can't wait to see all of the pictures you take with it!made me think of  a Samuraii'm so excited for you and thinking of the ideas that you could do :Dwhat are you gonna do with your old one D:gorgeous tones, I'm so excited to see what you do with your new camera...insanely jealous hahaI think this picture is faboulus. You will rock the 7D I am so sure of it.This is a really cool picture!The one in the comments is awesome!
Really looking forward to the pictures with the 7D!Beautiful shot!! I'm excited for your new camera!! Wow..a 7D is a great choice..can't wait to see what's next!!cool shot!Love the tones. Nice !The colors are insane!superb tones! your 7D drives you crazy!congrats on your camera. awesome images. great tones. great location.Wonderful tones, congrats :Dsend me your old camera? (:
i like the ground in this; i think it's under the definition of frostbitten in the dictionary.You may dislike it, but I love it!  The tones are awesome as well as the pose!!!this is insane!
I love it :D
Congrats on your camera, I cant wait to see you furture workI love the tones :)THIS FUCKING ROCKS, JETT. 
I am in love.love these!love it very nice...I have that camera, it's amazing! Your gonna do great with it :)You're the blank angel!yes
yes
yes
omg the tonesThis is so so so so so so so (you get the point) gorgeous!i love the rich colors!ugh, so perfect.
that light, that balloon. &lt;3yes this is wonderfulthis is so so beautiful.1. hurumph, overexposed


2.

3. 

4.

5.these are all so stunning!this is so perfect!oh my god &lt;3wow... that light. is wow.all of these are absolutely amazing. the light and the colors are fenomenal. lovelovelovethese are all so beautiful, wowwwww.oh man, your film is so beautiful.oh my incredible
this is so beautifulb e a utiful. the lighting is lovely.wowzersholy dookie these are amazing!!ahhhhh perfect seriouslyOh my gosh.
My film photographs NEVER come out this awesome. And you were using my camera. You're just freaking good!
I must still develop mine though. Hahasighh these are beautifulthey're all so perfect.wow, beautifuli say dear lord every time, but dear lord alex..Oh my gosh. &lt;3 I love the simplicity of this but I really love how the red balloon stands out.the colors and tones are amazing, so beautiful. 
i love all the pictures in comments, especially the firstksdkajdakjd oh my god i love these. stop being so incredible :)I like the light and the focus, very nice :):)A very nice photo, I like the lightthis is so beautiful!Fantastic light !good work, well done! congrats!This is so lovely, beautiful idea :)i love the little red balloon! oh my gosh 1 and 5 in comments are so beautiful!!!! :)This is superb, great work!Very beautylovely!lovelyi think this is 321894721 times better because it's on film. i also loooove the tones and light. amazing!oh my gosh, the main one is gorgeous.
the light is incredible.che spettacolo!!!....very nice...;)i really love this photo!oh my god
everything about this is so perfecti love this, so much. even the over exposed ones are greatthat's a balloon right?

Mary Claire and I were just talking about doing something with balloons. i love pictures of balloons.thanks everyone :]

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/alexsloan/] fo sho, you can't see the string too well though...wow, this is...e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph.awwww this is amazing/ wowThis is beautiful--what a great capture!Seen in:
  
Concordians 
please tag your picture&quot;concordians&quot;Seen in:
  
Concordians 
please tag your picture&quot;concordians&quot;Seen in:
  
Concordians 
please tag your picture&quot;concordians&quot;Seen in:
  
Concordians 
please tag your picture&quot;concordians&quot;Very very BeautifulBrilliant shot; such beautiful one!!!
Thanks for sharing!so beautiful.This is spectacular Lauren, another winner!
DDA - The Photo Warrior ***Invite Only*** 


INVITE to post photo... 
I think this photo is a
 
- Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/.
- After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShot.


A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.




Congratulations! You have been given the Crystal Award ~ Invited Photos only . Please post your photo to the group.


GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to 
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardFabulous composition in this gorgeous capture.  Great colour and clarity.    The foreground rocks, uprights and sun all make this a wonderful shot.Beautiful composition and tone !!!  Love it....Seen in:
  
Concordians 
please tag your picture&quot;concordians&quot;Great Tones...
Fantastic shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Miracle of Natur, and we'd love to have this added to the group!interesting forms and lines...highlighted by the low light.  (o;

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very nice exposure.stunning sunset Sayran....what a wonderful photographer you are!Stunningly beautiful! Love the tones. Gorgeous image - first class fine art.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Stunning image!  Right up my street! 

Mark

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Love the detail of the foreground...beautiful shot!!  This really needs to be seen large to appreciate how fantastic it is. :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful sunset. The lines of the pier draw your eye to the sunset and it's reflection in the water. I also like the sunlight reflects off the rocks in the foreground.stunning, a beautiful image wow 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is crazy good! Off the charts! Love, love, love it!!! Instant favorite!!!You sure were spot on with the exposure!  Well donegorgeous ! fantastic shot.wow your work inspires me more than you know
well donei love this!Beautiful composition.. Love the way framed the sun apart from them.Totally AWESOME!Gorgeous reflections and texture!!!Beautiful shot - great composition
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)That wonderful glow from the sun warms my heart!excellenttttttttttAmazing shot, so beautiful my friend !!Beautiful! Love sunset across water....marvelous shot , nice tone 

I am admin of this group called Concordians. We would love it for you to share your pictorial moments with us.


Concordians
please tag you picture &quot;concordians&quot;excellent perspective.!!! this is absolutely stunning!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Landscape,Seascape,Skyscape QUALITY Photography! Post 1 Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So beautiful!!!Wow, beautiful shot!!!Very beautiful shot..!  Happy a good Wednesday, my friend..!!Lovely evening shot!Excellent exposure at sunset!!

Well taken,
GRTZ,BENGorgeous exposure and perspective. Very nice colors. :)Congrats on Explore for this beautiful capture, Lauren!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow! I like the soft focus and the brilliant composition.Wow!!!Beautiful light!Nice - that light is warming my toes...A great shot and fantastic POVluv this photoBeautiful shot!I like the colors in this beautiful sunset shot.love itFabulous shot, awesome composition and color 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)stunning shot!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of Canon EOS 5D Mark II 2 Users. (?)Gorgeous shot ! lovely angle and light !awesome!

very nice dear sayran

keep it upfantasticlove your compo, your shots are always so perfect :)Very beautiful view ..
Great place .. And work really greatFdait'ha ;*2
يا لبيييييييييه :*
تجنن بسم الله ع قلبها ()
ومعالجتك بطلة والله
ليتك تشرحينها لنا بالتفصيل ^^&quot;
()
,,Mashalla 3leeha
raaabi y7f6'haa mn kl shr :*
great shot bro. (YY)7beeebtii 
mshallah 3laihaaa :*عسسسسل فدييييييت قلبببببببها ;$
يآزييييييين البنااااااات :D :D 
ماشاء الله تبارك الرحممممممن
الله يحفظها ويخليها لكم ان شاء الله
لبببببى قلببببببببببها آلمزيييييونه :* :* :* 

~يآدمالووو ، مآشآء الله !mashalah :)mashalla &quot;cutttaaaaa =*** mashallah
7bait il EDIT *_____* !!@ &lt;3333ماشاءاللهmashallaaah
allah ya7f'6haa
3sssssssssl :P
faavAaa5 fdeetha &lt;33333 Mashallah 3leeeha Waaid Cuuute :&quot;$ Rbi y7f`6ha w y5leeha lkum (h5) :* 7beeet el.edit mn Gulb (L) Sorry 7md mali 5lg aktb commentat 3dlh nfs gbl :&quot;)fdeeeeeeeeeeeet'ha walla 7bebti atynnnn mashalla &lt;3
3jeeeba al.shoot walla ., 7beeet'ha wayed
faaaaaav =Dwhah 7md el focus F'6ee3 *.*
el edit waayed 7lu. 7md eynn :')
waayed 3jbny, mashalla hee b3d m7lyh el 9oorh ♥ 
7md 3la gooltk el 9oorh w editha y9y7oooon :')
fnanaa walla :')mashallaTjnn mashallah :**Mashallah
favedfdait 8albhaaa anaa eljameela*MASHALLAH* i love this girl :* x'D 
o i love your edit :O&lt;3 
o ejazaaaa haah ? :Psuch a sweetie!! love those blue eyes! :)واي عليها مشاءالله عليها تجنن 
الله يحفظها ويخليها لكم يارب
فديييت روحها انا واكيد اكييد فييف 
وانا مغمضه ابدعت ياحمد الله يخليها لكمTalk about 
CutenesS ;D YAYY
fdetha love her'
like always fav&lt;3fdeeetha ana 7beeebty =''') mashala * ;******* &lt;3333333333333333333mashalla ..mashallah !
tjneen hal bent &lt;33 !
allah y7f'6ha mn 3yoon el.7saad :* !aww mashalla 3leha shes so cute ♥
and the edit is so Freaking crazy 7md loved it :&quot;D !Gosh this is cute!!! Lovely smile :-)Mashalla ♥tbaark alr7maaan ;;) fdaaithaa so cuuutiiieee lil pie ;p &lt;3 mashallah 3laihaaa and allah y7f'6haa .. and nicely edited (Y)

Mashallah .. 
3saha doom hal smile =)

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Big Fav. ! &lt;3 Ya Zeeenha , Rby Y7f'9ha ♥♥mshalla 3leeeeeeeeha 

fdeeetha walla 8mmmmmmmmr :)

rabi ya7f'9ha ,,


faavcutieYaaaaa a7ebhahal ntoofaaa  
Gr8 edit &lt;3Mashallah *ugh halbnt tjnn@@
mashallah mashallah
a7sha tfkr fe shi shrer(^)
FAVتبارك الرحمن 
فديت قلبها 

ربي يحميها3yoooniii hl.jazii , mashallah tabarkallah ;***
....mashallah &lt;3She always drive me crazy mashallah ....love her &lt;3Cutiiii Mashalla
Fdeeehaa al-jameela anaaa
Umwaaaaaaaaaaaaaa7 
(K)(K)
7yaatiiii Thbll 
Haay Maltyyyy ,, xD
__
Lovely Shot
Mobdeee3 Mashalla 3leeek
Keep Going ,, ;)ya lbeeeeh hal gurl ;$;**Jazoooooooy Fdeeeeeeeeeetha 7beeebty ana 
Amoooooooooot 3leeeha 
Allah y5leeha lhalha :P
7mdooooooo 
ba6lb mnik 6alab bas plz la itrdny :$:$
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :P
aby ilphotoshop CS4 ilCD 
plz 3a6 jassooom fe ilskooool if u CAN 
thnQ
TCMashalla 3laa this girl alla y7f6'haaa &lt;3333
Fdaaaaaitha (L) , (K)
Tjnn el pic walla 
Keeep It Fooo8 =)●●αℓzα3ємα●● ²º¹º 

neahahahaa :P inshallah inshallah yal b8ra :P yom a6l3 m3a jsom ymkn il yoom b36eeh il CD 3shan y36eech :P , thank you :P

thanks all :Dthat's totally cute .!!! :D 
*mashallh*
 great shot :)-.- Wee... I remember the picture you downloaded knt katb.. Y8haron elnas ele y7thfon their accounts..Oo ktbt ma8ala 3anhom -___- Now you deleted yours.. (Tawny adryy)  bl9edfa sub7ana alla 9edfa sheft your comment 3ala pic.. I was like.. Hmm I know who write these kinds of comments.. I opened your account I was like.. O.O ???? Ba3dain 3arft that u deleted ur account   -.-
Anyways.. YAlla good luck with this one.. Really loved the shot.. She looks adorable masha'Alla!! God bless her.. a7bha ;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;) &lt;3
mashallah X10000waaaay, she looks so cute here mashallah!! , e7lwt 3n 8bl :P , 7llw el edit here , specially the sparkles of her eyes :P , your shots are getting better and better :P , w eee la7a'9t shaay , laaaish ma etnzl drops ? :P , maal awal hhhhh , anyway, el shot favorite &lt;3 .What a cutttieeee :&quot;&quot;&quot;)
Mashallaaah X&quot;D 
Allah y7f'6haa :p&lt;3mashaaalaahYARAAAAAAAAAAABIII &lt;3333333mashallah :**مااشالله عليهااا تجنن
ربي يحفظهااا ويخليهااا انشالله


fav ;)Rbbi y7f'6 hl ML7 &lt;3
MashalLah !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Niños y detalles., and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cuteeeeeee
Fdeetha
Mashallahmashallaaaaaaa
cuuuuute 
allah y7f'9haaaa
walla 3jeeeba alpic
7beaaathaaaa (k)
well done 7md :P
good work =)mashaalh .تينن مآشآءآلله عليهآ جمييله هآلبنوِته :*
آلله يحفظهآ يآرِب
آكيدِ فيف ~الله يحفظهاا ويخليهااا

ولاهنتي اختي ع الصوره

وعسااج ع القوه

^_^damn, million times i said that i'm MALE!!!!! i swear that i am male!
thanks all :DxDmashalla cute 
Faved ;) Feeditha , a7sha shay6oona :P 
raby y7f9'ha :DNice shot!nice ......

...............



explored ,! :P:) very nice portrait! love the colors!


N!iCE
  i &lt;3 itان هذه الفتاه اصبحت مشهورتن في الفلكر وفي كل مكان :p
ماشالله :*ياقلبي .. مشآءالله تجنن رَبي يحفظهآ
دوم هالإبدآع قلبي ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Laugh and Smile-Rire et Sourire-ضحكة وبسمة, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


N!i!ce Mashallah ..,,

Love it really &lt;3 ..,,

Fantastic Job ..,,

Keep it UP ..,,



M photographer =) ..,,


 Mashaalllaaahh ♥♥♥!! Wonderful!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]awesome!mashalla  cute ^_^ماشاءالله :**may9eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer!! -_- :@
laish chy shes beautiful -_- ma e9eer!!! ninteen thousand and seventeen million mashallah :P
abeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhaaaaa!!!
36onnnyy eeahhhaa!!!!I feel like spaming your account xDD madrrryyyyy i feel like writing millions of comment 3la hl 9ouraaaa, 3ajbbbbtnnnnnnnnnnnnny O.O
5a6rryy afr9 her cheeks xDDtjnn mashallaAmazing 
!~ ❤fdettha ana 8oor walla &lt;33 
Faved l3eonhawoow ♥♥♥ mashalla 3leha thbl mashallah ,, 
:) faved ,,Mashalla Cute

alla y7f9'haFdeeeeitha  yarbiii  hal  bnootah  8mr  mashallah
rbi   y7f6'ha  lkm ,,sure big favnzl 9oura :@:@:@mshalla !i love this processingthese are beautiful!!!this too yes
I love the subtle out of focus foregroundThe tones, the colors. Everything is beautiful.

[via Flickroom]my goodness
love the bokeh and red
she is stunningLovin' the tones manShe is beautiful.
I love the contrastoh my god, yes
yes
the colors
her face
the red
yesI love her expression- this is a wonderful photogreat photos you have here!oh wow,
this is breath takingyou have magic in your fingers boyyNice shot! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.i like the styleWonderful shot !!these are so damn niceJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Nice photography :)magical!ti capisco...in bocca al lupo.....
comunque se si consumasse l'occhio sarebbe un peccato....bianco e nero molto ben riuscitobei ritratti di un notevole bianco e nero, proprio belliVista su:
POTENZA NIKON 
Diamo Assistenza ai tuoi occhi Fotograficiwow fantastica!Magnifico scatto, luce, contrasto e nitidezza perfetti.
Il soggetto è sempre stupendo!Very very pretty in black and white.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called exploring the reality of beauty and emotions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!GRAND!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Interesting and gorgeous black and white
Thanks for sharing



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!...:-)
.... adesso per &quot; par condicio &quot; ...:-))))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!è bellissimaasombroso retrato , muy bonita foto.

Sublime !top! elle trop belle!superbe mon amiso beautiful ! welcome back :)merci mes amis nabil je souffre des coupures fréquentes  de ma connexion fawriBrilliant shot!Magnifique ^^ 
Please join us, if you have not done so!!!très beau travailGorgeous pana!Amazing shot!!I like the landscape in this great shot.Gorgeous and pleasing shot, thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Well done I like the curves and the coloursBeautiful shot !perfect!whoa! good stuff.View this image larger. Read the story behind this image.wow  powerfull ! niceWonderful image Harold, was this from this weekend?Wonderful view, wonderful tonesOh yes, I love this one!Wonderful work.

--
Seen in Monochromatic Visions (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~very nice, reminds me of what Cordova, Alaska looks like right nowWhat a fantastic shot!That's a pretty impressive view ! Nice shot =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Excellent shot!  Congrats on Explore!Wow! Amazing image!Beautiful. I really need to get myself to Yosemite in the winter.This is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Very nice composition and overall result on this fantastic black and white. Thanks for sharing your wonderful work!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressiveRead the story behind this image.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardGreat!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Textures &amp; Geometry, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Really nice shotgorgeous!! lovely!beautiful colorsSuch a great use of light and colors! *adding to faves*Wonderful tones!Great image nice shot, good image processing, fine colors and brightness, really well done
 Greetings from Iceland Me too! Alucino vecina con eso colores tan rechulos!beautiful view!I lalalove the color of the sky! So pretty!Beautiful!  I miss London too!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)superb city shot
so much detailBeautiful capture of my city - it's got a bit cold again in the last couple of days though!me encanta, wonderful, estupenda!! :D esos tonos me encantan.This is so beautiful&lt;3lovely shot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )t´ha quedat beníssim.love the tones barbara!fantastic light!I jo!!! (t'he encomanat la nostàlgia viatgera?)
Fantàstics els colors
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Superb, always a favourrite subject for me!This photo is a beauty. 

I am overdue a trip to London for some photos... It's only 40 mins away from here.
Join us with this award  for your awesome photo from
The Brand New &quot;Depth&quot; Group, post 1 award 4

come and share the fun!!Molt maques les tonalitats.amazing one!I &lt;3 London!Wow beautiful scene! What a great viewque preciosidad!
Te ha quedad genial!hace a penas 4 días yo estaba ahí.. :_____(
muy bonita la foto :)The London Eye!  Everyone gets incredible shots of it.  Yours is no exception.Fantastic processing and exposure.wow that's beautiful !!!preciosa!! cómo me gustaría visitar Londres!Awesome!Fantastic capture! I have yet to go up there this year :)looks like you miss London !Brilliant Thames shot!  Love the pastel-to-blue sky and near silhouetted Big Ben!Me too! :(Wonderful capture! I AM going back :) in 3 days!Una llum fantàstica!wow i love this shot!i took a shot like this. awesome. but mine was when there was the sun there.ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh London &lt;3
Lovely shot!!Wonderful!awesomeWonderful shot !!awesomemy lovely london &lt;3
foto preciosa!this is soooooooo so fabulous...I like the composition in this wonderful shot.I jo!
Des de que vaig vore la primera foto teua d'allí, ja volia anar!

Ha de ser preciosa!I want to go back too!very nice!Aww, I want to go back too. I miss England. :( This photo is so beautiful and just reminds me of everything great about it.Stunning shot!WOW Barbara this is AMAZING!!! I want to go back too:)I want to go there too! Beautiful image, just lovely.Que bonita con esos tono azulados!!friggin' nicethe blue reflection is wonderful 
a little fog wouldn't hurt this shot, the main subject here (for me) is the reflectionthank you guysso love this! must be exciting to work with youseven inch... its not really he is a pain in the ass...haha...ps nice one antFabulosa!!!!!!!!!Thank you Seven Inch and David.  

the worrying this is that Davie is right, I am a real pain in the ass !

;-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Absolute Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot, congratulations!Excellent night shot, fine composition!


--
Seen in Nikon 24-70mm f/2.8G ED-IF AF-S (?)Cracker - nice comp and star bursts from the lampsi love this shot, so much going on, but not too much.Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.thanks guys.Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow. Great night shot.great shot man :) even with slight haze :Ogreat shot man :) even with slight haze ::PI like this great night shot.lovely shot!!!a very stunning shot Alex.!! cool blues and silhouettes :)lovely blue tone and silhouettes, alex!Nice shot love the blue skyTHE blues and the silhouette of the statue are awesome!also gorgeous blue Alexcool shot!wonderful cool work!questa invece è meno romantica, concrete battaglie si profilano all'orizzonte...love it!!oh very nicely done. It looks so majestic in silhouette like this. The sky too played along with great light and a touch of clouds. I hope you have a great Tuesday. xoBeautiful work Alex!stupenda caro amico ... sono ancora un po ko ma ti mando un bacione .. piove piove ... ci sono poco sono veramente busy etc buona giornata grazie dei blues xoxo bbready 2 conquer the world i see?
Alex for presidentPrêt à défier le monde entier ... une vraie scène d'action dramatiquemais tu parles français Alex ???? :-))

j'aime ta série et tes cieux .... j'apprends ... j'apprends !! :-)Excellent composition, dear Alex ! Beautiful !boah

magique le perspective

et le bleu
j´adore

bonne journée, caro
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful blue tones and beautiful silhouette..! Have a good Tuesday, my friend..!!))the blue tones here are so beautiful - a powerful shot!

Plus belle chaque jour!Great eyecatching colors !!!Nice xposure Alex... that blue is sublime.Great silhouettes and the lighting coming in from the right is beautiful!Bella anche questa. CiaoGreat blues against the silhouette, this is wonderful ;) Happy Days my friend :) CarMajestueuse silhouette !great imageryA la conquête des galaxies... fendant le ciel et sa colère bleue !This is a stunning sihouetted skyline.  Perfect Alex!such an imposing sillouette... Great one Alex!Fantastic silhouette and love the blue tones!marvellous !Always enjoy your blue scenes with silhouettes.   
Master work, Alex!

Hugs!Impressive work Alex! Superb silhouette and blues.une belle devise que celle-ci!! et une belle image Alex!!amazing blue tones its stunning... et plus dramatique!! Le vainqueur et son drapeau…  la beauté du patriotisme.
Another sensational silhouette! Beautiful composition, Alex!!marvellous silhouette capture alex!Yes! We are all warriors! Thank you for the motivation today, Alex! You always lift me up when I see your pictures and read your words!All ready for battle... or for the Olympics!very epic !wow... super Aufnahme...Un'altra meravigliaMagnifique!!!En effet, un message de triomphe!
Puissant scène et un ciel bleu magnifique!
remuant inspiration, cher Alex --
toujours dans votre belle galerie! xxVery dramatic!yes, this is a lot of mankind... it looks like we have to go on...

---very creative idea!great silhouette work alex!Ces tons bleus sont magnifiques!Buenísimo contraluz y tonos... me gusta mucho. Saludos.Wonderful shot and such lovely silhouettes! Love this dear Alex!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesome silhouette and comp. very powerful shot!great silhouette. wonderfull picture!all for one...and all on the same old horseastoundingperfectaOriginale creativa ed osata... e poi quel tuo splendido gusto per le cose, sempre ciosì inconfodibile!
Un carissimo abbraccio, cher Alex!very nice!Alex! This is so intriguing! Magical blues!! Awesome silhouette!Very inspiring !Stunning!Wonderful composition ~superb blue tone!this is soooooooo so fabulous...That is a fantastic shot! Very dramatic.Great blue, nice profile!You are a great friend!  :-)))
Have a sweet day, Alex.Bellissima, ottimo profilo!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.wow the sky is so strong and the silhuette is fantastic!
greatgrazie caro amico ... cosi cosi piove piove bacioni xoxobbSuch a dramatic shot! It must be exhausting creating masterpieces every day ;)les couleurs sont sublimesOooo beautiful silhouette and I just love the bluish tones.Fantastic compositionA front row seat at the battle.  Brilliant blue!wonderful capture alex!  looks like a great time in vienna with our friend!

&quot;Seal Rocks Afternoon&quot; by  Steve (mamxxsmart).  Check out his photostream here.very nice b&amp;w long exposure shot!Rock again ...YOU  !!!Stunning Man!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )your photos always so stunning.. beautiful capture Nathan!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MONOCHROME AWARD - (p1~a2) Contest - theme: &quot;Piers&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent Nathan!
Hugs!stunning! Superb shotReally a great picture!!!wonderful see-scape again 
thanks for introducing maxxsmart BTWExcellent shot! Nicely done.amazing!!!Simply great !beautiful atmospherebeautifulLove this Nathan, one of my faves of yours to date.  Find my eye sweeping throuhg the whole image again and again... very nice indeed!!!...Espectacular toma.......un saludo..Excellent bw works!Hey ! The peek-a-boo rock again. Beautiful image. Love the wispy clouds.Great b&amp;w work. 
The little heart at the rock is lovely.a familiar place with its trademark heart-shaped opening. beautiful shot!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Nice one again.Beautifully composed.Always so wonderful Nathan...We just love it!The mix between light and dark tones is superb.
The black sky and the light in the water creating a memorable contrast.
Inspired shot, NathanGreat detail, but my skies never turn out this good!Hi Nathan, great image, after moving to the Pac NW, I came back to SF for a conference in 1987, about 1 week following the earthquake, It was at the Fairmont, but part of the time I stayed at the Seal Rock Inn, totally loved. 
Great work Nathan!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Very great shot.....well donegorgeous shotAhhh!!..always wonderful to return to familiar places.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Soulful Black &amp; White, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art of Images (♥P1-Aw 3♥) High Quality Group-Sweeper, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is a masterpiece!

. . . Please Tag the photo with ArtofImages
Reach 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves to enter 
The Best Portraits  or The Best Captures 

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereI thin is a dreaming sea
for you
www.goear.com/listen/a68e7e7/quiereme-nuria-fergo-y-manu-...You’ve proved the old Axum: Practice makes perfect!!!!! - GaryGreat shot, keep going!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I added this as a favorite because it's so unique, not because of your link.... But thank you for that! I'm glad I could inspire someone with your talent.... A true honor.

Now this image..... I love your dark sky, it really helps contrast the water, and help bring out the details in the rocks. All around, one hell of a image. Now I'm inspired! I was looking for a place to catch some weather this afternoon, and now I just might have to stop here. The arch is just an amazing detail.Thanks a lot for your kind comments everyone!  Steve, the best place to photograph the &quot;heart&quot; arch is the area above the ruins straight across from the Cliff House.Contrasts are strong, lots of details in the dark tones, something a lot of people forget about. What else could one expect from someone of the dark squad? ;)
Great, great shot.A lesson in how to properly dodge and burn an image- another inspiring photograph Nathan.Nice image as always; the question is, when will be this ocean an Heart Breaker. :)Love that heart rock! Also love the bright white foreground, and the detail in the rocks - that's the thing about your rocks, they always look happy to be there;-))Beautiful!Beautiful photograph.I'd say the journey was well worth the time. Superb image!Notice the heart shape the rocks formed on the right side :o brilliant!Ghostly and ethereal beauty.Great work, Nathan ... So inspiring too !
So many details, so soft that water !You may have taken these rocks many times, Nathan, but I never get tired of seeing your photos of them.  Your rock and ocean photos are so &quot;you&quot; - your signature and these add to the wonderful body of work you're creating with your rocks shots.  This one is particularly evocative. The &quot;heart&quot; shape seems to stand out even more in this one - wonderful!!!Splendida immagine e B/W!!!!!!!!!gorgeousGreat tones!

Seen on Fluidrreal good .. nice effect ..A brilliant and gorgeous shot. Excellent work!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Precious! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.WOW Absolutely stunning!!!the tones and the movement of the sea are wonderfultime and time again you put up shots that i just love.  great work.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardi love itNever too many (of your) shots of these rocks.Beautiful shot my friend !!!Gorgeous colors and sky !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wonderful shot.Fantastic!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )what a wonderful sky!
nicely done!lol jetzt quatsch ich auf englisch :D!
ne sieht echt klasse aus!stunning shotsuperb, what a wonderful winter's skyKlasse! Vorallem die Himmels Farben sind tollnice mateStunning capture! Love the colours and composition! One of the finest shots I've seen of the Eye ;-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous sky and colors, very nice composition too! :)Schöne Aufnahme...feiner Himmel!Look at those clouds! They're great :DAmazing shot of London. I love the angle you chose because you get the London Eye, The Big Ben and Parliament all in one shot.hast dus nochmal rausgeholt?

gefällt mir gut die version, ist so schön farbig und frisch!Hammer Farben des Himmels, bin beeindruckt!Toll, toll, toll!london muss schon klasse sein, tolles foto +++Great colours, composition,and lighting. Perfect photo!Ein sehr schönes Bild. Mir gefallen die Blautöne des Himmels. Das Photo hat eine angenehme Stimmung - so muss doch ein schöner Feierabend aussehen.Beautiful capture !Thumbs Up!
Gefällt mir sehr gut.Nicely done man - all the landmarks :)beeindruckender Himmel und schöne SilhouetteN!!This is a dream!Excellent capture.Very beautiful photo again my friend.  BRAVO.

denisVery nice colours and light, original take of this. Great job.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Sauber!!! Der Sonnenuntergang kommt ja ma richtig gut!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )super farben im himmel!...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolSuper colour and view!Sehr schöne Perspektive und schöne sanfte Farben.na dein Sunset lässt es aber auch gut leuchten :)Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.What a beautiful world we live in and you captured it!:)Gorgeous Sky! awesome!Beautiful sky and great composition, well captured.Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Great shot =) I like the sky and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )beautiful cityscape!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)The sky is fantastic in this shot!excellent! I say it with envy, cos I didn´t manage a good photo of this interesting structure :-(AWESOME...simply awesome!Beautiful composition and colors.:Pwow!
well done ;*Happy Birthday &lt;33happy birthdayHappy Birthday To HerHappy bearth  day`Happy birthday to her &lt;3 el3mr kelah yarb :) (^) well done faaavAwwwwwwwwwwh ;O (LLLLL) 
7yaaaaaaaaaattttttttti CherryNess &lt;3 ;O
walla i Don't know where Should i Start ! 
And Where Should i End ! ~ 
Bs Yalla Here i Go :** 
Fdaaaait yyyyyooooooouh ana &lt;3333
walllaaaaaa Adooooooooooreeeeee yooooouh &lt;3
amooooooouttttttttttt feeeeeeeech baaaaabeeeeeee &lt;33333
yaaaa 7bbbbnnnnnni lcccccch wallla &lt;333
Thanx 3all piccc Babbeee &lt;33333
wallla ADOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOREEEEEEE yyyyouh 
Ya B3dddddddddhum inttty &lt;3333
*حزيـن الورد من دونـك كئيـب ولونـه رمادي 
غيـابك يذبح البسمـه ويقتل فرحـه الاعيـااد
Wallla Yooouh Leave Me Speachless ;$$ &lt;33
Babbe walla this means Soo much to meeh ♥♥
 Thanx alloooot 7beeeebttty 
wallla LOOOOOOOOOVEE yooooooouh &lt;3
yaFdaiit Rooou7ch ana bs &lt;333333333 
NawaryahHEARTCherryNess &lt;3 Mooooout ;$ 
Babe ; just wanted To Saaay Thanx agaaain yaRoou7i enti :** 
LOOOOVEyooouh MoooUt ~~ !!! 
MUWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA7 &lt;333 !!!Happy Birthdayhappy birthdaayH.B.D

nice pic 

Comment me plz


Tjnn ;*



'

amaziinG sweetha

Happy Birthday to Her &lt;333
mashallah ;***
.....beautiful hands pic!H.B.D &lt;3,HAppy birthday 4 her ;** btw el edit wayed 7lww ;**comment me please
;'(ana sh8lt lkumm okayh awreeekm Gaga and rweene maa7bkm :@Faaaavtalk about  wow
this is totallyu awesome
and HBD TO HER!
love iti totally loved this&lt;3 happy birthday to her :*Happy Birthday To Her *

Happy Birthday To Her * 

 H.B.D to her &lt;33333 *so amazing :) love it :)
.....
happy birthday :P lolAmazing Shot
H.B.D

Keep Goinghappy birthday to her,&lt;3 the darkness herehappy birthday to her
amazing shoot ., allah y7f'6 al.models =Daww :&quot;) kl 3aan wo hyy crazier and crazier :&quot;) hhhhhhhh :P good morning yal crazy x&quot;D sweet crazy morning x'D waha :P il 3mrr kllh ya rabi :&quot;) shsmah il edit hny super cute :&quot;) wayd wayd soft editing wallah :&quot;) mashallah 3lekum x'D hhhhhhhh xD 7ta il focus jmeel wayd waayd :&quot;) mashallah really crazy work :&quot;) , well and beautifully done :&quot;) take care
regards.Happy BirthdayThe colors!!! *.* Stunning!! The focus is amazing!! Awesome work!! 
And happy birthday to her!!!!! WOOOW &lt;3333 A7ss Fe shi Y5leeeni atm achoof el.shot :&quot;O Wallah F'9eeeee3a x$ el.Focus 3jeeeeeeb ;) wallah kl shi fe el.9oora jmeeeeeel w mn Gulb b3d (L)___(L) waaaid 7beeeetha x$ Suuuuure Faaav :** Well Done ;) ee 97 Happy Birthday to her (^) el.3mmmr klh inshallah (h5) :** TCExplore *H.B.DH B D
Nice shoot ’Happy BirthDay (^)
GRZ ya fnanen :PLove you Ghada &amp; Rawan ;**** (LLLLL)______________(LLLL) Happy Birthday (^)عآم سعييييدْWhat a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.FavLOVE tones like this. Great picture.Happy BirthdayAmazing ~!Yaa Fnanaa ;)
Alpiiic (Y) ♥♥♥wayd 7lwa mashallah
well done :)مره تجنن

&lt;3H.B.d ♥
Happy birthday &lt;33 HBD♥Hbd &lt;3
7beit il 9ora .. raw3a ♥...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY beautiful :)H.B.D to her 
al3mrr klla  enshalla 
b59oo9 il-pic 7lwa wayedI like such pictures
A kiss!Such lovely tones here ^_*
&amp; Happy birthday to her =)definitely lovely with the powder blues :)love the play between the shadows and the lines in the field.

also as Annie mentioned the powder blue is surreal and gorgeous tonesglad u didnt convert it. its lovely as is :)Wonderful image best as is.yes the blue is great....  I do like black and white but I'm sure this works much better.  Lovely photo :-)Wonderful colors, but in that image I like the enormous depth most. The many horizontal lines and the mist intensify that feeling. Great image, Iain!Thanks everyone for the kind comments, I read and appreciate every one! :)This is beautiful Iain.  I want to go there!i love this photo ;-)

[ via Daniele Guerriero's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]I agree with your take on it, not converting to black and white. the subtle cool tones are lovely and really working your stream these days ;-). That view serves you very well mate.Beautiful snowy layers !Seen on Explore ! Congrats !Winter everywhere! Good seen!

Ciao,
Andybeautiful, wonderful winter scene

Congrats on Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Fat Bee &amp; Dancing Gull* (Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Absolutely beautiful!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great landscape capture!Wonderful shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Whitelicious!
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )Wonderful landscape - perfect choice to leave it as it is.Thankyou everyone for your kind comments!! :))Wonderful layers of landscape. Beautiful!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Great winter landscape!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Beautiful winter scene - wonderful mood


Wonderful !!!This is a terrific image... wonderful!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous winter vista! Bravo!Absolutely fantastic!!... Great perspective!!!!Beautiful view, captured well.I like the subtle tones too.  B/w would be nice, but this is even better!The layered patchwork is like a cross section of winter.  I like the pale blue colors more for the transition. :) Probably a dumb question, but why would they till the snow? It looks great, really cool pattern, just ??Beaitiful!A Great Frame  .!!!!!Such beautiful deep colours! Wonderful mood!Love it!  Has a vortex thing about it, great work!I really really really love this surrealistic composition...Lovely words too...It fits perfectly with your image! Great work Nathan!BeautifulSimply wonderful, what a great work Nathan! Love the tones and stream that pulls you into the mystic.wow!Cool! My A100 was a little squiffy y'day too, funny cameras! Love this Nathan, and more to come...excellent!! K:-)wonderful work nathan - so niceA very artistic composition Nathan!  Well done.I will be going to the sea in a month - if I get anything this good, I'll be happy!that is cool！Very very cool Nathan! Love it!yes...very cool Nathan !wonderful stuff - particularly like the opposing angles of flow of cloud and ocean
Such poetry in six little wordsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo*Gallery, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Serene ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely dreaming!
Have it goodie!wow nathan, great job with the picture and the poem. great work!beautiful colours (similar to those in Yvette's latest pic, methinks?) and great effect!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )usual world class quality with matching titleHi, I'm an admin for a group called wOw FACTORY-Admin invited BASED ON STREAM RECOGNITION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful abstraction!moody, niceGreat!perfectHi, I'm an admin for a group called Serbian Open Community (POST 1 - AWARD 3* or BAN), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous image!

d.
Please add your great work to group:


 Serbian Open Community
Post 1 - Award 3this is super.. the clouds and flow of waves looks so symmetry..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Detalls d'un Somni, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

`•.¸
`•.¸ )
*.*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨) !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great work of art!!That's amazing.Wow wow wow Nathan, I dont know what you say in Frisco if something is absolutely gorgeous, on German streets we say &quot;megageil&quot; (&quot;geil&quot; normally means horny, but in this meaning it stands for super mega good).
Beautiful piece of art!!

Marioyet another incredible pic... you´re just to much!!!!!!Very cool capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Truth Gallery (Admin Invite Post 1 and Comment 2 please.), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Deep and mysterious.......the light here.Oooooh yeh! Great title too!

[ via Canadapt's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Canadapt ]Excellent graphism.Excellent workThis is great. It really draws you in - but to where...?!¡bellísima!Wow, so beautiful ...
Love the motion in it, Nathan !!!
The colors are intense and wonderful.
And your poem is like heaven !  I'm so jaleous, wish my english was that good, but when inspired it's most of the time french which comes to my mind.
Big fave and if you don't mind, in my latest gallery.Excellent composition!stunning... love how everything is spilling out of the dark areaHi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

BIG !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautifullove the subtle colors.Wow, superb, love this, instant fav!great shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great!Nice flowing sky and water. Great mixture.Again with the dark...... So minimal..... So great.Is it my dream or the ocean's dream? Beautiful...Such a unique take...love the way sea and sky burst out of the dark...so well done!GREAT

I found this excellent picture in the group where we would love to share and display all kind of pictures resulted by ICM - Intentional Camera Movement.Spectacular, original, powerful... wow...I dont know what it is Nathan, but i know i like it!Greg, it's the ocean daring to dream!  ;-)This is really a wonderful image!  The best shot ever!  Congrats Nathan!  

LouieGorgeous softness! I love the thought of the ocean dreaming this.Love the softness of the motion and the flow of the water. The colors in the sky with the clouds just blow me away. Most excellent!!what an abstractHi, I'm an admin for a group called That's What I'm Talkin About !! (Post 1, Award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Most impressive image and brilliant words written, a fine combination. Love the photo though, my kind of image, nice and moody, full of depth and into the unknown. And believe me, these last few days of sailing have taken me into that same atmosphere. Now in Guadalcanal Salomon's.I like the direction of the movement and the light and dark elements - it really draws you into the image.Nathan, I love this picture. It 's a great inspiration and dark tones are absolutely superb....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY love thisi think this is my fav from you... i just keep looking and looking into the deep endless beautyPremium work.  This is an abstract that commands our admiration.Oh man!  I'm being completely pulled into this masterful piece of work.  ZOUNDS!!!Pink comme il faultfine shot  - lovely colour - well donebem, isto já é abuso !!!! 
Uma foto vá que não vá ...  mas duas?!?!' pumf pumf ...
Se aparece uma terceira ui ui :D:Dwow, that looks like heaven!Que momento magnífico!Linda!!**Maravilhoso...DEZ!!!Ah, o amor ! :)))))Oh mine, heavenly, can you send me a poster? All the best to the both of you, magic stars!very niceBel momento!que rica vida !!!!Que bem se está... na praia!
Abç, meu amigo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )extraordinária!!!Fabulous shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]wow, the water and sky almost seem to blend together! great colors.I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.só aproveitando :))Interesting and appealing shot
Outstanding job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Muito boa! A velocidade lenta fez toda a diferença aqui. Se fosse perfeitinha, não tinha a mesma piada. :)Que bem que se deve estar dentro dessa água.
Cores muito quentes e belas Rui.

Um beijo para BB e um abraço para ti.

this was candid, i thought it was cute ;P
This is wonderful.i love all of 3 of these! 
especially the first one in comments :DAw! I love the innocent/protective feel of this!
And, um, where did Lisa get that dress? 'Cause I want it!so cuteSo beautiful.These photos are all so gorgeous!These are so so cute. &lt;3
And I too want to know where Lisa's dress is from!i love the first one in the cooments!!mallory, I adore these.These are all so adorable.I ABSOLUTELY LOVE the one in comments with the horse, they're all amazing thoughThis is perfect!  I love the moment :-)this, is just truly beautiful.so, so beautiful
seriouslyaww, i love taking pictures of them together&lt;3 they're so cute :) i never posted mine though aha

you should post the one of lisa and the horse that's on her facebook, i'm in love with that oneoh mallory sttrikes again!i love these! so cute! i really like the first in the comment!this is gorgeous! and I really love the first one in the commentsSo wonderful
Very sweet in the 1st, the others almost tell a story
Godd job !this is so sweet...
incredible.awww.
i love these.
they're so sweet.i loooove the one with the horses! this is so beautiful.omg i love the candid one! but all are great :)ah, so gorgeous! i love it, i could feel the bond of sisterhood. :]amazing set! they are beautiful!they're both beautiful! amazing photos!
i wish i had pretty model like that! hehehehepure love! Great sisters portraits! Oh my gawd, i'm so inspired!so so beautiful
trulyAll three are excellent.
My favorite is the second.This is so cute! I love the blue dress.aww sisters that's too cute. this is the angle you love, and i deffffinitely love it too :)nice work!The original upload is the best !!

Very powerful image, and has loads of emotion in it !!
Great job :Daw i love sister pictures. they always turn out so cute.beautiful! Your photos always make me so happy!These are so lovely, really beautiful!AW. so cute :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called Friends Flickr Award - Remember Post 1 Award 3 -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 Please post your FANTASTIC SHOT on:
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3Really beautifully executed!Wonderful shot !!beautifullove the perspectiveSimply beautiful!As said many times before, these are simply beautiful! You are a lucky photographer to have these people in your life!such closeness... I can almost feel the loveI love this. The emotion is wonderful!Wonderful Capture!!!
AMAZING IMAGE... FASCINATING CAPTURE...


THROUGH YOUR EYES (Invites Only)
Please tag this with &quot; Inspired by HIMGorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.glorious shot!You have the cutest belly! You are so beautiful and I envy your hair, so pretty!=)  Such a gorgeous sp!I think you have the cutest pregnant belly I've ever seen. You are just stunning! Beautiful self portrait!you are beautiful, love your selfies!This is soooo cute! Your belly is perfect and you're beautiful!OMG you are too cute!!! What a hottie with a body!!! Nice shot and love the belly!!sooooo gorgeous!! you are the most beautiful pregnant women ever!You are amazing!! Wow - I hope I look half that cute (and HOT) in 5 months! Love the little basketball tummy with your super feminine, sexy hair and flowing skirt.Is there such a thing as pregnancy models???  You have the most perfect pregnant belly I've ever seen...and I've seen alot!  Your baby is going to cherish this some day! And you will too.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)OMG your adorable I love this capture you and annie manning make me alittle uncomfortable with how BIG I AM ::)) I love your hair and your outfit too.Such a gorgeous photo.  You will treasure this forever!You're so cute!You look gorgeous!  Seen in the group Mothers and Photographers.. ...My Oh My You Are Stunning!! Won't Be Long Now. . :o)wow!! you are GORGEOUS!! such a cute belly!Holy cow! Are you gorgeous or what! Let me answer...yes...gorgeous! You will be so happy to have this picture! Stunning!Aww, thank you all so much! I feel so frumpy and tired! I am going to miss the belly, but so excited to meet her!oh my gosh!! you are sooo adorable! this is an amazing shot. you look absolutely stunning! Hope I look that fabulous.you look adorable! gorgeous hair too.wow. what a gorgeous figure for a pregnant lady. i'm sure i didn't look that elegant last time i was pregnant. xso pretty!!awe didnt know you were expecting. congratulations! you are so cute :) what a keepsake this will be!Beautiful! I loved being pregnant too!beautiful baby bump!
and beautiful mama!
Love the softness ....Holy wow are you ever gorgeous!! You wear pregnancy so well ;)  I wish I took more belly pics with my boys...I always felt so poofy. Now I cherish those photos I actually DO have. You will too ;)Man alive you are one hottie with a gorgeous bump!!!! You will treasure this photo forever!!! Your hair is unreal beautiful!what a perfect tummy~ just lovelyI have to join the bandwagon and say, &quot;YOU ARE STUNNING!&quot;OMG...how come I didn't look that good when I was preggers?  Great shot!beautiful photo...when are you due?
I'm having mine next week....totally not ready :)wow...  so pretty!  you look amazing!!!oh..this is just gorgeousness!   once again..stunning!Such a beautiful picture!I can see why you will miss this figure. . . um because you're like the prettiest/sexiest preggers gal ever! I just looked like a beluga in my time with child.  ; )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The world through your eyes {Life as an inspiration}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Just love it! Wonderful memory and awesome capture!! Beautiful woman as well!!perfection :)  being pregnant is a wonderful time!Beautiful lady. Beautiful belly. Beautiful capture. Baby? Beauty full for sure.Wow! So beautiful:)so beautiful, you are truely gorgeous !beautiful!This is superb processing. Such a cute baby bump as well.absolutely gorgeous. congrats on explore.This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.your bump is adorable! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Maternity, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh myyyyyyyyyy!! You seriously could be the poster child for pregnancy. You look soooo radiant!Wow, mamma! You are hot!!! Love your hair, The band on the skirt, and how the curtains frame you :)serás una linda mamá...So cute. Love the conversion.when we have kids, i want you to do photoshoots with them.adorable!!Very beautiful!Aawww....he always melts my heart!!!!! Wow...such a sweetheart!!!Gosh what a handsome little guy! I love all your picture's they are all so wonderful!Yay!  More sweet kisses from from your little cutie:)  Great image!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)So adorable! 
Lovely &lt;3This is adorable! Perfect black and whiteawww Cuute :)
Great b&amp;w :)Any mommy would be lucky to have those kisses!Totally adorable work.. really.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called un jour un regard, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so adorable...such soulful eyes and I love the conversion!This great hat gets some great use!awww...so cute!Gorgeous framing, perfect conversion.  You rock!Very sweet image.so cute!!A winner!I'm dyin' here!!!!!  This is so adorable. You nailed the lighting balance! Gorgeous tone...check out those catchlights in his eyes.  Goodness this needs to be printed huge and hanging in a Gap store. 

Are lashes like this legal???

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So very sweet!Too cute for words. Love the b&amp;w tones...just a perfect portrait!So gorgeous - what a perfect capture! Congrats on Explore!Beautiful and sweet capture!!!:)Gorgeous B&amp;W! And he is just too sweet for words. Love the light in his bright eyes.God bless this precious boy...he is so adorable!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portraiture', and we'd love to have this added to the group!A great photo. Sharp and great tones. Love the catchlight in the eyes. Well done.how cutecute !!What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.So Cute&lt;3 it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Marvelous !!!!!Wow.. this could not have been better!symphony in blue ... a great blue ZHThis one is really special.Maravisosa fotografía,I think I just fell into that but, let me stay there a while.
Wonderful.escher in blue... love it!!!oh my god...it's superlative....it's musici love your abstract work.....Fantastic...........................Das ist einfach umwerfend!lovely blue abstract.very goodIrre Bildtiefe! Supertoll!
You are invited to display your image in:
Lines&amp;Curves 
Please tag 'Lines&amp;Curves'Beautiful composition!Great abstract!Great. As usual!Cool!  I love the faint reflection on the upper frame.

Please add your photo to 

Please tag your photo &quot;Vision Group&quot;

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)ha.... dann kann ich was was du nicht kannst! mein apfel ist toll!toll!toll! wie auch diese Installation... heheblue on blue, beautiful !!


--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great blue!I am definely going to start to look at things in a new and interesting waw.Great abstract and geometric!WOW!
how powerful!
wonderful capture!lovely blue compo!Sensational! Great geometric shapes, and Grand blue!!! One of my favorites. :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )...I never feel boxed in by your B art!!
it frees me to explore outside my box of art, thank you!superb!Fabulous color as always.  Love the title with this one :)Wow!!! Sooooo gooooooood !!!!soooo blueMaravillosa imágen ,gráfico el título.SaludosHi, I'm an admin for a group called JUST IMAGINE | admin invite | 18+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

we need it!beautiful color and abstractionReal Blue ? Superbe abstraction °beautiful!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)what fabulous patternsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Winner of 'One of the best on Flickr' (15+Faves &amp; Invited), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

amazing!!!!!!!!! you are GOOD!!!!!Wonderful, as always.Fantastica toma
excelente
saludossoo good 
i love it :)Very nice abstract. You can make out so many letters, such as HI.
So HI nice job!wonderful !lovely set of blue abstracts, b!Stunning shot - as always 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful image!  Congrats on EXPLORE!!!Excellent!Splendid detail!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ministract ( ... PLEASE VOTE ... ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

no orange? but ... an amazing blue!
great work, b!This is very interesting: it seems to be both two- and three-dimentional!This is Structurally Sound! 
Seen in the 3 - 5 thread

Structures with a touch of Abstract ~ Post=1 - Com=2So interesting Barbera.  I love the way you look at things. 

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)hahaha..... meine Fluege 'starten' nicht mehr in dieser Abflugshalle....  :-(Congrats on Explore #149, Barbera!!this is so wonderful!thumbs up !!Escher would apreciate. As I do.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Geometric Tonal  Vision, and we'd love to have this added to the group!whoa. this is awesome.This is awesome... wow.wow wow
It is a great idea!
COOL shot))ah, this is flat out perfect for me today
the colors are amazing
and it makes me want to go do something similar
great work man :DOh my gosh! This is so unbelievable amazing. And creative.amazing work!!Oh gosh.
This is so freaking cool.this is perfect. absolutely stunning.wow.. amazingthis is absolutly amazingggggthe colours are amazing!
perfect shot! :&gt;ahhhh I love this, so creative and just amazingVery creative. Great workperfect tones, focus and i love the retro :)This is incredible!
I really, really love it!Really creative.!!!!!:)  Bien joué!great shot! asdklasdf omg its really really amazingGreat, really a great shot, I love that tv! It's cool. Loveeee it. GreetingsCute idea!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Cool TV program today? Great shot!
_____________________
reply with darckr?Excellent....creative shot !!this is so creative!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lovely concept.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great colours..I love this idea, it is realized perfectly! Super composition..excellentnice composition and great realization!Wow.this is absolutely amazing. the reflection is just perfect.Cool shot!this is perfection.Great idea. Love the reflection.Amazing... really amazing!congrats on your 100th explore!
i love the reflection.this is perfect :)i love this so so so much! :DAaaah! This is AMAZING. &lt;3 I love love love it. :] Perfection.i love shot.
sick idea.i agree, that's coolaaaaaaah, so great!Visionary!! Love this!!excellent!incredible !SCANDALOUS
but very pretty &lt;3Very lovely b&amp;w.Love this.so beautiful!
love the light!i like the shining lightttwhat a beautiful girl :)
and what a beautifully fantastic photographer :D
i will ask you about this photoshoot tomorrow, im excited to hear about it.
LOVE YOU!So beautiful!This is lovely =)this is fantastic.......loove the gorgeous light..Beautiful lightning here!Ah the light is FANTASTIC here. love this.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Gorgeous image, so sensual and delicate. Love it.Wonderful black and whitepicture, outstanding! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so beautiful photograph!i love the grain and the focus.like the back of my hand
but this is seriously so good
the grain ahhThis. This is so beautifulso wonderfully beautiful.this is so calming.i just tooka pitcha inspired by you
so thanks for being so inspiring

i love the details in this
everything in this tells a storyyour big fluffy comforter is AMAZING. i want it.  the lighting here is so perfect.my gosh, you're amazing.
i just love the feeling i get from this...I love your room :)The focus and grain are incredible.oh my god i love this so much. wow. wow. wow.
the light is beautiful, and i love how the comforter stretches so far.I really like this, a lot. Your comforter looks so... comforting :)love this love this love thisthis is beautiful.this is perfect.I love the fluffy white comforter, it surrounds you like a cloud envelopes a hilltop.

The grain is also lovely.i love the grainlexi did you get your new comforter from tj max? was the label thing 'well dressed home'?
that;;s where i got mine, they look exactly the same.haha but it's a white comforter, i'm sure there a a million like it.
but that'd be cool :)

this is is so deep and comforting, for some reason when i first looked at it, it reminded me of looking down through an airplanes window :) yeahthe noise in this works really nicely.
lovely tones and shadows too.beautiful tones and shadows. I thought it was film photo. Great treatment! I love the grains.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called and the world creeps in, and we'd love to have this added to the group!looks like a cozy place on a rainy day
beautiful tonesyou have the perfect bed, lexi. i am so jealous
the grain in this photo is so beautiful, aaaahhh
the light
the bed
everything
you look like your sinking into your bed
and getting swallowed by it
and i love itwhat a cozy room :)love ur room. lovely composition.Oh my gosh, I love the way the covers sort of curl up around the edges, it looks like you're in a warm nest, awaiting mamabird. :)I seriously got a major deja vu when I saw this, but I'm not sure why. Your photos remind me of something, but I can't put my finger on it.
Beautiful photo.baby lexii really love your stream, you have some inspiring stuff. and this is beautiful.this is so cozy and ugh i miss your stuff lexi

write back please? :(i love that it looks like you're sinking into the covers.
lovely :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I got a sick obsession., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful capture. (&amp; i love your curtains)Oh my, I really love this. This just feels so comforting to me.oh my, I am going to pass out.i love this. your room is so simple, but gorgeous. and your bed looks sooo comfy!this looks like the most comfortable place in the world.i love home. and i love this.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.I. love. this.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!these colors are amazing
and i was hoping you could add me back as a contact :)A fantastic image my friend... thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful light!
seen in www.youtube.com/watch?v=51V1VMkuyx0amazing :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I always admire your natural lighting. I'd just like to let you know you're currently a bookmark on my Google Chrome. :)me encanta la composición, las lineas y tonos...el contraste ideal a mi gusto... :)que buena esta!!!
la inclinacion y el viento!!!!

si tienes otra de la serie prueba colocar las escaleras horizontales y te quedara weird!!!!
:Pque linda tu foto saludos =D¡¡¡Magnifica foto!!!escalera al infierno? :-P

la de arriba del todo es acojonante, con el viento en la falda y ella ahi quieta..

muy potente!Fantástica Bruno. Saludos.uffffffffffestupenda fotografia

salut i molt bon dia!!!Muy buena Bruno.
Me encanta esa diagonal con las hermanas mirando en la misma dirección.una foto estupenda...Excellent !impresionante, realmente buenagreatHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Photography News: Photo of the Day y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Muy buena, excelente trabajo.Gorgeous composition!!Es cojonuda esa diagonal que trazas Bruno.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)stupenda!girl ! this is a  perfect shot !Lovely!love the light and compthis is lovely :)absolutely beautifulHaha you made me curious. 
I think I found the answer.
Beautiful light by the way! I love it!Great lighting, amazing! haha! that actually made me curious :P good thing I the umbrella wasn't black, haha. it's always fun reading that kind of things :Dvery pretty black and white!!!beatiful lighting.  perfect bw image.  very lovelyBeautiful shot!
Emm..., I guess the saying is more from Chinese traditional culture. Umbrella is supposed to be used for blocking sunlight or rain when you outdoor. Opening the umbrella indoor is more for the purpose of attracting spirits to stick to your umbrella cuz in the old Chinese, ghost hide inside umbrella.  hahaa...., believe it or not!? at least the reasons you got are a little better than the ones being told to me by old folks. it's got something to do with lizards falling, etc. i wouldn't want to start on it - too ridiculous to begin with. :PThis is so beautiful.
{:When i saw your pic ... the first thing i thought about is the bad luck quote about opening an umbrella inside ... then i read your comment.  Nice composition, i love the lightening.i love this lighting.really lovelyI completely don't believe in superstitions ;DGorgeous light! So beautiful. Gah, superstitious nonsense ;)a;lskdjfa;lkdsjf;laksjd;lfkajdsf.
the lighting is amazing.beautiful shot. and the umbrella is a great addition. u seldom see that.
and iv heard the superstitious talk too, haven't had an answer - that is until now. and i really liked what it said there. v interesting.Superb, Marg! love the pose and light.brilliant B/W! great lighting too! :)I love it...Beautiful light! 
Awesome b&amp;w! :)beautiful tones here...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Female portraits by a window, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.beautiful lighting...gorgeous light my friend:)A  fantastic monochrome image. Nicely seen and captured.



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful black and white shot! :)i loved the picture. but now i really appreciate it after reading about the concept behind it.Wonderful!!
A Fantastic Vision! Please Post this Image To:
 
Windows and Doors into our World
(Post1 Award2)its because you might knock something over? or break the umbrella for when you need it!  I hope!BECAUSE EVERYTIME YOU OPEN AN UMBRELLA INSIDE, SOMEWHERE ELSE SOMEONE WHO IS IN THE RAIN WITH AN UMBRELLA GETS STRUCK BY LIGHTNING. 
thats logic. 
:) 


this is lovely.so, so sweet! I just love your stream &lt;3adorableLauta is soo cute! lovely bwThe simplicity in all your portraits is simply striking!! You are the mistress of DoF!love his tousled hair!Lovely!awe... big hugs back! :)kiss*kiss!!!so beautiful!love his wild hair... he's adorable.awww...this is just so adorable..I love his expression and hair..perfect conversion too!Very sweet.Om, my.. beautiful portrait! He is adorable!how cute! the photo and the talk of bug hugs :)Absolutely beautiful, Fantastic portrait!!


You are invited to display your image.




Beautiful Children PortraitAdorable!!!!cute shot !!Terriffic processing. His eyes are really connecting with the camera too. You've got a great little model there :)PERFECT photo. Love your stream!!! :)This is an excellent shot... Well captured the expression..so, so sweet!Very nice catch !
Great composition !Great catch!!Awesome! Excellent timing :)Nice catch actually, and great b&amp;w processing.love the moments here !Beautiful clarity, very sharp,excellent shot.Very niceOh so cute!!! Nice Black &amp; White!

Seen on FluidrNice moment!Something intimate about this. Love the way he is looking into here eyes at the same time. 

Cool work, as always!Classic looking image, excellent timing and angle to get them both lined up like that - well done Michael!you capture candid moments very well Michael. you nailed it!Love their total concentration!Un délicieux moment, un brin romantique et... le noir et blanc c'est sensible, cela parle tout seul.great moment capturedFantastic moment to shot.
Beautiful tones on her bag.Wonderful candid shot!If that man doesn't have a cigarette in his mouth, this picture would be perfect for a game to guess what they're doing!

Great catch mate!cool moment!
he's got kinda retro haircut:)Contact! Great moment and timing!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )you are a spy!!!! :P great timing!!! 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )very nice shot, and scene :-)the beginning of a love story :-))))) superb instantlovely moment :)great shot!
have a nice Tuesday!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Koool One !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice catch Michael !A great vintage shot of Rod and Britt! Cheers Ray..I can now see what you mean :-)))great capture!Sharing is Caring? :Dcrisp and clean Michael, very good capture
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)What a great moment!
This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! Reminds me of a song from the Violent Femmes...

...Share a smoke, make a joke
Grasp and reach for a leg of hope...both this and the previous b/w very sharp and clean: very nice tonal range.I continue the praise straight from a film still ! this is a classic which will stand the test of time !brilliant capture !
i wanna smoke that cigarette too!i like her bag and impressive that you did not get anyone in the middle being so far!excellent framing, love it!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4115617...killin meLike the color of the guys hair! =P

Oooo FP! Congratulations!Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.how do you find all that stuff, i'm still wondering.
oh, FP! felicitations!

:)love the cig!Composition and technique beyond compare!Beautifully taken - congrats!It's just very strong. The performance and the connection and the perspective is just direct and strong. It's a simple moment, yet it feels intense. It's very great : )This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! those tones are brilliant!!!!
this used to be the mark of a gentleman...
wonderful image Michael~!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Candid Relations, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

good moment... love the concentration on the guy's face...
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Candid Revelations, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Outstanding moment!  Perfect DOF as well.  A fav for sure.From the looks on their faces you would think they were doing astrophysics :)  Beautifully timed shot.  I like that shine on her bag too.  Great capture, Michael!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Cigarette speak a universal language. Nice Capture.im always very intrigued how you process your shots so sharp. great moment caught !!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Outstanding !!!!Cool capture.You choose to the perfection your lucky victims...Thank you, today i needed to see gorgeus shots!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardHi, I'm an admin for a group called Guerrilla Street Fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love your street photos and style! i wish i could shoot street - i'm just not brave enough. you're an inspiration :) wonderful streamClassic situation. Very well captured !!so pretty!awesome&lt;3Sweet!so lovely :)Fabulous !!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely.love the colours and backlight! :)love the simplicitybeautiful capture!Absolutely gorgeous!Beautiful image!nicelove the colors! so pretty!stunning simplicity~

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very pretty!loved the tones!Wonderful simplicity!so softly beautifulso pretty. very beautifulLovely shot!beautifulsoft and tender... love it!Life force!  On a cold snowy day, I thank you!Ok... I lost yesterday this one... thanks FLickr... ;S
Beautiful shot as usual..great tones!
beautiful composition!very beautiful !!!!bellissima!this is soooooooo so fabulous...Omg!! Sooo nice♥I love this :)Stunning shot my friend, amazing colors and lights!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)love the bokehbeautiful shot, great colors!I love this!lovely simplicity :)nice capture!
 Please Join Us and add it to: 

 Flickr's &quot;BEST&quot; PicturesWooha !!! flashy colors :-)) J'adoreeeWOW!!! the colors are amazingWow! Amazing bokeh shot! Love the focus too! Great capture!so lovely...good use of the water drops as the focus point. splendid colours in the bokeh!very impressive work..............Love the colorful bokeh.looooove this.... so colourful...!!Fascinating..........!!!All beautiful,but drops are fantastic!superb, so vivid...love it!Wonderfull with the waterdrops and all.Beautiful Bokeh Takahiro sir. :)beautiful bokeh a nice focus at waterdrops.Superb colours and bokeh...great shot!love the waterdrops with bokeh!The texture and bokeh are amazing!Very nice, I really like that cross-hatching in the glass, really makes the shot!Fabulous shot, awesome composition and color 


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)gorgeous!!!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Fantastic and colourful Bokeh!!Fantastic bokeh!! Well done ^^Amazing colors and bokeh! Great shot man!I love the water droplets, so beautiful!Beautiful play of different form elements/colour/light !!!

Seen on Fluidrbeautifuls hotVery nice light and forms.Cool addition of rain drops on bokeh TY~!~lovely :)its BOKEHLISICIOUS my firend...just wonderfulGreat colorsNice! its fav!Nice variety of colors!lovely compositionthis is so special - the geometrical lines and the enormous amount of soft and wonderful bokeh-bowls!!lots of colorful bokeh in japan. would love to go back soon :9Your bokeh's are always lovely!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Original compositionvery bokehlicious!!I feel like its Christmas again. Bokehlicious indeed!So nice. I agree it does look distant!I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.These are shots in which their vision involves you, as the sight, sweet and charming, well done, excellent, congratulationsTrès originale...le beau coup d'oeil!waaaw ... georgeous bokeh in hte back !!!beautiful bokeh !!!Amazing bokeh on the window. And the water is a deliciousThis feels like christmas again!Fantastic bokeh!insanely beautiful bokehgreat capture of the droplets and bokehVery pretty splash of bokeh and color!this is my bokeh favs....Somehow with the colors and the water you do feel the busyness.i love the way you capture ! beautiful bokeh !Great color and sparkle.beautiful and colourful!Great colours - love it!!!!A clever way to obtain a wider view!love the mix of the colorful bokeh and the rain drops!! :)Nice shot! Beautiful bokeh!Nice shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Fabulous colour and bokeh here... I'm loving the waterdrops on the glass. Very nice shot, Takahiro-san!The different shapes and colours are wonderful!bokeh viewed through raindrops -- delightfully cheerful image!Amazing lights and bokeh..I love the raindrops on the glass!beautiful bokeh colors!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)awesome!!  great DOF &amp; bokehsuperb bokehBeautiful bokeh!!!!Bokeh bokeh! 
The thing is, I can't believe your camera, which is a point and shoot, can take these kinds of pictures! It's mind boggling lol.マーブルチョコみたいで、とってもかわいい☆☆。That area is named after the dog? I didn't notice that when I was in Shibuya.. Cool!! great shot, love the rain and bokeh combinationLindas, brilhantes, confusas... cores deliciosas!!!Excellent my friend!! Amazing colors and bokeh!
;0}


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.Beautiful colors....lovely image.The bokeh is so lovely that can't be barred~yes!!!!!
lovely intense colors and bokeh.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!! great shot ! wow ! !!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!love the angle, colours and mood! ;)I have to say the same what Liliana said..:))
fantastic angle....tones.and atmosphere...!!!Love how you do this with the off angles! It makes me stop and stare :)Great shot &amp; post processing! Liliana style :)nice shot / joli photonice processing!

3-2-1nice perspective!Bah ça ! J'aime beaucoup ces tons ! Super dynamisme créé par l'angle de pdv et les lignes du couloir, et pour couronner l'affiche qui achève une compo tip top ! Bravo !Buena composición y procesado
Un saludo
3-2-1Bien joué! Belle photo!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Belle réa, angle de vue et chroma réussis!Thank you very much, merci beaucoup à tous
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/macieklesniak/]I didn't realize it was the style of Liliana. It's a compliment for me, Thanks :D
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ktania/] Thank you very much, but i doesn't see my photo in explore !!Les couleurs et l'angle de vue apportent une belle originalité à cette photo :)Very well capturedHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful !The Metro de Paris is  a great place =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )wonderful mood.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)coolHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great DOF here.nice processinglove it[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cverdier/] it did too make explore! #69 on Feb 9thyes, good use of bokeh......

 ****seen in my contact photos****

Seen on FluidrBeautiful! Gorgeous composition, exposure, DOF, everything! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Toronto&quot; (?)Great shotwonderful dof
&amp; i love the colors here :)Great dof!Very inviting.Has a very film look.Nice focus, tone -- too cold to play chess however....i totally love this pic!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Autumn colour of love (Post 1 / Comment 2) Contest is open, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very beautiful bokeh and composition.Stunning Dof.wonderfulWhat a wonderful photo.The DOF makes this awesome. The focus on that empty chair rocks.Cool shot! Love the DOFHi, I'm an admin for a group called Square, and we'd love to have this added to the group!well done , really good capture 
fav =]Very Very BeautifulOi Dedé
Registro encantado.
Com muita beleza e magia
Grande abraçoWonderful !!!!


el sol parece fuego saliendo del avión....
muy diferentes colores a lo que nos presentas normalmente... pero con la misma calidad de siempre.
Saludos!Excellent Capture ! Una bellissima cattura e un cielo con dei colori favolosi, complimenti.Fantàstica, un contraluz espectacular. Feliz semanaq linda
Dede
aff baabei aqui...super composição, como sempre!Até no Flickr o mundo é pequeno ! A famosa praça da caixa d'agua, moro aqui a bastante tempo !
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/13564079@N04/4343306698/]Dá essa sensação mesmo!!!
Fantástica!!!
Feliz quarta!!

BeijinhosFeliz quarta sunset!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/fermarques/4345169449/]com certeza... saiu de lá..... bela foto..fantástico registro...
parabéns, André...Uma feliz quarta-sunset!!
 Belíssima!!!

sensacional esse contra luz o avião
ficou demais esse flare, tons da foto estão maravilhosos
boa quarta Dedé
bjbjbjQue buena composición, que colores, que dorados. Genial amigo Dedé!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Quarta Sunset - Wednesday Sunset.  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Nesta quarta deixe o sol te BEIJAR...e seja feliz!

Beijos no coração.Uau! Lindíssima a sua foto! Parabéns!
Um encanto
Parabéns!! bjsSaiu mesmo... Lindo demais.



Um dia iluminado.Magnífica! Concordo com vc.....Ele saiu mesmo.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/39126040@N03/3598067597/in/pool-quartasunset]
Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!Tenha uma ótima quarta...

BjinhosCoincidencia mesmo!!! A sua está belíssima e realmente saiu do por do sol!!

Tenha um dia super FELIZ nesta quarta sunset !!

 [http://www.flickr.com/photos/juciaracastro/4344214605/]maravilha Dedé, que a LUZ do sol te ilumine sempre meu Amigo

Crystal Award   ……………...   (INVITE) 

Congratulations! You have been given the Crystal Award ~ Invited Photos only . Please post your photo to the group

Premio Toma Impresionante …….  ( INVITE)
                                                                 Premio Toma Impresionante
 .......................................................................................                                                                                                                                                              Estás invitado a agregar esta foto a An Awesome Shot!
~CONTESTS~ Entra/Vote ya
Por favor etiqueta tu foto &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;Parece mesmo, Dedé.
Um registro ensolarado e com luz própria...do sol e a sua.
Boa quarta pra vc e grata por compartilhar tão bela imagem.Deu mesmo esta impressão.
Excelente composição.

Feliz  Quarta-sunset



Obrigada pela visita e comentário.Caramba parece mesmo. Lindíssima essa foto Dedé.
Muito bem feita mesmo.É verdade, ficou lindo!!
Tenha uma quarta muito feliz!!
Abraços!!

Super composição Dedé..parece mesmo, muito lindo.



Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!

FELIZ QUARTA DE LUZ.

bjos.Beautiful capture...

Que captura!Uma quarta repleta de Paz e Luz!!!
Hoje trago a Paz! O que escrevo abaixo e um desabafo aos que não conseguem me engoli!!!!! Perdoa poluir sua pagina com estas palavras, mas e a única forma que tenho para  que os incapazes de ver um Mineiro e Brasileiro chegar ao topo!!! 




Aos Irmãos Brasileiros que me bloqueiam “Eu não tenho culpa se a minha estrela brilha” e a de quem me bloqueia e extremamente apagada! Eu nasci para brilhar e tudo que realizo tento ser o melhor possível!!!! Fiz curso para aprender a manusear minha maquina! O restante já nasci sabendo!!!!

Link da minha foto!


Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution to the group and be welcome!Parece que sim...

Ficou um lindo registro!Clicada fave.....olhos atentos!!!

abraçosTambém acho que sim!!!!!! rsrsrs
Magnífico registro!!!!!

Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!

UMA QUARTA SUNSET DE MUITA LUZ E PAZ PARA TODOS!!!

Eu concordo!!!
Que foto incrível!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chic-maria/4344510055/]beautiful!!

Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!ramagari xar tristanlinda demais, meu amigo! 
ficou maravilhoso os raios de sol!!!

tenha uma excelente quarta!!! 




Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!Nossa! que foto linda!

Parabéns!Magnífica, amigo ! Abraço !concordo plenamente!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/gorete/4345414763/]
'bolero de ravel' é a trilha sonora do pôr-do-sol na 
praia de jacaré, em joão pessoa.
de tão lindo, o ritual já está sendo imitado em 
praias de outros estados.جميله جدا  [http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/in/pool-quartasunset]

Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!masterful shot
Happy to ~EXPLORE~ your PhotoMaravilhoso !!



Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!Olá Dedé não resisti e trouxe a minha câmera para
fotografar a sua linda fotografia. Sensacional!!!


Amigão tenha uma feliz &quot;Quarta Sunset&quot; e



obrigado pelos seus comentários e visitas.
Volte sempre!!!
Gilvandro Gurgel – Vera Re Te.
Saiu mesmo do ceuwow, awesome shot!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Bela composição!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow!!Boa sexta-feira Dedé!what a beauty.
Nice shotvery niceWonderful capture :)

 Seen in Birds Photos GroupGreat colors! Wow.Superb machung.............nice shotIsuru, Its a superb capture...wow what a beautiful shot !BeautifulLovely bird.. never seen it in person.. thanks for sharing....Superb machan. I really want to photograph this bird. But wouldn't be able in near future. :(Beautiful!Excellent  shot ! nice colors &amp; good focusExcelente foto.Beautiful bird!Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Nice capture of this nice bird...! :)Great shot , I really like the pose , perch and the colors!Thanks so much for the comments guys.  It was super shooting this chap.Great shot, beautiful colors. Perfect macro.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called `Birds Birds Birds (Post 1 Comment 3) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Stunning colors!!

------
Congratulations on Explore!!!OMG, what a gorgeous bird! Wonderful shot, Isuru. I love seeing your shots. I get to see birds I'll probably never see in real life. Awesome!That's a beautiful bird =) Love the colors !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wonderful shot !!Wonderful capture!!Beautiful bird - great shot!This magpie is very colorful compare to American and european !!
Nicely captured.love the shot, amazing birdVery beautiful image... thanks for sharing it!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous bird! Bravo!Superb shot!awesome.Hehe!best fun!amazing!Yeeeha! Cool!haha funny shotlol!  nice shot!

--
Seen in the Explore interestingness archives. (?)haha! I love doing this! It is very scary though. But fun! :D awesome shot!qué genial!:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2599514...Very funny :DCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22766

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Wow! This is so great!!Lovely ♥ EXPLOREDIt really is a great shot what perfect timming and must have been so much fun if thats what you were trying for.:O Very funny! =)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh wow! This is so amazing!
His pose is perfect :]

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)coolDefinitely a fantastic image


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i love this :]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Cool shot !!!!!!!!!!!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.classic - nice jobthis is a awesome portrait nice!Brilliant! A nice big smile!Ekti boro and ekti choto agune rosogolla... nice take.BeautifulTight!!Amaro eki kahini hoise...Firework sob 'comma shape' niya nise :(

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

sundor hoiselovely capture!Amio deksi ajke!...:D

Bhalo hoise. Different from other fire works photos.

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

It was really spectacular. Nice try :)The effect is not unpleasing, methinks.

I was in class, missed the show =SOnek sundor hoise....Amio chesta korsilam ..Kintu Ja hoise na :(


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46068291@N04/4342890681/]yo........sudorami chesta korte pari nai,tv te dekhsi. 
world cup hobe amar basar pase....tokhon amio tulbo. :D

moja hoise apunicely done

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Jogdial e 'Sceane selection' e gele 'fireworks' ekta option ashena? ota diye try korsen?ami tokhn buet jaccilam good one there...even there was camera shake... it turned out good...

I  liked the great sense of humour while replying to a similar shot of Catch the dream ...Shundor hoise apu...but, sometimes when camera 'fails' you get something much better than you hoped for... something new.. something interesting.

me likes :)i missed it :(
by the way shot is greatdarun hoiseThis is a super capture!uttara bhalu na. :(great capture orchihmm
oshadaron........:(
ami ghumailm...
kisue dekhlm na
:(khub sundorPlease join and invite your contacts in
 The largest group in the world.



 We may establish a world record!! lovely.....Really great capture.wow..very nice

Please tag &quot;Artistic Treasure Chest&quot;nice :)Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.ohhhhhhhh
excellent takeGreat leading line to one amazing scene.  Top notch work my friend!Great contrast between the icy sharpness of the banks and the silky smooth stream of water; looks mighty cold too and I'm guessing it was!Amazing shot!Lovely subtle tones and a well chosen POV Lovely shot Antony.Amazing image,   You composed the image very nicely with the S curve leading through the frame and into the background.  This is a great location.  Wonderful!The tones in this are so sweet it hurts! I can see why you like this shot so much. The last shot will always get more wows and faves, but this is the hallmark of great photography for me. I agree about that lovely curve to the river and the beautiful view of the mountains. Nicely done.That is looking good my friend;)
Godo job!Excellent leading lines indeed, but your shots of the sky won't be surpassed for me!Norway is amazing. you got a great shot hereThanks very much guys!

Tony, yes very cold! I had never experienced frozen nostrils before! every time you breathed through your nose you wished you hadn't very strange feeling!

Joe, thanks very much mate, I really appreciated your comment! Arild said he'd like to come down to Cornwall and meet you when he is here so it would be great to meet up with you down there!

Russ, cheers mate but sometimes the sky just has to go!That curve of the ice into the shot is lovely , leads the eye to those stunning mountains , Super work Tony.

BrianAmazing shot, great compositionFantastic comp, the curve and position of the mountains looks great here mate. Great tones too - superb as per.Yep that's a great composition, the stream leads you right through the frame &amp; then your rewarded with the mountains.  Very nice!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Looks great. Lovely composition and you can't beat a well placed windey sweeping s-curve as a lead -inmmmmmmmmmmm i'll buy that for a Dollar!!!! :-)

Love it. Dude just shot me star thingy. On one battery nearl three hours. Need grippy thing. lol It's going to look good. :-)SuperbLol Aaron! Cant wait to see the star jobby and hope you get the grippy thingy ordered soon! :-)A different image to the rest, but probably one of my favourites of your norway set so far. Just has something about it that makes it superb.


RobHells bells Mr Spencer, this is AWESOME! Norway definitely on the cards this year :o)fantastic, the landscape is breathtaking and everything is in focusthe water movement and mountains.. arr what more could you possibly want... lol

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Scenics &amp; Wilderness (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Mmmm beautiful pale pastely colours mate! And a cracking composition to boot.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Magnifico !!!Great lead in, I really enjoy the soft colors also, nice works!!Awesome location, beautifully captured.  Great comp.

~JoshLove the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.What a perfect wave!That lead in is so nice. Leads you right to the sweet spot. Great image!That is a killer trail for the eye!  I often have trouble with wanting to get closer to the ground, but losing the lines and middle-ground.  That is just a great place to shoot.  Fantastic shot.Nice shot !!Soo beautiful!!Excellent composition for a excellent shot !wow!!


Amazing ......






Meet a PARAGON ARTIST - T I N A. Her skills and talents are magical!!
www.flickr.com/groups/the_paragon_gallery/discuss/7215762...Really good this light!! The tones are very soft and chill! A great mood

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice composition and great landscape and colours too.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love it. You've captured the light up here perfectly. Reasonably sharp that lens as well. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )can't believe i missed this Tony, fab DOF and leading lines, great composition

seen in my contactsCongrats!
Excellent work!!... thanks for sharing your art with us!

Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )nice soft colors.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice composition, and the colours and light are beautiful. I especially like the frozen edges to the stream.Good composition, nice curve leading through the image and great subtle tones. The crop (5x4?) works really well too, better than 3x2 for verts.

p.s. freezing nostrils are hilarious, especially if you try to flare them!Hamish, you just cant help yourself when they are frozen hey? :-) The strangest feeling ever! Lol!A wonderfully seen and captured image 
Thanks for sharing your excellent work! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow..wow..wow~!Thank you, today i needed to see gorgeus shots!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardExcellent! Superb comp and stunning view. The color in the sea and sky are wonderful.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice one!!!Has anyone told you - you have lovely lips. Haha. Love the movement! Great work Fung!That's some fast typing :)

--
http://www.flickriver.com/photos/photomat-/friends/ (?)hahha that is hilarious!haha this is cool Fung =)Sweet!LOl ... i laughed hard  when saw this shot ... nice ideasuch speed =D
very cool shot fung =)You crack me up!killer photo.  you must be excited as your 365 is almost finished!!  what an accomplishment.hahaha
nice facial expressionha ha! This is  (wait for it...) FUNGTASTIC! ;-)

Seriously love your face here!haha, magic typing hands.
great capture!hahaha this is awesome!hahahaha! great one ! hilarious type type type and lovely lips ;)hahahaha Awesome Fung :D
Im sure all of us here on flickr and facebook are pretty much like that everyday !! haha :DcOoL pic!!! Love your lips and hands motion.haha, turbo on...I really like your expression, fung! :)Ha ha...brilliant sense of movement. Love it Fung, and love the fact that you are so humorous whereever you are :-)Love your expression and the finger moment are brilliant... hahhahaha.. you must be happy that the 365 project is coming to a very close ending :pagain, cute! so cutegreat tag pic, i adore ur portrait, so expressive!haha awesome! nicely done Funglove the mad fingers motion :)This is very creative Fung!!awesome movement and lighting!!Hilarious! So good.hahahah fun motion fungthe capture of the motion is great! and so is your expression :)haha...I like your expression, the hands, and the lighting!ahahahah XD nice!!Sweet! Nice work as usual.you clever boy ;)I saw Tonys version and you've replicated it WELL!  Perfect light!Excellent shot idea, bravo Fung, always creative !Must. Type. Faster!Ok you are simply brilliant..genius shot and I just love...yes love the expression. Best image I have seen ALL week. I know if I had this image sitting by my computer I would smile on those gloomy days. ..and it might just make me type faster...LOLLOL : )You are funny..my sweetie..
How is your lief in Sydney..?typing love letter ??
when can i received it ? LOLVery cool Fung!Woah, the hand motion blur is so cool! Your shots are always so amazing, very inspiring. Only one more week and your year long journey has come to an end. Plan on taking another? ^^jajajaj nice!hahaha cool shot !!! :D  love this face you make !
... were you on facebook? :)Hahaha Fantastic.So that's how you get back to everyone on flickr! ;)so cool men!Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da...Great lips hahaha

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)cool!fantastic&lt;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well done bro!!! miss u, too busy... still watching ur splendid work with light, keep it on!! u r great!!!!
take care!! hug!!!ahhh i love the motion of your hands :Damazing shoot walla &lt;3
abd3ti ., 
Oo 7beet al.idea
keep going روٍعة والله @@ 
آحسسسسسسسهأ لذيذ@ ., عوأإفــــــــــيNice!!:*الصوره حلوه



&lt;33 @@Cute &lt;3&lt;33jebe el idea &lt;3!hhhhhhh brb fe shay lazm asweeh :P intyy tdreeen :P,
7taa a7naa 5l9na il yooom :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;) mo m9d88 fallaa :&quot;&quot;)Yum Yum:P
WooW :O&lt;3333'Yummy
Lovely one ♥ ♥
3jeeba al.piic 
&gt;&gt;&gt; ـــــــــــــــــة  يــــــــــــس  Nnn  IIIiiiiiiiIII  Ccc  Eee  نــــــــــــــا  رررووعــــــــــــــ&lt;&lt;&lt;روووووووعهيِعتْ لوول .. ~
فيه أإلعأإفية
 ~     

Cuuute              2laaaaaaaaaaaaay :&quot;O abi akl :&quot;P 3jeeeba el.shot Waaid 3jaaaba (L) Shi 5yali hhhhhhhhhh :&quot;P Wallah 9j 9j 7beetha mn 8lb (L)__(L) Suuuure Faaav &lt;3333 Well Done ;) TC :**LOL cute.. 
I totally agree! 
who needs love?
when they've got freedom :&quot;&quot;&quot;) wahahahahahaha ya ba3d 3mriii my twnini :P 5al9to falla fallla wahahahahaha fditch &lt;3mlltena wya hai il heart ='P ♥♥♥ tjnnAmazzing 
xD
~!great edit ,nice ideaLovely ♥
. . . Nice words
                           sure fav



comment me plz

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 it7ilwa il 9oora&lt;3
8awach alla :)too pretty , its simple ..but it has a great details and sweet colours :)Great focus and detail!
Also, I love what you put down for the description. Freedom is the best thing! :)yuuumy :p 
tjnn elpic 
miss u soo much =( .. 
luuuv u :**Very nice!!eeey wallaaah a7laa shaaay il freeedoooom :&quot;&quot;&quot;) hhhhhh :P baaal malt awll hathyy your twinzo xD hhhhhhhhh t9d8oon klkum BOTA hhhhhhhhhhhh :P ana 5aa6ryy shloon t3rfeen ttklmeen yabany shloon km 9aarlch :| kl haay mn il enimie :| hhhhhhhhhh :P BOTA  ENO AHO BAKA BAHRO hhhhhhhh :P btw, il 9oorh tynnn waayd waayd :&quot;) baal hal cake mmaal awwwwwwwlll hhhhhhhh athkrrr knntt aaklh m3a il chaii hhhhhhh :P latheeeth waayyd waayyd wallah :&quot;&quot;) hhhhhhh wo il heart b3d wayd '' CRAZY '' :P wo hal word crazy lhaaa wayyd m3anyy :P intyy adraa hhhhhhhh xD :P , wo il edit 6b3an 8mel :&quot;) well done, t.c regards.

amazin' shot ♥♥

..
..
as alwaysALLAH Loved your idea a lot + the words ;) &lt;3 in love with them :D 
amazing work sweetness :* well done (K) !wate that[32/365]^
projectthanks all :D loovelly cupcake's ! &lt;3
it's so cuuute ;*

well done ^^great shot :)..


n!ce walla

well do0one
FAVawwhhhh this is uber cute :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great shot!
congrats on Explore!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~gnam very nice composition!
I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !looks yamee ,,This is cute(:MISSING you mooore ya ro7 twinzoonly one week, and yours is one of my favourite 365s already.
you rock, Emily!amazing emily!!!!!!
youre really talentedIt certainly “Blows my socks off.&quot; Great colour contrast. 

Love it......
..   ...................................‹(•¿•)›
.............This is wonderful.
I love the purple socks.inspiring.i have to agree with rona.. your photos are amazing!Wow you have the most beautiful light.
It's so bright and beautiful. I love it.This is lovely :)i used this on my tumblr account.
your amazing and simple
just adore your photos!you shouldn't hate it. It's lovely :)

Keep up the good work!this is so gorgeous, so simple, so perfect
i adore itlovely tones.. so simple yet beautiful. i want to be there, looks almost as great as my bed :PI just love this. 
So simple... 
So crisp and clean. Mmmm.reminds me just a little bit about the rapture...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very funny shot!Very cool. I love purple!Crash Place ;*&lt;33

حيـآتي فـدوه لـك خـذهـآ  &lt;3HF MARIAM ;'( A7BCH WAYD WAYD ALWAYDAT &lt;333!,
WILL BACK My Jojeta ;** , T3oobi =)
My Baby'h N.S.R &lt;3333 ;$
Lacoste , Loleh &lt;3
Wa7dk.Abeek &lt;33
S.M.M ; Ahh will Miss yOuh &lt;\\\\3


Amm All :$7ayati Marim&lt;3 i love u wajjd alwajjd :( Drb alslama ya roo7i :( will miss u ya 8albi &lt;\3 :( Lacoste ♥ u لا من رحلتي افهمي تري القلب وياك (L)bslamh fdetk:*troo7en w trj3en bslama 7bebtiii ;*blslama
Drb ilslama 7yati
will miss you so much walla ;''(
Drb islamh 7beebti:&quot;..Gonna miss yoouh:'D
a7bich(L)!Drrb ilSlama 7ubi ;'' 
ya lbaaa your Heart &lt;3 Will Missing yew :''( &lt;''3
Mwaaaa77 , Love u &lt;33;$

Drb ilSlama &lt;33
w ashoofch hnak :P

O 3a'daby Ybtdy MnBukrah :&quot;(!! 
Drb islamh 7beebti :&quot;&quot;&quot;ya Lbbbbba aly Matnsa 3joji ;(
Mariam La tro7een w t5lene :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
walla needch mn glb &lt;\\\3 :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
Drb al'slamh ya B3d Nb'9 3zooz =(
alla ya7'f9ch ween Ma knti =')
i'll miss u :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; &lt;\3

لاتخليني ورآك اضيع من بعدك حبيبي (W)slaamtch yal6oo6a ..
i'll miss you :&quot;&quot;
troo7en &amp; trdeen balslama
&lt;///3CrashBinA` ; My Baba :) Ahh A7bik More &lt;\3 ,, will miss youh &lt;\3
Lacoste * ; Ya ro7i &lt;3 Love youh More &lt;\3 , will Miss ya 8lb Mariam =&quot;
A7bich wala :| , يـآلله عسـآني مـآنحرم شوفتتته :*Drb al.Slamh ;DDrb alSlamh ya Ro7iiii (L)ترِوِحين وِترِجعين بآلسلآمة
فيُ حفظ آلرِحمن ~yj3l 6ree8k zmrrrd o al79aa mrjaaan &lt;33333333 a7biiich tro7en o trj3eeen balslamahGreat shotGreat shot!Wow. Lovely tones. Her red lips just pop out of the screen.wow :)
Wonderful shot :) 
Love it :)Great image !

Congrats on Explore.beautifulSo beautiful and whatba great bokeh! Jojo Will Die :&quot;' ,
 Mariam i Cant Live Without yoow w Ruubi ;''(&lt;'''3 , 
Uuuh Mariam &quot;Shnhe AlDo7a Bdoonik &lt;3&quot;  ?!
Ayaa 3leech Ya Guulb Jojo Antte ;(♥ A7bbch w 
Ruuubi ;( Aaah Don't Leave MyAlone ;(&lt;3 Uff ;&quot; !
Oo W9yat Jojo At8ool :$&lt;3 , T7mle Broo7ich 
o Astanse Wayd ;(&lt;3 , Dont Be Sad Ther ;*&lt;3
P.S ; Hala'h Hala'h Ab2hl ilb7reen Ha ;P:$♥
Aw Ya 2hl Alb7reen 76 Mariam B3ynkum ;(&lt;3
Aah Walla Moodry Shbaswe Bdoonch ;(&lt;'''3 ..
The End ; LOVE YOU w Oomwah'Cha , A7 :$She's a beauty!Stunning portrait and loving the bokeh!!Love the way she's looking around the corner. The way her hair drapes over her face and shoulders is amazing.TRes joli portrait .... beau modeleLovely capture! Congrats on explore.So beautiful!masterful
***When your photo has received 3 Award Stars,
please share it in our Award Winner's Gallery***
Seen in  The Envy &amp; Envied Photos on Flickr!

The Public Group (invited photos only)Wonderful shot !!Ohh Gad :' , Thanq All :&quot;
Gentel.Aln3imi ; ya 8lbi Anti Bs &lt;3 will Mis youh &lt;&quot;3
S.M.M ; Ohh Baby :&quot;&quot;&quot; Ahh Will Miss youh waajd wala :&quot;
ya Ro7 Mariam Anta &lt;33 , Lba 8lbk 7bebe &lt;33 قللـببي معـك لـو سـآفرت انا لوين 
:&quot; Omwaa7 ;$
 Я О S Є T A 'z ♥ ; Ya a5ti Aljmela :&quot; Will Miss youh &lt;333 ` Jojeta; Jojo Ahh Ya Jojo :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; Realy Will Miss youh 
ya 8lb Mariam Anti :******* , Shno Ona Bdoooonch :&quot; , Ahh Bmooot
Walawala Btw7sheeeni Ya 7marah ,, Hhhh La Tw9eeen :p :p
ya 7yati Anti Bs , Fdet 8ulbch &lt;333 , I LOVE YOUH waaaaaaajd :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
3sany Man7rm Mnch Ya 8lb Mariam Anti O ya ro7 Mariam :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;
ylla Anshala AshooofchO Bsssssr3a @@@@@
Omwaaaaaa7 ;*Amazing photo. I love the vibrant red of that lipstick. Great shot!beautiful portrait!immagine stupenda

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Andrea Meacci ]Beautiful portrait!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ONE PHOTO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunningly awesomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just amazing...  Congrats.wonderful pictureamazing mashaallaa ..Wonderful pic, nicely shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Superb photo! Wonderful! Congratulations on explore.bah.......belíssimo retrato !!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)very beautiful capture Alla Yslmkm All ;* ;')

ThanQ =) Ya 7ajte LGrbik :&quot;&lt;3 ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beaultiful models, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful portraiture.Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardnice pic..

keep it up..

comment me..A very nice dreamy look.whoa.  Gorgeous.

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 itWOW...oh my gosh, this shot is sooooo totally awesome!!! I can't tell you how much I love it. The best, the very best!!!!love this!
You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Please add your photo to:
Best In Show (Invite Only)Ella in 3-D, jumping through a monitor near you! ha ha hahow cool....
well done :)haha, how cool &amp; cute (of course)!Omg, this is too funny!LOL! Adorable!Very cute!Kewl!!

View On WhiteOMG........ I LOOOOOVE THIS!!!!!!!!!  : )))

I love the ears back, the PAWS(!!) and the freeze-action of the snow in the air.  Absolutely gorgeous white snow background.

Ding, ding, ding....................................................... WINNER!!!!!!!!  : ))

(P.S. - I know where this one is/oughtta be headed! : )) )
.funtastic!Fantastic!  What a shot! :)niceThese shots you get are to wild. I have to say that when I saw the small icon I thought ... when did Dexell1827 start taking pictures of groundhog or squirrels. Then I realized it was the very rare Ella girl. lol Very nice.Fantastic shot!!!lol too cute ;)OMG Elizabetn !!! Your snow shots are absolutely awesome !!! Congrats on all your Explore shots .... especially Ella's #1 position &quot;Wait! I wasn't Ready&quot; ... my absolute fave of your little girl !!!!!Great capture. Perfect title!Soooo Coool!!  Nice shot !!that is sooooo funny.Awesome shot! Wow!A wonderful capture!!lol i had a black lab that used to catch snowballs like that..super funny shot, love those cute front paws!so much fun.....we have has very little snow fall this year which everyone is very happy about, but I am very disappointed for my dogs :(Wow fantastic shot !!!Hahaha, love the caption. Wonderful shot, love the washed out background!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ha ha, amazing! Excellent shotWell I love this too!  I love how she is standing, I love the way that left (her right) paw is showing and I love there is no background to distract!  Perfection:)

Still waiting for your &quot;fire rainbow&quot; - that is very cool we both saw one the same day - that's really awesome as a matter of fact!BTW...this photo should make front page Explore - it's a winner for sure :)What an absolutely AMAZING picture!! Fabulous!wonderful shot!!What a cutie!  Fantastic capture!There you go girl!!! I know your catching ability is getting better and better, watch out Dex, she is the catcher now!!!too cute, great timing :)Great capture!  I bet she never gets tired of catching snowballs!I &lt;3 her in the snow!  She always has so much fun :)Absolutely PERFECT~Love it!!!!They sure love the snow.  I am not sure how you took this photo.  It is fab great capture and amazing.PERFECT   I love itHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii dolcissimooooooooo (l)Amazing capture, I love how the snow creates a white background!great captureWonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful shot !!Perfect timing - great shot!!Awesome shot!Ha! Awesome!love it!So perfect!what a brilliant shot!Back again.. Congrats on EXPLORE !  One of my faves !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Best In Show (invite only)-- A touch of RED contest!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Perfection.
Wow.


--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Very cool!hehe very cute capture :)Fantastic!!amazing capture!This is so cool, It looks like he's throwing a snowball at you! aw, what a cute dog, even if he is throwing things ;)wonderful shot!!!Oh gosh!!  Love this shot!  This is how my dog looks with snow balls too!!  Fabulous capture!!: ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )

KNEW IT... CALLED IT ! ! ! ! !

CONGRATS!!!!!!!!  Very well-deserved!  : )
.Very interesting shot. Nice dog too.Those Orange tins are experiencing a real revival!  Orange is IN!!
carolynnomg I LOVE these tins!!!!!!!!!! what a beautiful collection you have....I have a tin thing too, can not stop buying them, more tins than I have room!!!!!Beautiful...I adore the flowers on these tins and to find three of them - I am seriously jealous!  They are beautiful.Gorgeous! I love the way you have them displayed.ooh, they are just divine...not that I'm into tins...much ;-)What gorgeous tins and it's great that you've got the original shelf too!Love these, what a great thrift find!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh, how cute! I love them all!فلفل ;Ppجبن :@

yaa lbbbba =|
amoot fee,ch sara (Aa) alaaa abiii =PAbeeeeeeeeeeeee♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Klllllllllah MB At8seeen 3lai W t3tenaii waaa7d :@:@♥=D ♥♥♥faaaaaaav ;)favvv
ya 7araaaaaaaaakt
a7la shy al red ;p
3ala 8albbi ;p
fnanah wallah ;p
saroo a7biiiicccch wallah xD =Ppthnnnnnnnnnx fdetkm =D3aaaaash el RED  = p
Raaaw3a mn &lt;33
TSslm elhands  ; Dيمممممممممممممممممممممممممممي


احبببببببببببببببببببببببببببه 


اعشششششششششششششششششقه 



لززم ف الجااامعه اكل منه 


فييييييييييييييييف لعيوووونج دبوووووووه 

=***&lt;333yslammmmoF a v 
keep goimg =Di want 

FAV b8wa &lt;33rheebaYaa Wail 7aaaaly 3 AlRed ;O;O;|
Aaaa5 Abbyyy maltesers (Lllll)`,
hhhhhhh Miss Youh Yaa Al6ooo6 &lt;##3 ;p
 Fav L3yoonk yl.z ** :$:$:$ faaav 3shaan 5a6er il-rednesssssthnnnnnx all=DYummmy =D
&lt;33 it 

Nice Takenraw3a al 9ora (Y)

AlllllllllllaY 
i &lt;3 Al ReD AlllloT !
FaV iS SuRe ~ya 5teeeera 2ntii
Miss youh &lt;33so Perfect ;)
7beet alshot ;P
Love you :* Give it 2 me ;)

&lt;3 So Mouch 

FAV yslammo =D My Faaaaaaaav this chocolate , I luv it so much ;p

Mashalla your shoot is very nice (Y) &amp; fav . &lt;3 amazin babeh ;**Faaaaaaaav ;pPlovely ;*so nice sweetyloved it&lt;333333 
Nice Shot sweety
Keep GoingN!iCEmn zman madshet ya flickr ;p ,Fave &lt;3 Fav :) ~ ! Faaaaaaaav ~i waaant :S
sure FAV ♥ 


Well Taken ;;*تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
comment me
A7mrrr ♥♥♥
Faved (L)_(L)beautiful =)Explore *&lt;33 it 

Nice TakenamazingYamiiiiiiiiiiiii 
Abiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
HhhhhhhhhhhhH
Hay f6oori mñ al9b7
Ooya 3aleeeeeech
Nice walla
W bl3afyaa
Fäv
&lt;3333333عجيب هالكافي احبه 
بالعافيه 

=)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ›››{♥Love Qatar4ever.ws♥}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

3jeeeeeba 

F
A
Vfdeeeeeeeet smeetyy Ona ;$
*kkkkkkkkk*
&lt;333 U7yatyنآيسسسسسسسس ~ my favorite &lt;333yummmmmmmy
sure FAV

ExploreFAV*Awesome ***

Alwords (Y)*so lovely 
well done :&quot;DNi!i!se&lt;3

........♥#########♥
.....♥#############♥
...♥###############♥
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥ so nice
..♥##################♥..........♥#########♥ so nice
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥ so nice
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥ so nice
.........♥################♥################♥ so nice
...........♥###############################♥ so nice
..............♥############################♥ so nice
................♥#########################♥ so nice
..................♥######################♥ so nice
....................♥###################♥ so nice
......................♥#################♥ so nice
........................♥##############♥ so nice
...........................♥###########♥ so nice
.............................♥#########♥ so nice
...............................♥#######♥ so nice
.................................♥#####♥ so nice
...................................♥###♥ so nice
.....................................♥#♥ so nice 


comment Me^^
www.flickr.com/photos/46266465@N04/4343529238/Abei :O&lt;3thnnnnnnnnnx allll fdetkm =DMiss You ;)
ᗩMᗩZING ♥♥ 
Faved .,
 FAV♥♥♥♥♥  
feeh al.3afeeeh 7beebtii ;*** 

amazing pic **,
FAVyslamoooFa'9eeeeeee3a ,, mashalla 3alleech mobd3aMaltesers&lt;33;*nice pic
2bdaa3
keep it foog
comment me
Fav ... =)
 3thaaabii This  Red  &lt;(L)

Faaav +



,thnnnnx
روعه
الصوره 
تسلم الاياادي ع هلابداعfav ♥♥♥yaay red &lt;3amoot 3ala hall a7maryslamoored &lt;3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ♣♥♥♣ ░♥‏░ Love lovers ░♥‏░ ♣♥♥♣, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

BeautifulFave &lt;3



*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥Love it ;)red hotRED&lt;33Tjnn ♥♥♥♥Amazing ♥♥3jeeeba
Mashallah
&lt;3333 REDNESS !!!!!  = DDDD ابدددداااااااااااااااااااااااع 

Faaav*

   |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  thnnnx =D عوافي =)Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Redness&lt;37lwa , Favnice  piclba almodel ;**
Miss you ='''')yslamoooFaaaavexceptionalcool♥thnnxFaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaV :)favnice Ňĭĉe ρĭĉ &amp; ωόnderfull ĉόlόr  ♥♥
* făve ,.

Ĉoмenť мee ρlź  ^.^yslamoFaved  ♥Bll 3aafyya..=$Wow ! Great capture !!!
This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2&lt;33lovely
so greatthnnnx allFoto perfeita !Faaaav

Aww Just FAV 

=Drawww3ahyslamoo FaaaaaaaaaaaaaaveFave &lt;3Niiicea7laaaaa shaaaaaaaai el reeeeeeeeeeeeed 
o abi 7bbbbh plz =$favamazingthnnnxيمييييي احوووبه ..
روعهHi, I'm an admin for a group called artisic food and people , and we'd love to have this added to the group!gr8 shoot

keep !t fo0o8

comment me plznice  walla rawoooo3a 
 abda3  
lovely shotyummmu =Pp

SurE Favyaaay mara nice al pijama &lt;33

&amp; nice pic


sure fav =)


keep it going sweety

&amp;


comment + note me pleas =$Raw3aa
Faaavjmeela il shot
fave &lt;3Tjnn :Dthnnxآآآحلــــى يـــا حـــركاااات

لالا مــا نقـــدر

على قلبي السبــورتيه واللهــ

ηĩČё ώắŁŁắ

Яăώ3ā 

ŋĩČё  śђσỔστ

ẅỆľľ ĎōŋĚ  

Қєєρ  Ỉţ Ũp

ƒί ắĻ3LąLi ĐσỔσм

Ỏ Ťђắήĸχ 4 Ч๏ựя Čόммέŋτ

ω  ψśŁαмŎőŎή

=)Big Fav :O♥&lt;3thnnnnnnx&lt;3333 fav:( ana aba 


7lw elrad :D



comment me .. www.flickr.com/photos/dalo3/4349371376/Love it * FAV

@@

Amazing pic *


N!ice ... AmazinG P!C Sportya ;)amazing..yslamooa7bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbkwooow so niice 
=)
keep going 

comment me plz =Pso n!Ce  **

keep it up  **

coMMent  me  ** Like it &lt;3 Fav* 
&lt;33333333333333333333 
;*** FAV&lt;3thnnnnnx 

Love You Sara ;pP ! ~


a wonderul diptych, and the words are wonderful, i love those guys, they really can do it rightthank you so much kim :) goshh, i know, they're geniuses, really. i listened to a lot of their music and just kept a notebook (^ that one, actually haha) nearby and just wrote down lyrics that i liked :) i do that a lot.i did that all the time at your age, but it was uh, different groups and artists of course. Beach Boys, Beatles, Stones, Doors, those groups. :) and a lot others.anyway, these boys are good, and there are a few others out there with lyrics and music that really say what we need to heartotally agree. across the board :) when did you get to be so wise? ;) hahaha.uh, wise guy maybe? :Phow this is incredible.
and i love the song.awh, i love this! (:handwriting=BEYOND AMAZING, haha
these photos really work well together (:

and hmm I really want to make a skirt for some reason... wouldn't be able to wear it for a while though hahaa :p:)nice diptych cj. cute handwriting.This is so cute :)

AND AHHHHH. I LOVE RASCAL FLATTS. They are amazing. Beyond amazing. I saw their concert a few years ago and I wish I could go to another.... it was one of the best nights of my life.

I love this song. But hey... I love almost allll of their songs. ;)i love both of these! and you handwriting is my dream handwriting hehe, mine looks like a little boy's writing =[

love it girlie!absolutely positively love this shot! &lt;3 yay you! :DAww thank you guys SO much! :) You're all so sweet :) &lt;3

Emily - haha omg that would be cute :) but yeah that'd be a loong time till you could wear it...hmm maybe like a party dress x) for...something...? :P

Frachesca - omg i knoww! wasn't it amazing?? definitely one of the best nights of my life too...and i definitely wanna go back asap! hahaha agreed, i love almost every one too x) &lt;3

Jami Lee - xD ahahaha thank youu! :Pconcerts are amazing, period.OH MY GOSH I LOVE THIS SONG!  wow I think I'm gonna have to listen to it right now. This is so cute too :))) I love it!Anna - agreed. 100%. :D

Greta - omg i know me too!! :D &lt;3 hahaha go do it! x) thanks so much girly :))Magnificent capture
Seen in 
 eso es tan..... romántico! *suspiros*Jajaja sí es! :DI love this (:omygosh i love this so much!
YOU are incredible. :D
so so so awesome.you're so sweet! i do love this :)Allie - :D thank you!

Iman - ahh no i'm nottt x) but thank you so much! :)

Andrew - I am?? haha YOU are! thank you so much! :) you totally made my day better :)love-your handwriting, that song, aaand this diptych! loovelyhaha thanks girl! :D omg hell yes rascal flatts lovers :) &lt;3

lovely scene and workshopBeautiful series. btw, you can make your own bubbles..I love you more than songs can say.Wow. You look pretty.The first is good, but the second is wonderful. Model face is awesome.

Admired In:
♥Beautiful Brunettes♥Whoa!  Look at you!Yeah I'm pretty sure I'm in love with this.love your eyeeeee.Oh man, you are gorgeous.

--
Seen in the group&quot;   = •tHe VeNt• =&quot; (?)your hair looks amaaaaazing!that first outtake stole my heart,and squashed it so tight, it leaked.

You are purdy.
and these pictures are too.Love the first one... you've got the look and your hair looks so shiny :)All wonderfully cut shots;-)Seen in Explore, where it deserved to be found. I love it -- the whole series, in fact.i love your hair.this is the most beautiful thing i've seen all day.  and i was in a castle 6 hours ago!!!!!BTW, coming across this image was also the catalyst of my decision to join the Fiddy Whores group. Until less than five minutes ago, I didn't know what a fiddy was. I was a little hesitant to check out the group because, with that name, I thought it might be about something sleazy (although this image is clearly anything but that). But I liked what I saw in the group, and since I have a 50mm prime lens myself, I figured I might as well join! So this is your good turn for the day. :-)Very cute!!very original....i like this alot!these are great! I love your eye focus in eh first.. and the grrrrrr facey in the second.. and love the b&amp;w! :) heheaw you are so cute and very prettty!saõ lindas ok.......Love you hair!I love this!  My daughter said &quot;who's that?  she's pretty&quot;  I agree.  gorgeous hair and eyes!  :)hey gorgie!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Expressive and Professional Pictures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so pretty: your eye :), your hair, your expression!!Fun!! Love 'em all. :-)lol..love the title and your facial expression..to cute


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]hehehe not me girl but i would if i could!I love the first one, but great all around. Thanks for sharing!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I, Me, Mine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5Wonderful shot, my friend... 
Awesome,  thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)What a charming little pic nice white and bright and the young ladies charming to nice black hair matches well with the white background well done Snacks 53Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our Queens and Princesses In Our Lives, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )OMG this is too cute..Oh - no not me - I'll never ever be a Princess if I have to do that :) !!!!!!!!
Awesome image though !!!!!!!!!!aww! cute little princess :), she's adorable with her rat .Wonderful shot and lightAwwwh!What an adorable shot...she has grown so. Hope that you're doing well. xoxaww so cute! the rat looks so big in her hands well I've never seen a rat in real life but it looks big. She looks so cute in her pink princess costume.of course they do!!!!!  SWEET!Aw!  I used to have pet rats, so this image is close to my heart. :)OMG!! hahaha this is great!!how cuteee!oh my gosh this is pricelessI think she just read &quot;The Frog Prince&quot;Rats? I thought it's frogs they are supposed to be kissing. hehe...You need to frame this Julie..priceless...love it! xohihi..I bet the rat is glad he's not the one in the princess outfit  ;-)Omg!! So cute!!Too cute for me!! awwwwwcute shot !!Nice shot! 

Seen in Explore.Wow superbe capture!Very cute!!so stinking cute!  the rat's foot splayed on her arm cracks me up!Gorgeous shot.Beautiful shotLovely!Beautiful!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Just lovely!Gorgeous IDB. xGorgeous - does big M enjoy it?love all the pinky tones - lovely photoSo, so pretty.Just divine. great shotOh so cute.  Love the tones.They are so cute.Gorgeous!Lovely shot, very cute.so elegant. lovely capture!This is very sweet. Lissy really wants to do ballet and I can't get her in anywhere :(Beautiful shot. They're so tiny and perfect!wow! no 72 in Explore! woooohoooo xxx

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!Gorgeous, Millie has just given up ballet after 4 years *sob*hermosa!Beautiful

--
Seen in the group&quot;Explore Furore&quot; (?)Nice shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful Capture!!!
Magic is in the air! I saw this magnificent photo in the group MAGICAL.
This capture is truly Magical 

Show its magic to us!This is gorgeous! A very well deseved Explore shot

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)huy rre chimbaufffffffffff  :Oushhhhh muy la verga!lo mas gonorreaa!!...severo las mejoreske chimba de produ!!!!Brutal.demasiado pasado!!!!!!!uchhhh noooj se dieron bateee estos pirobos uchhh ke chimba muy bien trabajado :D la rebuena pa AECyo lo vi tremendo!! sALUDES!Q chimvaaaaa!!!!!:Ometal slug
jajaja
violentoexelecente produ..:)severo el detalle de [r] [a] [p] 
bonita bici tambien
makia makia makianooooooooo
lo maximo
AEC + metal slug + cicla = muy asperoooooooooooo
mi admiracion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!como
no
muy sapo 

severo ..muy buen muro!!!Puro!Metal satanico!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no se cansan de darse garra?:Ohaaaaaaaaa muy del putas parcero muy chimba alo bn exitos exelente crewThat's a very cool work !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )voladores ,,,,,,Rebrutal parcerosuff esto muy resebro pa ustedes too el respetore ajizosonicey q con AEC nadie se metaa o bala lleva x el jopoomuy bueno esooo...
aspero..

la buena pa todosq&quot; pirobos mas garra en la vida............muy maquios la madre.ush q chimbaa parceuy sapo hptaaaa que cosa  mas chimbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawon se pasaron q gonorrea tan gonorrea hahahwow !!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!boucherie !parc la nague re nague que esta de lo mejor ese nivel de paint.......... abrazosLove it!Great location and I love the motion of your hair :-) 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) This is beautiful.  I agree with Optimus Bri- I love the motion of your hair!beautiful picture!


 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo.
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group!
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) Genial!
 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) hehe, that was a nice shoot bella :)Yup! :DLovely shot! 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) I absolutely love this. Everything from the pose to the tones to the setting. Fantastic stuff.----------------
 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo.
After three awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group!
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo 
commented with SICI (2009-10-26)love it. 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) dang. doesn't get any more beautiful than that:)you're lucky indeed. i like the movement in your hair, and the scenery is so nice.Very good, i am impressed as alwaysi love this!!!!!i reallly like this!oooh my dear lord!! your hairs movement is just stunningThis is lovely. Nice compositionPersonally, I'm a big fan of the tiny chink of light between your legs... (That sounded more innocent in my head). 

Congratulations on happiness! It's especially valuable to be conscious of it...Love it!Own the sad and lonely. It's part of the artist, and everyone who looks at your superb images.fucking incredible.You have such remarkable style. I love each and every one of your photos. Amazing!!!this is amazing..... the colors and compositions are great!you are phenomenal.gawjus darling, just gorgeous. I love the boots, the way the legs are crossed and the hair flying. And I seem to have not mentioned I love open water so am jealous of you in a while so there it is :Plove itimpressive.everything about this photo is perfect, the shape of your legs, the hair, the background, the pose and the tones.
im in love :)this is amazing!
good to hear you're happy! :)oh wow! this is amazing Bella!love it! it kind of reminds me of the mane of a horse in the wind! lolgreat hair!!Terrific picture... your so crazy goodamazing photo! 
You are a CREATIVE MASTER. &quot;
Keep up your good work and let the light shine on you! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Master Really love the movement of your hair here.  You're free and in charge ;)I love the focusing and the movement of your hair!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called d a y_d r e a m e r s (admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love your boots! :-D (And of course, as always, your photograph! Nice movement.)lovely :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Selfies, the un-365 kind, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Good shot in good set. Great work!nice location and movementin your hair!beautiful motion captured.great movement; lovethis!I love crazy hair photos!!
This composition is lovely but i'm surprised the wind didnt take you with it :bAmazing :)!I love the background blur!!
;)Both the composition and the light are really superb. Great shot, I'm in love with it and I immediately faved it. 
I'm glad you're living such a perfectly happy moment in your life. =)love itInspiring photograph
Really well composed and Greatly captured...awesome shot! where is that???This is amazing in all levels. I can't stop staring. 
Congratulations on Explore, I found this there.awesomeamazing picture! i've not been to brighton in years! the pier looks great in the background :)Vivant ...
;-) 
You are a CREATIVE MASTER. &quot;
Keep up your good work and let the light shine on you!
This photo was seen in:
Creative Master Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Estilo&amp;Modernidade, and we'd love to have this added to the group!the focus and the wind in her hair are wonderful!this is so beautiful.
love the wind in your hairi love this so so much i love your hair and your shoes and everythingThis is great.  Your work is amazing.i love the location and compositionoh wow, gorgeous!Such a lovely shot =)
Glad to hear you're happy &amp; Good luck ^_*Oh my god. I fell in love.wow!!!
most beautiful shot i have seen in ages!
Fav!!ﾚo√乇♥great shot!!!Excellent, beautiful work700 well deserved views already ! I heard a rumour they're going to start rebuilding the pier ? Also, thanks for your kind words and continued support.I love the pose and the hair action in this photo. Beautifully captured!Terrific shot my friend
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i love the hair bit :)this is the perfect picture in every way.this is so pretty, I love the focus.i love this shot. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )lovelly!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GREAT-PHOTO , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Świetnej   jakości   makro    w  ślicznym    kolorze  !!!Wow..., fantastyczna fotografia !!!WOW! Bardzo piekne macro. Fantastyczne ujecie :-)) Gratuluje 
Pozdrawiam :-))Foto vista en el grupo:

href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/absolutelybeautiful-absolutamentebello/&quot;&gt;ABSOLUTELY BEAUTY/ABSOLUTAMENTE BELLO
VERY BEAUTY/MUY BELLO !I like the heavy water drops.  They look warm and lazy.Bardzo ladne foto !!!Wow! This is brilliant. The color look beautiful , the droplets are magnificent !!!!!!!Super kropelki !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GOTAS :: DROPS &quot;&quot;&quot;NO ARTIFICIAL OBJECTS&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!green is good for the eyes!  Lovely...Nice shot!Love the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.Awesome!!
 The Nature Group The Nature Group The Nature GroupWonderful!   Those drops are perfect.  Great depth of field and reflections in the drops!The world inside of the raindrops is wonderful!
Great shot!Rewelacja !!!piekne ujecie !!!!!those are wonderful refractions! and the green looks also great for grey winter days!perfect macro !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Green is Gorgeous and Full of Life!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?²ˣ)Belle macroBrawo!!! Super kropelki!!!Fajne kropelki :)Gorgeous water drop detail.piękne makro... super , Halinko!Gratuluję   EXPLORE  !!!Congrats, my friend
This is an Excellent Work...Great CaptureWonderful macro!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )so wow!!!Beautiful!great image

This Photograph deserve another &quot;Fl&#9829;ckr Extraordinary Capture Award&quot;. as seen in our Pool, good job keep up the good work.




Fl&#9829;ckr Extraordinary Capture Flaming HOT Award !
Please Tag your photo with ExCapture
Cudowne! Jaka piękna zieleń!piękniegreat macro!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Seen this excellent photo in &quot;GOTAS :: DROPS&quot;
 GOTAS::DROPS
(post 1 comment 2)
*please tag GOTAS::DROPS*Fantastic capture, love the drops, really sharpWonderful macro with great details.Włodek dziękuję :)
Dziękuję Wszystkim :)

Thank you all :)Awesome macro catch. Truly outstanding 



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful shot. Deserving of Explore. Congrats. :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)outstanding photo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb photo! Wonderful! Congratulations on explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Realy super shot!.. :))) cooolInTeNCidAD

You deserve the InTeNCidAD Award !!!
Thank you for sharing your photo !
&amp;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!po prostu cudowne.Wonderful drops!This is really amazing, the colour gold with the black is perfect ;)CarBeautiful soulful image!!!!  ♥
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful!  Nice warm colors.he morbidoMarvelous shot... It is a good dog that will obey like that...  I do the erasing a lot when I use textures also... that makes for such a nice background...

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Now that is an impressive shot, did you use a toffee or something to stick them to her mouth !! lol poor Ashleyaw beautiful photo![http://www.flickr.com/photos/26722716@N05/] No toffees were used in setting up this shot, lol!fabulous image~!~
and what a beautiful and well behaved dog~!!~
i'm totally impressed~!!~

Your impressive image
deserves our TMI award


Thanks for sharing with usAwww a beautiful portrait,  shes beautiful, thank you for using my textureYour impressive image
deserves our TMI award


Thanks for sharing with uswhat a sweet shot:)  Good girl to hold the roses long enough for a photo!!What a patient modelThis is gorgeous.  And that yellow behind the black dog is amazing!  Well done.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so beautiful, both the image and Ashley, she's so gentle!lovely portrait =0]I love this photo of Ashley with the roses. It's sweet, beautiful, and very well done!Can't believe it either...what a good girl!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix ANIMAL Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb portrait, lovely girl!!Pretty girl.Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.What wonderful roses, beautiful texture!Wow! Awesome shot!

Canine Crown - Post 1, Crown 2Wonderful shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Dog Lovers Über Alles, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So winsome!  :)



--
Visto en una discusi&oacute;n del grupo &quot;TMI: ►Reality &amp; Imagination◄Lots of activities ♥Award 1♥&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Great work!lovely creation, I can't believe you got her to hold them either.... Ashley you're a very good girl.beautiful catch !

Seen and appreciated in:
 the little dog laughedExcellent composition, a wonderful shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful portrait-- so lovely with the rose- wow
good girl
congrats on Exploregood woman, Ashley, you are patient and beautiful. 
and you wear roses very well.

pretty. 
thank you so much for posting!
*
Found, admired, and loved in: the little dog laughed Beautiful--- I really love the colors.She looks so sweet, nice work! 

Seen and appreciated in:
 the little dog laughedShe looks so sweet. The colors are gorgeous!Excellent picture.Wow, that looks good! I like the repeating pattern.Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group!!RED of course!  
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )drooling from it.....Fantastic photo, and YUM!!! Looks great to me...tho' I've never understood tapioca!!oh this is very festive rebecca!  thanks for the well wishes!  have a wonderful brunch!Full delicious ...Man you are a brave one Rebecca ... you ate all of these?? Nice brunch .. and it was good of your Hubby to do this ... haha, a good time to fulfill your &quot;sweet-tooth&quot; dreams!! Excellent shot and beautiful colours!!yumee!!Looks yummy! For the last 16 years or so my husband has played (guitar) with a violinist on Valentines Day at a famous French restaurant in the Washington DC area. They give them a wonderful dinner and treat them like guests. I stay home, watch movies and then we have our day later.

Hope you enjoy yours![http://www.flickr.com/photos/leapfrog_photo/]  Art, I didn't use to have a sweet tooth...but I do now. sigh. I am going to try to control my consumption this Valentine's Day. ha. Oh gosh this looks great!Oh yummy! I want one right now;)thats about as valentine as it gets ;^)  good shot!yum, my mouth is totally watering. :) a very effective shot. I'm going to have to ask my husband to make some vegan fruit-juice sweetened sugar cookies this year. I try to avoid regular sugar, and they do taste great.Yummmm...for the desert.
You two are the best...have fun on your date.This looks so yummy! Enjoy your Valentine's date.. and be sure to take more food pics :)  (I've never tried tapioca - now I'm curious!)These look very tasty! Nice capture.Wonderful...Wonderful....Festive...Yummy....Fantastic photo
Are you going to watch American Idol tonight?  It's over here and tomorrow night the one's that made it work in groups.
Fantastic  and so Yummy good!Yum!!  Very pretty.Bright &amp; Colourful - have a wonderful Valentine's Day!What do you mean no luck with food pics - this is masterful!!!  Lovely!!Beautiful, taken with the old d300, real pretty[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ah_pics/]  Thanks for your kind comments. I always take my camera w/ me when we eat out. I take lots of pics but most are throw aways. 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hearman/]  Don...yes, this was taken last February with my d300. I wish I had kept that camera. Cherries and tapioca ... oh my taste buds.  Now I won't be able to get the thought out of my head.

Regarding our weather.  We are breaking all records for warm weather so far this year.  Wouldn't you know it!What a wonderful Valentine's dessert. Looks delici♥us! Awesome shot Rebecca. I hope you go someplace wonderful this year. Take a shot of all the courses ok!! 
My hubby is off this year, not sure what our plans will be.Delicious shot, Rebecca!  Time to raid the fridge;-)Mmmmm this looks delish!Beautiful treat - I love Salty's - one of our favorite restaurantsWonderful shot.  Well, I have to have a talk with my husband!  :)OMG, this is fantastic. Super shot.Looks yummy. Have a great dinner out together this year!Wow, great yummy composition!  Great selective depth of field!!now that would satisfy anyone's sweet tooth!Beautiful photo of the RED cherries ;-)  The heart-shaped cookies look so good...yum!Mmmmmm that looks delish!!! Its also a great idea with the heart cookies on the side of the glass, wonderful shot :)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Spectacular!  This was the one that jumped out at me from the thumbnails...  Kudos!I shall have to stop viewing you in the evening Rebecca.  These food shots make me hungry.  I never had a sweet tooth until I quit smoking five years ago.  I do treat once in a while though........aaaaahhhhh! Have to go get chocolate tomorrow, oh dear.....sigh.....Yummy!! Great photo here!! So detailed I can even see the sugar crystals on the cookies! Just beautiful! I love cherries on desserts, too!Yummy.They look lovely and then you had to ruin it by telling me there is tapioca in there..............terrible memories of school puddings:-(

Great shot thoughOh my that looks soooo good  enjoy your brunch :)Yummy! Nice shot!Lovely colors and composition....yummy and romantic ...perfect for Valentine's !I'd like to have one of those - they look very good =) nice shot !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )This sure looks yummy. 

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Precious! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! Good depth of field. 

Seen in Explore.Félicitations ! Très belle photo, vous êtes invitée sur
Congratulations ! Beautiful picture, you are invited on
~~Regards de Femmes~~ 

Post 1, Award 3Rebecca, have a lovely Valentine's Day with your husband and treat yourself to every single thing you want!  You deserve it.   I like this shot with the patterns in it; although, I must say I am not a cherry fan at all.  Never have liked them but they are pretty!   We had some snow here today in Toronto but it won't last as it's not very cold at all.  It looked nice first thing this morning though!  Say Hi to my fave  - Rusty!Beautiful scene of yumminess Rebecca!
I'm drooling...
I think your food photo's are excellent!
Enjoy your brunch this love weekend =)

p.s. Jim's my partner xoThat looks seriously nummy. We're eating k-rations with all the snow blocking the roads.Inventive dessert! That is so cute!Let The Treats Begin !!
Yummy :)
Valentine's Day, isn't it great !Yummy!! Now I'm hungry! :)Beautiful Valentines food! Seen on Explore.

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Taken a year ago, Rebecca???  You always say you have no archives, but you always manage to find great old photos from &quot;somewhere&quot;, LOL!  This is a neat one, a great angle, and such yummy dessert.  Why limit yourself on this one day?  One single day won't hurt : )  Enjoy your special meal!Beautiful set up &amp; so original......looks so tasty... *drool*[http://www.flickr.com/photos/annkelliott/]  I don't know what possessed me to post this shot. I was viewing pics of the lunch we had last Valentine's ......'saw this dessert shot....and impulsively decided to upload.
Sure, I have lots of pics in my archives taken  of get togethers with friends and family....those pics are personal and I don't usually intend to share on flickr. This was an exception. 

 I don't have images &quot;saved in my archives&quot; for the sole intent to reach for later&quot;.
Most, if not all, of my images on flickr were taken the same day/ week or month. well, this WAS a lucky shot my friend, I love the cookies and the red cherries look yummy.  Happy Valentines Day to you too, (it is our 10th anniversary) hugs, Irene

SEEN IN :

 HEARTS all HEARTS
Please Invite Other HEART's Too!I (we all!) are so glad you did decide to post this one, Rebecca!  Archives can be useful, and I have a huge archives - but mainly because I always run out of time before I start deleting all the garbage : )  Most of my archives really could be deleted, so it takes a bit of digging to find any ones fit to post.  I find it depressing looking through all these - would much rather deal with photos that I have just taken, but am taking so few this winter.How colorful!  i think this turned out very nice and it looks tasty too :)beautifulOh, YUM!!  I don't do well with food pix either. you did great here!
Oh, and I hate to tell you, but my lorikeet pix were also taken at the zoo!Fantastic Photo!  Have a wonderful dinner.This is a really cool shot! Now I'm hungry!amazing!Gorgeous!First I love the framing of this shot, was this cropped or straight out of the camera? Everything about this shot makes me feel like a kid again watching the shuttle launch for the first time!wow!  Very cool, nice work!Well done, you must have rented that great lens.Gorgeous night time image my dear, outstanding, really!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Thanks, everyone! The shot was cropped a little. The aspect ratio out of the camera is 4:6 and this is cropped down to 4:5 and then a bit more for proper framing. No more than 15% I'd say.

It was shot with a Canon 500mm f/4 IS with a 1.4x Kenko teleconverter.Fantastic shot, reminds me of home.  I do miss Florida.oh my, this is so intense! :)This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.PerfectionBeautiful light! Wonderful portrait!ohhhh.. beautiful!!!! I love it!!!  &lt;3  &lt;3&quot;...doing some tests&quot;... Yes, of course!... ;) But what results!!!
Your lighting is always so clean and fresh, and also the tones you have on the background, but also on her face and hair... (if I may say, I find her ear to be just a bit too bright, but maybe it's just my uncalibrated screen ;)..

I also like how the snow, or the snowy-rain, makes for an exquisite  natural texture on the photo.... Superb!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Thank you &amp; No.Your screen is fine. ;) I know what happened...I had to desaturate the background a little and I did that too to the ear by mistake.  I'll replace it ..Tks claudiaveja 

Now you really left me &quot;critique-less&quot;... and so I'll fave it twice! :)nu am vrut sa stric chipul, asa ca am notat pe gulergood portraitLooks very cute &amp; sweet!!
Perfect Captured!!Beautiful portrait!
Frumoasa expresie si lumina!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1449819...deosebit de faina !Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22724. 

Your all FP are listed here.Thank you !este frumoasa! 
nu stiu ce m-a facut sa ma gandesc instant la anna karenina. :) 
poate o fi blanita sau zapada.lovely.Ce fain c-ai iesit s-o fotografiezi exact cand fulguia. Nu stiu de ce, dar mi se par deosebite imaginile realizate pe ninsoare. :)well done!@ Dani
asa este dar cat chin :(( de la atata frig :)) now I'm happy thouinka o kapodopera de a ta....
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Claudia.reallly amazing portraitImi place nuanta putin violeta: da caldura fotografiei. Frumos lucrat.a prins bine ceaiul cald (sau vinul fiert) dupa?Steph looks stunning there, she is maturing to fast like a great wine.
Looks like a movie star in this shot.Actually the wine bit don't sound right....but I think you know what I mean. :))Very Beautiful portraitfabulous capture..frumoasa...e atat de reala si naturala!!!
she is simply gorgeous!perfect
nice using purple color as photo element themeGorgeous image , really touching, love it !!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful picture !!!!

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/flickrdiamondgroup/ please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond

Je vous invite † rejoindre notre groupe&quot;Portraits du monde

www.flickr.com/groups/portraits_du_mondeSi beautiful and perfect light!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Magnifique !Amazing~am vazut`o in cluj acu ceva timp...a trecut pe langa minelady in pinkWonderful shot !!I saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !wowoVery beautiful portrait !!Lovely model and shot!Superb image, excellent details and composition.
My compliments!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This pic reminds me of a renoirThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.cata naturalete....As some of you told me they like it when I tell how I treated my images here I go:

1) 3 shots in -2; 0 and +2 EV, tripod, Sigma 10-20 @20mm

2) HDR - Processing in Photomatix: Exposure Fusion of the 3 source images

3) Photoshop CS3: (selective) Brightness, (selective) Contrast, Retouching, selective de-noisingGanz toll !YesWonderful!!Hier wäre ich jetzt sooooooooooo gerne !!!!

Eine wunderschöne Aufnahme Eddi :-)gorgeous... wish i was there for valentine :)great purple glowsGorgeous colors and composition!splendid shot.love the compo
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I love everything about this. The colors, the composition, the subject.. makes me relaxed!nice image!!wow..impressive!oh man... what I would give to be sitting in one of those chairs right now...  

gorgeousahhh look at those colors!  awesome shot eddi!  hope all is well!Great !so gorgeous!Absolutely fantastic!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Oh, das ist wunderschön! Ein traumhafter Platz zum Relaxen :-)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )This has GOT to be paradise.Awesome! Nice work man.Wow, crazy and gorgeous colors! I want to be sitting there too. Hope you're all caught up w/ the images from your wonderful trip.♥!Woah the sky is insane!
How is that even possible?!Awesome colours.great color! awesome image!Amazing colors!Do you just spend your entire life traveling? It seems that way =] LuckyIch habe schon angefangen die Tage bis zu meinen nächsten Urlaub zu zählen.... bei solch tollen Bildern zähle ich etwas schneller!
Eine hervorragende Aufnahme, Eddi!Hui ein bißchen sehr pink *g* aber eine großartige Aufnahme!! 
Gefällt mir, dass die Stühle nicht &quot;plump&quot; genau in der Mitte stehen - schöne Bildaufteilung! hätte große Lust mich da jetzt reinzusetzen. 

Viele GrüßeExcellent, Eddi!   As always, your pictures are full of color.Lovely shot!!!Geniales Lied &lt;3
Und sogar pink für meine Gruppe *gg*
Da wär ich jetzt gern, mit dir.... *träum*This a stunning and magnificent sunset my friend, love those wonderful hues you've captured!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)fantastic!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Hi Eddi,

wahrscheinlich wunderst du dich, warum ich so lange nichts mehr geschrieben habe. Naja, vielleicht ja auch nicht... 
Ich nehme jetzt mal das Foto als Anlass, mich wieder zu melden. Gut finde ich die Bildaufteilung und das Motiv. Das hat was, das packt mich. Naja, klar, dort wäre ich jetzt auch gerne, würde mich in einem dieser Strandstühle lümmeln, vielleicht noch einen Longdrink in der Hand - und dem Sonnenuntergang zuschauen. Anschließend ins Meer und ein wenig durch die Nacht schwimmen. Doch, könnte ich mir gut vorstellen. Was ich mir allerdings nicht vorstellen kann: Dass die Sonnenuntergänge selbst dort so übersättigt sind. Das ist einfach zu viel, viel zu viel (meiner bescheidenen Meinung nach). Und: Das macht in meinen Augen dieses an sich tolle Bild kaputt. You know what I mean. Du drehst einfach ein bissken zu viel an den Knöpfen - und das finde ich schade. 
Andererseits: Der Erfolg gibt dir vielleicht doch Recht? Wer weiß. Zum Glück gibt's ja tausend verschiedene Geschmäcker. Meiner sind diese übersättigten Farben jedoch nicht (mehr). 
Bin jedoch weiterhin gespannt auf deine nächsten Fotos.

Liebe Grüße
Eddi

P.S. Ich weiß, dass du auch solche Kommentare verträgst, sonst hätte ich das gar nicht erst geschrieben. Und darauf ein Flens ;-))now why weren't those seats filled to watch this beautiful scene!Hallo lieber Eddi,

Eins vorab: vielen Dank für Deine offene, tolle Kiritik!! Wie Du schon geschrieben hast und wie Du weisst freue ich mich immer SEHR über eine solch offene, konstruktive Kritik. Also immer weiter so!!!
Zu Deiner Kritik: ich werde mir das SOOC nochmal daheim anschauen und schauen, wie es wirklich war. Es war auf jeden Fall ein sehr beeindruckender Sonnenaufgang (das einzige mal, dass ich es geschafft habe mich im Urlaub zu überwinden um 5 Uhr morgens aufzustehen...) nur er war ziemlich sicher nicht ganz so Farbenfroh wie auf diesem Bild. Allerdings versuche ich mit meinen Bildern ja nicht, die Realität wiederzuspiegeln sonden versuche je (bewusst) schöne Stimmungen zu kreieren die einen zum Träumen anregen. Mir ist bewusst, dass ich es damals oftmals übertreibe und versuche schon mich mit den Reglern etwas mehr zu beherrschen, scheinbar (wie in diesem Fall) nicht immer mit Erfolg.
Wie immer nichts für ungut, ganz im Gegenteil!!! Geniess Dein Flens (um diese Uhrzeit? *gg*) und hab einen wunderschönen Tag!

Liebe Grüße
Eddi

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)der song dazu ist schon oft gehört aber man hört ihn immerwieder gern ....passt perfekt zum bild...momentan sind träume von der sonne schön...in large super !

ya zenhaaaaaaa &lt;33 , 7bet elbokeh 
well done 7beeeeebtii :** B &lt;3&lt;3333 u ya B  
Fanana mn yoomch ;)ريكز هني :PFdaaaaaaaaaaaaithaaa ana ammooot feeeha
:***************Loveeeeed el bokeh &lt;33Cooooooool ! . .waaiin 7rf el F :)Amazing ..nbii F :P&lt;3^ bsherty sm3i el klaam :P cuz nby F :P
&lt;3333
awesome bokeh!

AmazinG

yaaa lbaaa Glbch


I &lt;3 B
and of curse it's FAV. with me &amp; TOP of the list ;D


&gt;B&gt;[ Galla el Roo7 ]
&lt;3 u more A ;*,Reek'z ²²
Hehehe ! Mbrok :psʜσG Glbi ♥ , ; 
Tfdaaach ya glbhaa abte :* 
W B t3shg u ;)Aisha &amp; speedo :
Okeeeeeeh =| !! 
An6roO v.vღ јσôσly Qţя ღ : 
Albeeeech bh&lt;3

ThaQ guys :D 
Glad you like it !
(F)Lovely :D
7abait el-Bokeh in the BG
Keep it Goin ;)


Fdaaaaat h ha el 7arf ana (L)



Fav 

Fav~great shot!
congrats on Explore!


Thank You All :D
Glaaad You Like it&lt;3 :)A7la letter ;P
loool &lt;3 love the picture and the edit &lt;3 the bokeh is gorgeous &lt;3yup it is a7laaaa One&lt;3 :P 
Mrce (a)Precious! 

Seen in Explore.nicely done
***When your photo has received 3 Award Stars,
please share it in our Award Winner's Gallery***
Seen in  The Envy &amp; Envied Photos on Flickr!

The Public Group (invited photos only)wonderful creative shot!!!!

love itfantastic !This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! seen in SUpeROsiTY!
The Superosity of Most things!great photopsychedelic!!これちょーーかっこいいです！
すごいクリエイティブな一枚ですね！！wonderful ! cool shot.Wow! Very cool shot!ghostsmagical... with rockin light!Amazing work, great effect !seen in SUpeROsiTY!
The Superosity of Most things!Greeting from Bangkok:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_OHyfuvEq8
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY


Kornrawiee's Gallery... Invite ONLY 
Have a nice day &amp; be happy:)amazing result.  this is dreamy and cool!a very nice piece of art!Love it!!!Perfect image !awesome effect, cool!Perfect!
Beautiful creative shot and you composed everything very well.Thank you all for your comments and favs.

I used this lens  to take this photo

Very interesting picture!+++Fascinating image !

--
http://interes.tingness.com/ (?)very creative and evocative work ...
well done!Great shot. Movement and life.soo amazingGreat !
C'est très difficile de faire une vrai bonne composition avec ce type d'outil.
Bravo.Oh!!! This is beautiful my friend.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)おもしろーい、どうやって撮ったの？EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

   Hey, I like it! Way cool use of a filter.

This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Bien reflejada nuestra Pérgola, le has dado mucha profundidad y el suelo precioso.....me gusta la luz del fondo, saludos.....Y luego me dices a mi :-)
Anda que no te gustan ni nada esos reflejos en el suelo mojado.Muy bien encuadrada, un arco que lleva a otro arco, el suelo con ese agua está excelente. Bajo mi humilde opinión novata la noto un pelin oscura pero viendo la luz que hay en la pared del arco de enfrente no hay otra opcion sin procesarla. Pero muy chula Javi.

Saludos!El brillo del suelo mojado es media foto, la otra media  el equilibrio de luces. Me gusta mucho más esta.Muy buen color y los reflejso muy bien captados asi como los colores. La nitidez es asombrosa.¡Que belleza!. En grande me he pasado un buen rato contemplándola, el color, la luz, los reflejos. El sitio me gusta, pero tu imagen lo realza.
href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/astrabuduko-foto-club/&quot;&gt;

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub 
Comentada en Fotografia Digital &quot;Naturalmente&quot; 
(Post 1 &amp; coment 3)me gustan los reflejos del suelo y el brillo de las baldosas.well done. So old, yet so shiny.Me encanta Javi, el brillo del suelo mojado le da un carácter especial a esta foto, has conseguido una profundidad genial y la luz del fondo también está muy bien. Me gusta muchoEsto es saber aprovechar las circunstancias, magnífico encuadre con una nitidez y colores de lujo.Parece que la acaban de lavar para TI, buena luz para mostrarnos una toma que supera la realidad.Estupenda composición y gran edición.... excelente trabajo!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Congrats my friend on ExploreJoer, cualquiera diría que es el parque de Doña Casilda. En pequeñita parecía un palacio y todo :-D

Por cierto, respecto a tu comentario... los días de lluvia son cuando más bonitos están los bosques y el monte, sobre todo cuando hay niebla. Por lo menos yo lo veo así.

Saludos.SuperbWOW my friend .....an image that would grace any wall

I love the  gentle coppery tonesI may as well favourite every picture in your photostream lol! Top shot, beautiful colours and atmosphere in the shot, the waters look so still!Stunning shot mate.Wonderful shot!Gorgeous image, nicely done!Wunderbar : )POW !!!!!!!
An image with IMPACT !!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Stunner.Large and on black simply takes my breath away... Beautifulsuperb shot. has quite an eerie feel to itOutstanding as usual. The light is beautiful.
Denewonderful feeling well capturedGreat landscape!nice one, great shot!Truly Stunning   Scotland can be so beautifulStunning tone and reflection! Love the processing. Very well done. :-)So Amazing Reflection.man, this is sick...and that is sick in a great! way....congrats on the capture!Awesome. I think I would like to make my home somewhere near this place!Fantastic. Makes me feel really homesickWow, like in a dream !Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Lovely work, well captured.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very beautiful, congratulations for a wonderful photoThis is just incredible, I love it!!!Taken some time ago at a guess ..Fantastic colours, mysterious moody shot.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??amazing capture!!!! well done!Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Gorgeous. Really beautifulWow. Way to capture the elements. Great work!I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.The tones, the reflection, the athmoshphere in this picture is stunning!This is a gorgeous image my friend, WOW!!!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful- moving- what a lovely mood
congrats on ExploreA cracker. Great capture.beautiful shot and mood...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow, awesome shot.  Love the amazing colors and reflections.  Well done.  An instant fav for sure.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Dreamy!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called **Frozen Moments** Admin Invitation only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Nice tones.Beautiful athmosphere. CongratsThanks for sharing
your great work

**Frozen Moments**&quot;Thanks for sharing
your great work

**Frozen Moments**&quot;good one!7bibtiii Mriooooooom ya eldbaaa miss u :* :* 
ahaaaaaam shii 3jbtch elpicture &lt;33 fdeet'ha nouufooo eldbbaaa 6al3aaa knha w7daaaaaa hadiaa mn glb 97 :O(L)
i love u mriom elklba :D 
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥&lt;3

fdaathhha soo cute mushalla 
faav7beeeeeeeeeebtiiiii &lt;333333333Fdait'haa :***-&lt;3 u Cutttte Mashallah ♥♥♥FdaaaaaaaaaaaaathhhhaFaaaaaaaaaaaVMashalla :**Mashaaaalla;***Cuuuute *fave mashallamashalla ;*
Raby y7f'9ha 
Love you Alreema ( L )mashallah &lt;3
Mashalla &lt;33  Maryoooooooo ?Mashalla &lt;3 Fdetha A7bha 
Fav L3yonch w L3yonha A7bchA.M.E ; Adoer u 7yattii &lt;3FunyoO ; 3yooon Maryyyyom Ro7hha ;p ( L )
W Ana Amoooooooot Feeeeeech Ya 8llbii &lt;33mashallah allah y7f'6ha..

mskeena dafoohaaaMashalla &lt;33Cute,,^^wayya Fdeet wjha 2ljeml Mshalla 3leha
Love you 7yati ;$ w Sure Faved l3yoon noufi 2ljmela ; w Alreem ;$mashallah, how gorgeous she is :*
congrats to the explore ;)mashalla 
rabe ya7f'9ha .. waaaay Fdet'haaa ;*
(kkkk),Mashaalla..Mashalla ♥Fdiiiiiiiiiiiitha , FAVwoow her eyes are soo blue :)Cutee Mashalla
Thbll Fdeethaaa ana
__
Well Taken sweety
Keep Going ,, xDHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent shot seen on FP :-)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Cute
Allah y7f'9haMashalla 3leeeeha ., allah y7f'6ha inshalla
abd3ti walla ., 7beet al.pic wayed
fav
ᗩMᗩZING ♥♥ 
Faved .,
 fdaiiiiiiiiit'hha anaaa Fdeet'ha ana &lt;33
Love youh ♥Wonderful shot !!Lovely eyes!Mashalla &lt;3mashalla she's so cute , loved her eyes and el colors , and congrats on explore , :Dmashallahgod bless her=*cute mashallahmashalla ~ FAVNice one roo7ii &lt;3Awesome image...amazingBeautiful image, nicely done.Wow. Beautiful detail here.amazing details 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Bokeh and Beyond (post 1 - award 3), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Love the detail hereOMG!!!! how did you that?Nice capture! Very nice details!nicedas ist doch schnee von gestern ;-)
cool :-)Amazing detail.great macroWunderschön!Outstanding photo!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)So beautiful!Very cool! Would love to know how to do this.wooow!!!!stunning macro!!Beautiful!Wow - I live in hope that one day I will be able to capture a snowflake even half as well as this.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)very beautifulHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Excellent shot!!!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Excellent image - very unusual against the green backgroundAmazing photo =) Like it
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )awesome! 
:Dwoow,fasziniert mich+++:-)Wonderful macro with great details.Fantastic catch, gorgeous image


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Eccellente macro
Vista su explore,complimentiJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)This is so beautiful! Congratulationsvery nicewow..this is really fantastic!MY BOO GOT HIS BRACES OFF
p.s. Keegz drew that sweatshirt when he was in grade school hahaWhy does everyone in your town have such great style? And so young too.what a beautiful morningwow sosososososososososo beautiful 
i luuuuuuuuuuu dis eeeggggggg
so inspiring. i want to see your movie so badly. i am dreaming of an olivia bee christmas. what? no. what? no...lovelygreat shotI agree, I am jealous of your friends style.to cool. love his style too.These colors are so beautiful. I love his birds too. :-)yeahhhahh i love the red, and the light.
this is wonderful :Dyour friends always dress really well!love the fog. and those lights.you and your friends are the coolest people I have never met.i want to live in your world wear everyone dresses like this and lets you take amazingly artistic pictures of them

:)I lalalove the tones and colors so much!love that sweatshirt :D 
but also the car headlight behind him is the best part of this (:dat sweater is epic.you have GOT to tell me where you and your friends get all your clothing. please do share!this is so totally beautiful.
i fricking want the goose shirt.
and also ive always wanted to marry a boy named liam, not this one or anything, just felt the need to inform you.Great colors, light, atmosphere.i love how soft yet vibrant this isSHIT I love thisamazinnnnohhh really strange.. cold atmosphere but hot colors.
perfectmy gosh the colors are incredibleGorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is absolutely amazing!wonderful!yes!i bow down to your cornerliness. :)That's a beauty!sweet mother of lovely mouldings.yeah, bow i say! ;)

actually, ansel, this is a lovely frame given to me by the always in excellent taste, 10cent designer. it was in gracious thanks for staying in my apartment while i was away. :)lovely!Beautiful!Absolutely beautiful!!!Fun!!Wonderfull detail!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!thanks all, very much! and explore? really? nice. :)Excellent shot.... congrats!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Lovely&lt;333thanks you :PFdiithoum (L)__(L) 
Love you;*.Awwwwwh
Wenassa *_*FKA
Love you more ya b3di;*

gravi 
eee:Pmashalla :*:* ضايعين بينهم :p
well done fdeetch:*,faved&lt;3hhhh LOL ee:P&lt;333Hhhh cute tshba'h bnt 5alti :* ,:P&lt;33hhhh , so cute mashalla , iLove/Miss you f6oomtii :&quot;( &lt;3
sure fave l3yoon noor w s3ood ;) !hhhhh
its look you had so much fun :)
loove youhh ;**Fdiithoum (L)__(L) 
Love you;''$

a7la shay s3ood:P

a7la mnch;''pRHA
7yate anty missyou more:&quot;(((

Mrmr
eeee:P
Love yew more;**RoRo
aklii tbn -_-:P!hhhh Gr8:PMashalaGoodWork
bl3afya ;p ;**graet :*
looove u
 ♥__ ♥iloveyou:*
&lt;33:P=*love youh 
;*Bloody
Allah y3afeech:P

Jwaher
Amoot feech ;*

AJ
a3sh8ch:Oly:* Fdaatha Nooooooor &lt;333333
s3ooood ela y36eeny 7laawa W warda &lt;33333
 :LOL:Plove you :*y7lelhm :PCuutefaved&lt;3see the chaina eyes LOL yshbhon b3a'9 :Pfdeethum Mashallah
allah y7f'9hum Ooy5aleehum lkom .,
FAV ;)
aweeeeeeeh 3laa al9oooraa

fe alctiy cnter

raw3aaaaaaaaaaa


&lt;3 it 


malhaa 7aal al9oooooora



nice pic




ebdaa3




comment me pllz

=D 





missed you ya bnt :&quot;) مـحد محـلي الصـوره الا نور  :pP 
الله يحفظهااا ياااربWell Taken
sweety
keep it foo8
*_^Fav l3yon Nour !alaaaaaaah Fridays Stuff abee ; pp


niice wallah f.a.vLonely Qtr 
LOL:P 

Mariam w ANA Mali rb -_-ويــــــــــــه ماشاءالله
يهبلووون
خاصه البنوتهـــ
الله يحفظهم
:):) 
ويحفظك اخوي تسلمhhhhhhhhhhhhh OMG i was there :p

i saw them :pya7lelhum xP&lt;3S3ouuuuuuud *.*يآلبى ، يآ دييينهممم 
آلله يحفظهم إن شآء آلله ‘ 
&lt;3Senior
:|LOL ama xD

Glamour
T3rfeenah:O:P

E
ويحفظج اختي:* lol faved (L)_(L) !Loooolll
ᗩMᗩZING ♥♥ 
Faved .,
 فديتهم ماشاء الله يجننون =$nice!-THAANKSSSS:pGorgeous photo! This looks like something out of a fairytale book!Just re-read your title, I now realise that's the idea, dohDefinitely looks magical!  Terrific shot!Ooh yes, very fairytalepath frames the picture really wellLovely composition.Nice shot, I love the winding of the path.what a fabulous setting!great composition with the path and the little girl :)
there is something in the top right corner that bugs me a little bit. but love the picture anyway.I agree, it's a branch... worth trying to clone out?  Think would make it messy...What a perfect path! and such good skipping!I love this, really fairytale-like.Cute - lovely shot.
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Thanks all - replaced with no corner distraction (I hope?!). :-)So cute - and what a great path!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Aw bless so cute!heee, cute!Lovely shot.The picture is great. It's almost as if the light is following the little girl as she skips along. Molto carina.Lovely PC. Looks so magical and reminds me of a film...can't remember which one though!
love the shape of that path.Pretty shot!  What a perfect setting, like the secret garden.what a great winding path, it leads the eye nicely.lovely shot.. love the winding pathwayBeautiful! I love the composition, and your little girl looks like she's skipping merrily along. Great colors, too.lovely compositionSo beautifulheh so cute, great shot!!lovely shot, an eerie quality to it.!Awww gorgeous. lovely processing

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)the story behind this is great. you portrayed the adventure perfectly. (:It reminds me so much of the seventies.  &lt;3omgosh i lovee thisahhh i do love this
such an indie summer feel. everything about it, the hazy sunshine, the rolled up jeans, guitar, headbands, summer dress, necklace, white teeshirt, the bare feet, sitting in the middle of the road and OH i do love it :)this is so nostalgic looking
i love itI'm in love with this.This is such a gorgeous photograph!loooooove this :)this is far outtt!this is just too cute, love it!!Excelent shot, i love this!!!!SO CUTE love everything about itAhhhh, this is amazing. So perfect .. the lighting, their expressions, their cool clothes and bare feet ... awesome.This is GORGEOUSamazingBeautiful shot!!!beautiful shot, i love it:)This is so sweet, I really love itThis is amazingAmazing;)beautiful, looks like a movielove the concept.OMG OMG! i really LOVE this pic!very cute =]this could possibly be the cutest photo ever!
the guy looks like tyler kyte. attractive. :D
and that girl is super pretty too.
i just love this!how cuteee!
now i seriously cannot wait till the summer!
the grain, lighting and tones are perfect here.Great feeling!Beautifuloh, and i forgot to say how much i loveee;
the tones, the grain, the distance, &amp; the light.
&lt;3Wow, everything about this is just so...Amazing. I really can't get enough of it :) I love it so so muchthis makes me feel so nostalgic. i want to live in this photo forever.beautiful, adorable, everything amazinggg &lt;3oh my God, seriously this is beautifulamazing shot :)
they look awesome :D
Loved it .!:)Beautiful shot..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Amore che vieni, amore che vai, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Amazing shot..really great. It makes me smile, there's a beautiful light and I love your expressions.THis is such a cute capture :]

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautifulthis is beautifulthis comes straight out of another century :PfnatasticThe mood, style, era, and tones in this are everything I love about moments like this one. Great capture.This is one of my favorite photos ever :) thanks for sharing a smile with the worldAwesome!  Congrats on Explore.Ooooown, que lindo!
Amei essa foto!!Perfectoi love when photos tell a story, and this one truly does. keeps me wondering :)Definitely a great photo!!! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?):) :) wowfantastic photo!!!!
seen in www.youtube.com/watch?v=51V1VMkuyx0This is so beautiful! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Alternative Style, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I swear, i have looked at this photo five times today, i love it!
xoperfect tones!looks like freedom and peace
amazing
love the pose and tonesbeautiful! just love the lightyou look like really happy hippies.
the photo is so lovelyaww this picture is soo cute! they look so happy and in love :)
don't you just love, love? haha.
anyways, adorable photo.absolutely perfect...I don't even know what to say.  This is just so great.Wow...you captured the perfect moment in their expressions! The whole photo is just incredible...DCist Photo of the Day for February 9, 2010niceGreat shot, congratulations on Photo of the Day!Congrats on Photo of the Day! Nice scene.... my office is right behind that building - we have not been at work since last Thursday.Gorgeous capture &amp; timing with the family therewell done, congrats on POTDHi, I'm an admin for a group called FoBoBLo Fotos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice shot.Love the idea behind this shot! And the pink lips are totally fab :)Pink lips are brill! Great idea.cool idea!!!!!cute! love this idea =]Between you and me... I think the concept is great yet a little wrong. Keyword: Viceversa. I think in the real life little Els rules your world. At least that's what I see on your playful stream everyday and I think that's one of your strongest points.
On the other hand I love that sort of dialogue between two different processes within the same frame. Both times goes well together. There's no contrast, because &quot;contrast&quot; sounds like opposites... I'd say both Els/moments/pictures they walk altogether holding hands.
So... I love this picture, if it's not clear yet. :-)great idea...the title is so true....and a great picture!Awesome idea!Little Skip!elskippy ^^aww....Very nice!Oh yes...your pink lips really make this special, love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love it.
Het idee is super leuk !So lovely!awww,Classic!
Love the lips!LOVE THIS! Awesome work, Els!Interesting alternative to a picture frame..
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great idea :)What a cutie :PLove this :-)  The colors are perfect!Love pictures in a picture :Dlove the exposure and colors!I added this to my gallery of food as it appears she's eating her youth. Thanks for the wonderful piece of art.Awwwwwwww. Look at little Els. So sweet.great shot!
congrats on Explore!great idea and shot, love the pink lips, and the little Els is so cute.Between you and me... I think the concept is great yet a little wrong. Keyword: Viceversa. I think in the real life little Els rules your world. At least that's what I see on your playful stream everyday and I think that's one of your strongest points.
On the other hand I love that sort of dialogue between two different processes within the same frame. Both times goes well together. There's no contrast, because &quot;contrast&quot; sounds like opposites... I'd say both Els/moments/pictures they walk altogether holding hands.
So... I love this picture, if it's not clear yet. :-)Nam Phạm Interesting. It seems I've found a soulmate.What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Amazing idea and I think you realised it wonderfully. Great composition and I love your lips!Brilliant idea and execution!!! :)super creatief !! mooi gedaan weer.Fantastic composition !!  Creative and beautiful.Well captured
How wonderful. Lovely concept.beautiful composiyion!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/this is insanely good. the colors + the focus= brilliant.I hope you are pretending - :(اگه راهی پیدا کردی به منم بگو:))اديت و ايده جالبي بود
مام
:)
Congratulations! Your photo is a favourite in &quot; Cafe Naderi group&quot;Girls always looks cute when they do not speakعجب ايده ي رديييييييييييفيييييييييييييييييي
ايييييييييووووووووولللللآخي
چه عكس نازي
ما كه راهي بلد نيستيم
لبخندامون فقط اسميلاي مسنجر بود كه اونم 
ازمون دزديدن، ما كه همون لبخند زوركي كاغذكي رو هم ازش بي بهره ايم
اما عكست خيلي زيبا شده
ايده اش خيلي جالبه
بخصوص اونيكه رو دوشته خيلي دخترونه و خاصش كردهمن این نورپردازی ساده اتاق رو تو عکس دوس دارم!
احساس میکنم ایده یکم تکراریه!
ولی حالتی که گرفتین با آرایش بهم خورده از گریه خیلی خوبه واقعاچه سوال سختی :دی
ایده ات را می ستاییم 
حرف دل ما رو زد :|عالیه. ایده ساده
اجرا ساده
نتیجه فوق العاده


Congratulations! Your photo is a favourite in &quot; Cafe Naderi group&quot;toro khoda yekam az in idea at o be manam bede.. man inghad ke be gherti baziyayae akkasi tavajoh mikonam be idea a ham ziad tavajoh nemikonam ......  dase manam begir.......:PMano yaade caricatori az Mana Neyestaani mindaaze:

photos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc1/hs149.snc1/5540_117...

photos-g.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc1/hs254.snc1/10129_60...Nice Capture I love the composition
Congratulations! Your photo is a favourite in &quot; Cafe Naderi group&quot;جراحي لبخند بر لبان خستهBe nazaram khoobe Refer bedi idea ro az ki gerefti...گاهی گریه گاهی خنده..........اینه رسم زندگی ...ایده جالب و دیدنی...تو خداي ايده اي دختر
محشرهHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe World of Disturbia , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.ایده خوبیهvery nice! fantastic idea!No need to pretend, be happy :D It's so easy too be happy, just wanna be, and then you are !very creativewonderfully done! feel better :Dزندگی زیباست . . فقط چشم زیبا بین میخوادعجب ایده ای
عالیه نازلیexcellent!!!I have the &quot;:&quot; myself ad just look for something ,some one, some where who (which) wanna change (his) her &quot;)&quot; with my &quot;|&quot;Muy buena foto 

FOTO INVITADA A / INVITED TO El Factor HumanoPreciosa.Yeaaaaah!!!
Buena foto,Ali ;dFabulosa. Me la quedo. Un abrazo.Estupenda foto, eres una crack con la iluminacion Mar

Un besoQué bonita! me gusta como  suena, :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)me encanta la composición! solo un detalle, igual podrías oscurecer un poco la etiqueta de la manga que aparece a la izquierda, distrae la atención de cosas más importantes, como las manos..Impecable, elegante, de una limpieza impresionante. Que buena eres, Lizana...Ufff, Palabras mayores.

Saludos,
La Factoria Wasichuenoorme !!!Que pasada Mar. Un resultado muy profesional. Aparte de la tonalidad (super bien controlada) me encanta el detalle de que el músico no muestre la cara. Así toda la atención recae sobre las manos y el instrumento.  Felicidades!!
 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excellent image!!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Art795, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Precioso encuadre, el detalle de las manos genial y la combinación rojo/negra con los tonos de la piel es perfecta.¡Que buena...me encanta como destacan con la luz las cuerdas del contrabajo!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ESCENARIO y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Espectacular!!Una foto digna de portada de disco! Muy buena!Love the red against black, beautiful!Wonderful seascape!97 seg de puro lujo, puro minimalismo con unos tonos muy agradables y una textura en el agua superior!
Vaya dos nacho y Ruben :-)great use of nd's... lovely seascape  !!!preciosa captura..!
ese cielo es una pasada!
:-)Lovely simple vibrant shot.

when I say simple I mean in view not technicallytoo beautiful........ i really love thisfascinating composition ... love itTan simple y tan bella. La arena y el cielo se complementan perfectamente contrastados ...Sencilla y fina fina filipina!
los colores magníficos y el cielo un pasote
Me encanta compi
Un abrazoHi, I'm an admin for a group called Minimalist Landscapes - Paisajes minimalistas, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Espectacular.....es una pasada como se funde el cielo con la tierra.

Un abrazo.Beautiful!Me gusta ese extraño juego de simetrías. la arena alos lados del charco, la nube y la espuma de las olas ... Preciosa!Maravillosa, sin palabras...Instant fave, awesome shot :)Que delicada, que fina, tremenda Juandiego.Qué chula tío!

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Ari, ari, ari&quot; (?)Que me gusta esta tio... arf !! :-) unas líneas preciosas.Never was a title so apt! Superb composition! This could almost be an abstract painting...a VERY good abstract painting...and the colours! Excellent work, my friend.vaya, pense que habia visto hasta la extenuacion marinas, pero siempre hay alguna que te sorprende gratamente, como esta

Un foton, digno de colgarse en una buena sala de exposiciones, o mi salon XDXD

gracias por la dedicatoriatremendous !

I love Radiohead toowhoa this is good*_*   hermoso!just too beautiful not to fave!!
love the clouds movement and reflection..the blue colour is so pleasing to my eyes....FAVED many times over!!That's a great shot =) It has that holiday feeling !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.:)Nice my friend
lovely placev.niceWow!! Love this shot, beautiful work!!

Its amazing that these shots are not HDR, your technique is impressive. Ty for posting info on these shots.Excellant colours toneawesome exposure!!! very very beautiful !!!!!!!Excelente toma, me gustan mucho esos tonos conseguidos y el contraste de ese azul con la arena. Gran trabajo!!

Saludos.Looks beautiful..........Wow ,fantastic technique you've done for this photo !Suave pero con excelentes tonalidades i definición !Impressive scenery, stunning exposure! Congrats on explore!Perfecta!!Es una maravilla, gran exposicion!!Felicidades por el explore compañero!Impresionante imagen con un procesado extraordinario, enhorabuena.
Saludos.Muy buena, muy buen colorido.
Un saludo........Acabo de descubrir tu galería, grandes fotos, si señor :)

Salu2Amazing shot...great colors!Enchanting  capture, beautiful colors!!!

Excellent work!!!

Thanks for sharing, have a lovely days!!Es una imagen bellísima de un precioso colorido. SaludosHi, I'm an admin for a group called Comer, Rezar &amp; Amar (Eat, Pray &amp; Love), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Es muy buena! Esos reflejos son espectaculares y el color muy limpio.

Saludos.BeautyFantásticaq imagen.
Los tonos bellísimos.
Saludos.La tierra es un paraíso, un ensueño de perfecta unidad con todo lo más precioso, en vastedad de hermosura, en magnificencia de arte divino que no se puede copiar, que no se puede fabricar, que no se puede reemplazar.- Como tú ángel de amor celeste, como tú que eres único y que no tiene comparación ni precio ni ninguno otro igual, porque el cielo cuando naciste puso un sello de original he irrepetible sobre la nítida cuna que te recibió con jubilo de primores, de besos, caricias y arrullos de mil sabores.- Sabores que guardan las flores como las estrellas de los firmamentos, imposibles en robarse, más posibles en amarse.-superb image, my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1554257...Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22795

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)WOW....DAMN PRETTY!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comLove the simplicity of the scene.gorgeous!


--
Seen on the FRONT explore page. (?)beautiful place...I love the post process  So pro. thanks for sharing your comments.Fabulosa toma
excelente
saludosYour tripod images make the hectic world a serene place to stay in. All that is racing and running is eliminated and what seems quiet and calm (i.e. clouds) suddenly comes to life.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Juan.Que belloVery nicePięknie!Where do you get these hauntingly beautiful women from? Great work!Simply a beautiful portrait!WOW!!!! stunning, model, make up, photo and processing. absolutely perfect!Mhmmmm, bardzo !Beautiful, love the eyes!Francois, thank you very much for comments and gallery :)

David, I approached her in a pub as I thought she was amazing (think I was right eh?)

Thanks weaveDesign and Danielle! 
Dzieki Gosiu i Kasiu!you inhabit a world of beautiful people !Alez oczy!!!Swietny kadr.wow!!!!! chekc out her eyes! stunning! and i love the black and white :)o wow, pięknaświetny portrecik! Podoba się! :)wow Asia!!! some of your best work yet!!!! So crisp and precise!!! Love it!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Expressões, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautifulLovely portrait!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Casual Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called One World, One Dream - Say NO to N.W.O !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called inspired - exposures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!everytime I come on to your site Asia, I'm left speechless.
Just 1 Stunning shot after another!You were certainly right to have picked her out!

Great shot - very different from your earlier shot of her.  I didn't even pick it was the same model.  Thought maybe you'd started a habit and picked up another stunning subject at the pub!!! I had to check back to the other shot.

Was this done in the same session as the other one?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Most Beautiful of the Kingdom!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fabulously gorgeous!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?) haha, yeah the same girl, but I will still stalk other girls. THere are so so many gorgous women out there , here I come hahah!!!

 awwww Dale, so very kind of you! THank you so much.
 thanks a lot.another fantastic shot; very warmvery natural...FAVED!!great shot !! 
the picture of beautywonderful!amazing focus, amazing crop, amazing clarity... just simply fabulous...
nice work bud


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Stunning black and white my friend, truly a fantastic shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow..gorgeous. beautiful eyes
nice framingGorgeous portrait!
Seen on Explore.Superb portraiture.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You are perfect!!!!!Wonderful mood and composition! So cooooold I can feel it! _Isabella - thank you kindly! :)Excellent art - great texture on the trees!
great minimal image!
Best regards!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)WOW...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pooluitindu-ma la poza asta ma simt ca virful  virfului de nimic :)beautiful shot, as always! ;)This is so dramatic.....love it so much!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Jotbe's Group (Invited Only) - Give 2 Awards, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Superb Touch !!

:-)Excelenta atmosfera!!!This is so magical.  Excellent o'man.Magic moments...... Foarte foarte frumos!This is way cool! I love this texture!OutstandingAbsolutely love this Alinawesome mood and treatmentHi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fara cuvinte!!!!! :) Felicitarile mele, boierule! :))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All memories are welcome 1 post 3 comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!super...ca de fiecare data :)Excellent work!... poetry ... beautiful ...Such a wonderful shot...great mood!A wonderful scene =) Like it!
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )This is amazing Alin. I can't stop staring. 

Congratulations on Explore, I found this there.Just what it looks like in Norway just now...This is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.outstandingThey are together in this big world!!! Amazing sensational work!Great with the sharpness on the trees!
Have a nice day!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so magical!What a great day:)What a fantastic set of photos. Very inspiring!Amazing! Got to love the precisa! Lovely tonesVery, very nice!
If you've got any Lomo aeroplane wing shots don't forget to add them to my Lomo Wings group!Wow, such blues!!This is beautiful!BeautifulThanks for your comments everyone

 qwj It certainly was a lovely clear day over India. Alas it wasn't so nice when I got to England. I was hoping to photograph my house (as we flew over it!) but all I got was a load of grey cloud. Maybe next time.

 Will Cheyney I really wanted to take a photo of the wing, but couldn't see it from my seat. Next time I'm going to insist on getting a wing seat!Spectacular.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)I like the landscape in this great shot.excellentwow! Good job!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great shot, love the aerial lanscape you captured.  Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful!That is Soooo cuteHey Mr. Cool guy!!! Lovely shot, I have the same Rayban shades :)ha ha cutee! :DLike the way he is peeping over the top of them !He is just the most stylish little man. So cute.reminds me of jasmine stars image. very cuteWonderful ! A beautiful shot :)What a cool little guy :D Love this shot!To cool for school, beautiful shot Kylie, love the shades :-)this is so cool! 

The water marks down the front of his T-shirt make it funny too! :)Too cool for school indeed.  :)
How adorable can he get. Seriously.And cool shades they are!
Lookin good Liam!lol!!
love the tones and his adorable expression   xxOh he is just the sweetest little model!  Gorgeous processing.Really awesome work!wonderful &amp; so cute

nice work

well done =)Awesome Kylie! Those shades DEFINATELY work for him. Love it! That window behind him adds such a nice soft glow and texture. Wonderful!So adorable!perfect! love this shotlovely pose........nicely captured
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great picture! He looks like such a cool dude :-)LOVE it!Great portrait!He really looks like a rock star!  hihihi

cute one again!Watch out ladies!yep, that little dude is too cool... he's already figured out the power of those eyes, giving that look over the top of the shades... great capture...OH this is way too cool! He's adorable!wunderschönAnother wonderful photo of this gorgeous little man!beautiful! love the lighting!Oh my goodness ... my heart melts every time I see a new photo of your little man. Love how he's peeking over the top of the glasses and that coy little pose. Beautiful lighting here too!I just love this to pieces.  Great shot and beautiful treatment.om..cute, he looks like he is outa Top Gun!!!!lol, that is just too sweet!!Such a cute photo!

Ciao,
AndyPretty cool kid.
=)Congrats on Explore - this little face deserves to have a permanent spot in Explore! :)He is so full of cuteness how do you deal ::)) I love how he is standing that is so manly like , heehee.Awesome light and pose!  Love the way he is peeking over the glasses!Wow totally amazing :D 
so cute :) love the colors 
nice shot :)great glassesHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!:D cool man:)great shot!
congrats on Explore!Lovely pose !!
Great shot.

--
http://interes.tingness.com/ (?)Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.lovely portrait :)I don't know how I missed all these!!! I've been having problems with my contacts' recent uploads. 

Well, I'm glad to be here finally and visit my favorite boy on flickr. 

Muah!!fabulous!  He looks so awesome!Wonderful shot !!cute!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)haha :DThis is the coolest photo I've seen all day. Great work!gosh, he's cute!sooo cute!!hihi your boy is sooooo cooool:Damazing ..This is SO adorable.  Great shot!Sassy and cute!hah! Love it!!So cute.wonderful shot Kylie. The mesh works well as a soft background texture.That is such a great look He looks so cool in those shades!So cute, beautiful light.Linda luz e cores !!!love itHBW and HBTU, Lovely Mel!!great bokeh &amp; tone, pretty. (today your birthday wor, how to celebrate?)Beautiful bokeh Melinda !Super mel!!  Wonderful color, composition, and bokeh!!  Very pleasing!! ^^樹映同散景都好靚!!!!!!!!!!!!!so beautiful ........Beautifuuul!!!
Congrats...~Beautiful  capture  and light  Melinda  =)xxxsuperbebelissima imagem e luz, Melinda!
:D簡單的構圖,豐富的內涵.

襯下先.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ghostmonger/4344342005/]Lovely color so sharpLove the backlighting and the the bokehs Mel.excellente capture and great imagenice!another awesome ginkgo shot ;) 

Melinda, how about your Lunar New year, hope you , your family and your friends will have a very Happy New Year in 2010 :XStunning capture!I want Ginko Juok :)你的存貨真是無窮無盡啊~lovely bokeh!Nice lighting, bokeh and color tone. Especially like the color tone and lighting.You have a manner of photographing with so nice lightnice dof and bokehs!another nice photo.....GOOD JOBLove the bokehs and the backlights! excellent!Nice bokeh, such clarity!Lovely Capture!!! Beautiful Colors!!!Lovely..nice bokeh.beautiful leaves and bokehas usual.. awesome!nicekiller shot !lovely shot and DOF MelindaSuperb capture.Nicely done. Is this the same ginkgo that people take for memory?Pretty work.....nice light.splendid shot!散景美wow...such a lovely capture...beauty beautiful bokeh and lighting... HBW too....Beautiful bokeh...Love the yellow and light here..splendid bokeholicious! love the yellowFantastic my Dear Melinda... so beautiful and goldy colours..... Compliments &amp; ciao...RosycoolVery nice, love the light and can just imagine the dancing shadowsYou said C Fu taugh you to move to the left, right, up and down. And I add &quot; imagination &quot; i.e. a preview of what will come out in the photo. When you think of this in your mind, then you realize a distractive ugly brightness 穿崩 just right above the leaf, then you need to move yourself to the right to avoid it.beautiful bokehBeautiful subject and nice bokeh..awesome bokeh!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )You are a master at this type of shot Mel.......nice .....!!



..


Wonderful capture! 

Have a nice day!
fantastic details
great shotLovely!beautiful............beautiful!　like the beautiful dof, colors and nice compo, perfectly pic!Beautiful shot!Lovely shot, beautiful colours and DoF!wow on the bokeh!!!great light &amp; bokeh.. love the leaf's shape.. HBW..好通又好透.......Big bokeh!!Stunning light, stunning bokeh!marvellous bokeh and light, well done!beautiful golden ginkgo and bokeh
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great work.. congrats on Explore.. 

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)好“秋天”哦！ 喜欢其中的感觉. . . . . .   ; )Really awesome shot!Beautiful composition!!Beautiful HBW capture, Melinda. Take care.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty of Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful colors...I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow .. wonderful ..
i loved it =)spectacular work and bokehOne of the best Gingko shots for me!Lovely bokeh and color!Thanks friends!And thanks Fran for being so inspiring,so ethical and sweet.
Front page never makes me so happy as today.
THANKS!!!!!!!!!!
I am traveling today and not sure about the connection where I am going.
LoveLovely!!!!Gorgeous gallery, real talent.Ay Karina, que envidia me das!!ahhahah this is great !! i wish i looked like that when i read :)agree!!!Sexy reader, el link hacia el blog no funciona :P revisalo!!
A mi tambien me das envidia, yo me cague de frio haciendo la mia jajajaja :)
Me encanta trabajar contigo, me encanta este duo dinamico!I like the colour, composition and caption
Regardsperfecta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called L'amour pour le vintage, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Oh si.. yo también amo leer, es una de mis fuentes mas grandes de inspiración!! muy cálida esta imagen y relajada, super campestre.. me encanta!!
Ya voy a ver la de Frani.
&lt;3que buen lugar elegiste para leer, una delicia bucolica. esas fotos tuyas en el campo son una exquisitez y la edicion ya acaba de redondearlas. 
un beso!otra que me gusta !!!!! vaya tandem !!!!Es buenísima esta foto Karina, me encanta este proyecto vuestro, es muy profundo. Se te ve genial en tu lectura.bello, sexy, los colores son veraniegamente deliciosos................ es que no sé que mas decirles : Dfantastico!! vaya duo!otra vez un bellisimo paisaje argentino, y tus colores, tu creación, me encantan!oh how sweet, wish we could lay out in the grass like that already..i would freeze though :)Es preciosa Karina, dan ganas de tirarse ahí. Y hoy más, con esta lluvia y este frío... bbbbbrrrrrrrrrrq belleza!! me encanta!!! q linda idea tuvieron con Fran, Kary! las felicito, son 2 grossas, de las de verdad =)
los colores me matan... me dan ganas de salir corriendo de la oficina a tirarme al jardin a leer... ahysss
♥Me matas de la envidia...por leer por placer ( no para tu tesis) y por ese ambiente tan cálido, tan verde. Aquí no para de llover. Preciosa foto.that's too cruel to show us these lazy times in that beautiful green grass! think of us poor European, shivering in the snow ... :)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Preciosa foto Karina, sabes? Yo no puedo poner los pies en la grama como tu. Le tengo aversion, me imagino miles de hormigas subiendose :S Te ves preciosa, que idea mas linda.i could not love this more, karina!! stunningly gorgeous!!! &hearts;so stinkin cute!  i wish we had your warm weather :)Great scene and photographsPreciosa la escena!wow, this is so lovely~ beautiful light and color!Genial, divertida, nostalgica, hermosa!!!!!

ah! y sexy!buah! es buenísima...ya estoy viendo un nuevo Front Page!!! vaya colores!! quiero que sea verano aquí también!!!!!!!!so beautiful and charming:) very sexy in this case  :)
so wonderful full of sun capture !!!! absolutly beautiful reader !!!:)
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3Kari, esta foto es maravillosa!!
Linda, por donde la mires... cada detalle.. Nos tenes deslumbrados!!

♥Me encantó la foto!!! Super femeniina! :) Genial el blog tb! Felictaciones! =)So scenic, soothing and yes, sexy. ;) Love the open space and sun-filled sky!very nice composition and colors!lovely compo and nice signature tones again! awesome one!wonderful tones and texture... :)Karina, eres la bomba! me encanta todo lo que haces, ese sol.....this is beautiful!wow!! Excellent work! reading is great!amazing shot. An instant FaV!
great composition and beautifully colored.this photo is amazing!! love the colours and the message :)Bellisima foto! Me encanta Karina! Y como extraño los dias soleados y la grama verde!Reading is sexy!
Agreed ;)How cute is this??? Lovely shot and sexy legs!!! That looks so relaxing... I love napping outside in the grass, I don't think that is sexy though!! LOLKari que bella !!! es preciosa la foto !! vos, aunque no se te vea la cara, transmitis mucha alegria !!!Qué bonita! No me importaría estar ahí leyendo.Yes it is!! So lovely and warm.Me encanta! Que idea tan buena. Me encantan los tonos y la composicion de la foto.Me gusta todo lo que en la foto, amo el verde. El pose es genial.Qué contraste con la de Fran... la pobre con esa carita de frío y tu aquí tan sexy en pleno verano :-)
Favoritas las dos!
(me gusta mucho esta edición que le has hecho)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Karina esta genial!!!! Que linda tu pose, tu sombrero, los colores!!!!
Son un super duo!!!!
Las felicito chicas que buen deleite visual!!!!Que bella!!Very creative this composition.lindísima....
no consigo un sombrero así...quiero ♥Of course it is. Well it's not reading, it is you. Standing on chairs in sexy. Sitting on fences. Maybe even washing the dishes would be!Amazing composition ... so delightful - love the summery, care free attitude of the whole image! Lovely light joining you for an afternoon read!wooow &lt;3Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2651234...Ten cuidadín, no te duermas leyendo, que el sol es peligroso!!!!!

En tus fotos parece que vivieras en un lugar idiílico!!!Javi, ahora imagina mosquitos,moscas,araña,un sol sofocante a medio dia,ja ja...eso no se ve en las fotos.
Es un lugar que AMO, solo vengo los fines de semana.

Thanks everybody!Felicitaciones por ese FP : )FP?? Enhorabuenaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!Gracias Chiquis!!!!I love this shot!  I wish I could be doing this right now!Estupendamente sexy Kari!!!
Felicidades por el FP!!!Now I just feel like going outside with a book and neglecting work...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)nice perspective! lovelyFantastic collection, real faveshe leido por ahi que llego a FP, me alegro mucho enhorabuena!Súper sexy, Kariiiii!!! FP era lo menos que se merece esta belleza!!
Felicidades!!! =)Felicidades por el FP, querida Kari!!!!You have so many on Front Page now. All FP well deserved. Congrats and good luck for the next one ;)

You can view all your FP photos right here.lol, awesome.

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)This is beautiful, Karina! The tones, the comp, the theme...just perfect! A well deserved FP!Well it is when you're the one reading! :)genial!!I absolutely love this! And, your tones are so amazing!How wonderfullll))))It so is :)Jajajaja, This is Truee :]

This picture is really great, 

i love it !!Beelíssimaaaaaaaaaaa!!! Sexy!!! Veraniega!!! Inteligente!!! 
Hermosa Kari!!!Que bella esta ftoto TODO me encanta los colores lo que dice el escenario todo esta bellisima! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3great Karina, i love it a lotamazing photo!!!!
love it!Front page, Kari!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Felicitaciones!!! :D 
&lt;3So much fun and I love the vintage color!!!amo esta foto!i absolutely love this!love the colors and tones...and the title! haha :)Que colores más bonitos, ésta foto me transmite paz, relajación, fuera estrés. Quien estuviera ahí, sin nadie que te moleste....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent tones!perfecta, me gusta todo aqui, hasta el mensaje :) pero lo que mas el gorro. Felicidades por la foto, es estupenda de verdadwonderful!A m a z i n g !Excelente!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I, Me, Mine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow ! Great capture !!!
Amazing shot!

You are invited to display your image on
The Best Shot - post 1 / award 5Interesting and gorgeous vision
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great comp!!!!!!!!!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)greatHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is gorgeous!!
I'm an admin for Bright, Bold, and Beautiful and would love for you to add this to the group!
www.flickr.com/groups/bright/

to be featured on www.brightboldbeautiful.blogspot.com

Thanks!
LauraHeel mooi.

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us!Stunning light on this sleepy swan, gorgeous shot! :-)Hij is weer prachtig het zijn toch werkelijk mooie dieren die zwanen!Hello Mirthe, our daily wonder! I've a request: why not a black and white series?
Have a perfect day my friend, and if you want have a look on my last video: www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q16q2Wrb_fYprachtig zon licht op de zwaan.mooi licht op de zwaan...Ook deze is weer erg mooi.
De details van het verendek zijn prachtig.


www.bramreinders.nl
www.flickr.com/photos/bramreindersWat een prachtig licht..........de tonen zijn ook heel mooi en de scherpte is perfect!Je hebt het weer gepresteerd. Prachtig vastgelegd en een mooie compositie.Wat een details, prachtig!Prachtig licht schijnt er op zijn hals !!Prachtig dat warme licht op de hals.sweet capture!Uitstekende foto...............mijn complimenten!!!

JanwillemWat een prachtig licht en mooie details!!
Jij ook bedankt voor je trouwe comments! :-)Deze is echt waanzinnig mooi..Wow, wat zijn je zwanen toch prachtig.

BEAUTIFUL SHOT!!!

YOU ARE INVITED TO DISPLAY YOUR IMAGE



FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 Award 5 Mirthe, as always the picture is wonderful!Lekker tussen de warme veren. Zoals altijd een pracht shot Mirthe
groetjes DIetmutPrachtig zonlicht op de veren. Mooie zachte foto.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice!In mooi warm licht heb je deze zwaan getroffen.
De scherpte en de donkere achtergrond zijn perfect.Heel erg mooi!Fabulous

Seen in the fowlest group on Flickr!
Winged Water Wonders (Post 1 - Comment 1)
www.flickr.com/groups/wingedwaterwonders/Prachtig Mirthe... wat zit hij daar mooi in de zon!!Wonderful light!Beautiful capture!! Excellent lighting and contrast with the dark background! Love it!Hele zachte foto...prachtige zwaan in het zonlicht.

Gezien in De DokaLovely ^^  beautiful lighting!Prachtig licht op deze statige vogel!!I find this to be romantic in some unusual way. Perfect.Beautifully done photograph! I love the golden light on him!Gorgeous coloured light brings such warmth to the composition.lekkere details in de veredeken. Mooi zonnetje op zijn koppie!prachtige crop MirtheBeautiful pose. Your swans are fabulous!Indrukwekkend mooi, wat een mooi licht op zijn veren, welke prachtige details hebben, en wat een mooie lichaamshouding van dit nobele dierPrachtig licht heb je daar !Mooie foto Mirthe !Wow !!
Schitterend licht !!
Mooie opnamen !!WonderfulOch, wat pràchtig, Mirthe ....  :-O !!Oh Mirthe, what a beautiful swan dream i will have now. Thank you!
I SAW THIS IN:


Shadow &amp; Light Great light.Prachtig beest!Gefeliciteerd met explore!Wow!  beautiful soft light :)Prachtige foto!Alleen jammer van de afgesneden hals,vind ik.:-)Lovely capture :)

Please join White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.
We'd love to have this added to the group :)Really great capture.Gorgeous shot... Thanks for posting it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)The lighting is wonderful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?) 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lvoely focus, lovely tones :)They don't make 'em like they used to Michelle......I had to go around a dozen stores before I found them in the local shop!!! ;0}
Love how you have presented this!!!mmm
Wonderful composition and lightSo pretty !!
Great focus !!Wonderful tones, really sweet.Awesome macro Michelle!Very pretty pastels.  I agree with you, I had to really search to find some with decent print.  What's the deal with that?  Seems like in the past they were all easy to read.perfectly captured little hearts, lovely valentines image :)awww...this is so sweet and I love the soft focus and lighting.
So perfect for Valentine's week.How lovely! :) Beautiful dof and colos :)Perfect holiday spirit!Never did like them...so did not ever pay much attention to them....I suppose like everything though that is the way it goes.  We do miss you though!  I have been soo busy myself..that I really should not be posting because I don't ever make it around..:-(Awww - I love this! The focus is fantastic! And, the tones are so soft and pretty!Cute shot! :)What a stunner this one Michelle - perfect focus on the candy - sweet shot! :)This is just too sweet! :-) Love the soft pink tones. Well, I totally get what you mean...it's so hard to get around to everyone these days. Have a wonderful (yet busy) week Michelle!Awesome shot, love the color &amp; bokeh ,';0]...beautiful hearts, just so sweet with beautiful bokehA pastel sweet dream--very creative, very beautiful, and very much in season!Brilliant DoF, compo and warm light! Sweet shot! :)so pretty!!!Excellent! Lovely processing.Very pretty!lovely!Ohhhh... this is so dreamy... love the soft colors.so lovely and I know exactly what you mean about the quality of the hearts they are slacking ::)) This is awesome though.Lovely tones and bokeh!Haha!! Ya... no they are not making them the way they use too.. Mine were so smudged up.. they might as well not put any text on them at all!! Thanks for you comment... 

This is beautiful!!!funny, i did that tonight!!

i looked through a whole bag for good ones and they were hard to come by! i thought the same thing..
is it just me?? hahah

this is beautiful!!! :)These are so sweet (in more ways than one, lol!)

Love the dof!sweet lovePerfect focus with bokeh bonus!!!Beautiful shot!Love your creativity.Such lovely pastels!  Wonderful capture!Sweet soft pastels and light!Beautiful image!Yup...I think they are cutting costs just like everything else being poorly made these days! Love this shot, beautiful soft focus and light! Hope you are having a wonderful morning!  m-Back to say: Congrats on a well-deserved Explore! :)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is an awesome lovely festive fun shot!!
I haven't opened mine yet...
But will..
OH..and congrats on Explore!!
Very fitting!!I completely agree!!  They are not the same anymore...
Just like everything really.  They get us addicted and hooked to something awesome and then they change it!!  Gawd...  so irritating!This is truly stunning. Beautifully composed. I love the processing as well. 

Seen on Explore.sooo pretty :)They are totally not the same. I had the same problem, trying to find one that you could actually read.

This is so beautiful! I love the softness and the hint of sparkle provided by the quartz...so pretty!!!so lovely-- 
congrats onExploreSo beautiful!awesome!! beautifulLovely!!!!!Ha! Great idea!Really cool idea!!! Fantastic shots!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010lol, very cleverNice one!cool photo.i think you should distribute it to be used by the police checking safe drink limits;-) great idea and inspiration. L!Lol, very good.both fab shots, love the blur oneawesome... did you find it in the end?waaaaah! fab dippy! love the processingFantastic!Great shot!!dude! Where's my bokeh?Brilliant dippy, very clever idea.very cool!Hahaha cool idea! * gets himself another pint  *Gorgeous diptych.What a great idea.  Actually the view on the right is me sans contact lenses or glasses, so imagine what it's like after a few!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)What a cool idea!  Fab shots!Woo, funky!Darn. I have to give up driving then.very nicebrilliantWow, that is an awesome shot and perspective.

Thanks for playing on my TRP day!amazing capture

Congrats you deserve more Fav from Fav Lovers 
From Fav Lovers : post 1 and Fav 3 Group Willow is gorgeous!!! Love the color transition in silver spoos.She has amazing hair!!!!!! I LOVE it!!!!!!!!Lovely!
Hair-Tastic cats and dogs!

Your pet has been stamped!
Stamp 2 photos per post.Esta preciosidad ha sido vista en:

El rey de mi casa
www.flickr.com/groups/whilly/Very pretty girl!Willow you are one beautiful girlWillow is Fabulous!Stunning hair! and love this glowing snout.
FAVA beauty!Wow! She is sooooo beautiful!What a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Gorgeous- her color is fantastic- her hair is to die for! Congrats on Explore!*sigh*Very pretty.Lovely!
Hair-Tastic cats and dogs!

Your pet has been stamped!
Stamp 2 photos per post.fabulous Willow-- lovely
congrats on Exploreoh crei que era un oso, pero es bello :DHair-Tastic cats and dogs!

Your pet has been stamped!
Stamp 2 photos per post.Very sweet!Very fashionable!  :-)

--
Seen in the group&quot;I LOVE MY POODLE! ADD 5  GIVE  REWARD OR INVITE TO PLAY, PLEASE?&quot; (?)e x c e l l e n t .

great workFabulous!I love this!!
Amazing composition and great choice of b&amp;wi adore this focus.
and the black and whites.
and the composition.

this is really good.woow this is lovely.ooh this is really great. :)loveeeeeethe light &lt;3really intersting shotwhoa.this is like perfect.incredible.wow the grain is perfect.brilliant, love the texture of the window.:)this is perfectYou look like the singer ben kweller. You should look him up.stunning conceptfor gods sake stop filling up my favourites.o.m.g.MasterpieceHi, I'm an admin for a group called A Cloudy Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ooh
quite fabulously wildbellissima composizione...Super dramtic !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Mighty!Wow. This is crazy cool!Amazing!!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This is really incredible! Such great light and details!Very nice shot! Incredible and dramatic view.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing shot, well captured.wow! que detalle!Tremenda Luigis!!A la marosca!!!!! Buenisimaamazing detail.. cool shot!Super smoke, awesome contrast and really beautiful.IMPRESSIVE SHOT!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Impressive details!Grosa luigi, parece mitologica...really stunning!!!Talk about an eye-catcher! Gorgeous!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great detail

Seen in: Real Magic amazing view!!


Seen in: Real Magic Wow... just... wow.This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeSo beautiful work my dear ....That is a great title and very apt. I suppose you had to be quick to capture this otherwise the reindeer would have grazed it away. That, I presume, is not new growth but very tenacious old growth from last summer? You have such a poet's eyelovely minimalist observation, j!Rise against the Snow
He will melt the snow 
And not so brave 
friends will rise too
PS Great capturewow well seen and taken!Beautiful!


[ via FotoItz's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Vackert! Konstigt att så spröda grässtrån orkar stå emot så mycket kyla och snö. Därmed passande titel -som vanligt!Fin tittel til et supert bilde !  :)Utmärkt komposition och mycket välexponerad snö. Gillar skärpedjupet och det varma ljuset dessutom. Bra jobbat!Good on this plant for sticking it out!  Literally!! Ha haI love the composition here and the detail in the snow. The colour gradient from top to bottom's really nice as an extra warming touch and some more interest. A beautiful scene, for all its simplicity :-)beautiful, the grass seems very delicate yet able to withstand the harsh winter weather.  The subtle pink light is great too :)I like the tones here.nicely captured , great captionwonderful eye and thought here!
Kudos!
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

Lovely pinky light on the snow and its texture, wow!Lovely!Very nice, well captured.Absolutely beautiful shot!!!!  Great composition!Väldigt fint ljus - and snön försvinner ur fokus väldigt fint.I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.delicate zinnia - gorgeous green...wonderful curved petals...lovely imagePerfect!!!
 Where Flowers &amp; Friends - Flourish! 

 Mama's Bloomers
Post 1, Comment 2
You are invited to post your image. &quot;INVITED photos only!&quot; Wonderful shot ! lovely !Wow!  thrust into the middle of a sea of green petals--beautiful!Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Hereperfect.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.This flower colour always makes me drool! So you know if it is 'Green Envy'?
I love the many folds of the petals!Ooh I can't wait (I sound like a broken record;-) Zinnias are such happy flowers!adorablie verde!

Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo HereSeen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo HereGreat petals shapes, gorgeous colors!, Beautiful delicate macro with unusual tones!

Cheers! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Awesome!Love that green - it promises spring!  Beautiful light.Beautiful layers. Such a great cheery color.such soothing colors...wow.. what a shot! :)Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬This beautiful flower seen in : 
 
&quot;Flickrs Awesome Blossoms&quot;
Post 1 Award 3
Please TAG your photo &quot;Awesome Blossoms&quot;.
Don't forget, If you receive 4 Awards from this group
 Post Here
 If you receive 5+ Awards from this group
 Post HereBeautiful shot! Love the light and crop!!All those layers of petals are really beautiful.  Wonderful photo, Larri...nice bit of color on this very dull day in Toronto.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This beautiful flower seen in :

&quot;Flickrs Awesome Blossoms&quot;
Post 1 Award 3
Please TAG your photo &quot;Awesome Blossoms&quot;.
Don't forget, If you receive 4 Awards from this group
 Post Here
 If you receive 5+ Awards from this group
 Post HereBeautiful.  :)  Lovely colors and details.Gorgeous soft green, and beautiful light!!Ah, so summery and delightful!  Uplifting - keep 'um coming gal!  LOVE that color!Such lovely soft layers.So summery feeling...a lovely image!Wow! Incredible green. I love your POV!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )****************Very beautiful !****************
.........C|h|ú|c|m|ừ|n|g|n|ă|m|m|ớ|i !  .........
T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !Wow, amazing green! Great macro!Really amazing color!Beautifully layered curves and vibrant color!  A wonderful macro shot it is!wonderful !!!
beautiful greenCongratulations for Explore!Nice close-up =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Fantastic shot - I could see this blown up, hanging on a gallery wall.  Really gorgeous light and color.Wow, stunning image :)Such a gorgeous zinnia!  Congrats on a well-deserved Explore! :)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Awesome image, my friend
Excellent work!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Lovely capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called high quality nature, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

a beauty!so beautiful- lovely
congrats on Explorebeautiful tones and texture.. I especially like the iridescence in the glass candle.. nicely done, my friend!wow, what a beautiful capture.perfect capture of pacific blue - just came to browse the photos to see if anyone had got what i thought was a difficult blue to capture and there it is!!! and a great image as wellgreat capture. the texture works really great here. love the smoke.very beautiful!Wow!  This is incredible!i literally just sat here and said, &quot;ooooooo....&quot;.
so, that's my comment on this! love it.I LOVE This picture!! The color is so peaceful and beautiful and the image is so lovely!! Well done!Love the conceptBeautiful composition, Noelle! I love it!Wow, many thanks to everyone for all the positive feedback on this one ~ certainly wasn't expecting this many comments on what was basically a thrown together shot on my way out this morning...flickr people are the best! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Warm Cool Contrasts, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group!!sure is wonderfully done..i must go see those colors...love the texture heregorgeous dreamy blue, and love how you caught the smoke rising!Beautiful!Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Love how the competition brings out the creativity.This is a really great shot!  And I love that blue too ;-)
Congrats on ExploreNice shot!Gorgeous.  I love how you can see the smoke.  The colours are so pretty.nice shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love, love this!Beautiful color tones!A great frame..!!! NamNice tones and awesome lines and shadows.Awesome...! Nam  ; )nice bnw
:-)wonderful exploration of interior geometries &amp;&amp; lighting, beautiful work!Hey !!!  David..You are here...!!! Cool....Thank you..!smart title! :D!_!!&gt; ...//;-)fantastic!!!airport?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Super !!!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shadow of a Doubt, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so beautiful
from the number one fan of you and the number one fan of airport shotsGreat one!A stunning building well studied in this image!

-----------------------------------------
This sure is Monochrome Art!
I found your excellent work in:

Monochrome Forms in Visual Arts *Quality Images Only*

The start of visual technology: the monochrome!
Remember 1 post 2 comments

If you received 3 or more monochrome awards
post it here please! (batch2) 
--------------------------------------Haha, like your title... I + II and &gt; haha. Interesting.nice!! : )
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37531245@N08/4258480100/sizes/s/]

This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! graphic ... excellent
seen in:
 
Please comment your neighboors in our pool!
post 1 – award 2 - tag &quot;MonochromeAward&quot; 
 Monochrome Photo Display VideoGreat !like it...Superb.Excellent....Wonderful framing!great title and nice perspective too.nice framing..wonderful composed nam - perfect toneslike the architecture , good shot !Great composition strong black and white!nice tones, sweet frame!
I enjoyed this photo in Chasing Shadows.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called authentic photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thank you very much to all....wonderful light&amp;shadow play.. great lines.
brava, Nam.seen in:
 
Please comment your neighboors in our pool!
post 1 – award 2 - tag &quot;MonochromeAward&quot;
 Monochrome Photo Display Video

Well done Nam!!Hipnotyc light...intereasting compo.shadows tones,shines...Excellenta great framing
a excellent lightExcellent composition and great mood !

seen in:
 
Please comment your neighboors in our pool!
post 1 – award 2 - tag 'MonochromeAward' 
 Monochrome Photo Display VideoA nice photo =) Like it !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I like this shot very much, each and every detail... the lines, the light, shadows, yes, each detail!☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆* PERFECT *☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
Congratulations it was seen in the group :
**BLACK AND WHITE ** Post 2 + Comment 5!!! !!!


If you receive 5+ Awards: Post your Photo HereLovely composition Nam! Love the light!!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Awesome! Congrats!Lovely composition - you seem to be travelling all the time Nam!nice light and shadow playTruly magnificent composition, fantastic black and white my friend. Like it quite a bit!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Thanks to all...i love this point of viewe x c e l l e n t .

great workSpectacular
And definitelyyou are my life, do a 365 please:)oh my i love thisyes a 365 would be lovely! :D I'd do it but I would never stick to it..lol. (:
If you made a new account for a 365 wouldn't you have to pay for it, though cause you can only upload 200 pictures to a not pro account?lovely picture!
well, a 365 seems to be too much responsability to me! it's a lot of compromising... 
maybe you could do whatever you feel like it with it! post self-portraits when you feel like it, random stuff, anything important in that specific day - so you can remember it somehow later!if you really want to, go for it!
you should check out yuli's 365 (http://flickr.com/photos/yulibow)!
her 365 is probably the most creative i've seen!oh my GOD365's are hard to keep up with...
and if you are a perfectionist like me, it kills when you don't have time to commit to a good picture.
Also, I have seen so many photographers I love/good photographers slip into a contentment with pictures that 'work for them'...
Meaning they are great pictures, but they all look the same. D:
Do what you will, but to me photography should be enjoyed and 365's just turn it into something else you have to do...
BUT! That is totally just me...i love your fingers in this photo and the last one. and yes. you should try a 365 at least.P.S. You could do one of those once a week things?I love love the tones of the wall. This is stunning. Instant favorite.please please please
do a 365yes, that is all i can sayExcellent ! Definitely !!!i think you should go for it. :)I'd love it if you did one! your photos are absolutely amazing, some of my favorites on flickr, I'd love to see more :)do it do it do it!i did the 365 to challenge myself in a way but also for a reason get my camera out everyday. somedays i just dont feel up to it... but yeah, i think i have grown alot more than i expected to this year. i wanted to challenge myself with capturing my emotions at times, i wanted to appreciate the way that i look alittle more... i wanted to push myself to FIND an adventure as many days as i could... and i wanted to record a year of my life just for myself. i think its been great, and if you want to do it you should... but yeah, def cater it to you. at first i was willing to do shots of anything for one year but then i thought that i would prolly be the only &quot;constant&quot; in my life... like every single day the only thing that i KNEW would be there would be me, so there was my answer. good luck choosing! i know you'll love and you'll hate it... haha... its kinda like that sometimes, but its too much fun once you start thinking harder about it :)I would love to follow a 365 by you. Your work is so beautiful :) 

as is this, I absolutely love your hand positioning.i think you should do a Sunday Nite 52. that way if you have other stuff during the week u can still post them, and the Sunday Nite 52 could be your favorite pic of the week and every one would DEFINATELY be able to look forward to seeing at least something from you on sunday nite . Back before i knew you I would always check Sunday nite and always looked forward to seeing if you had posted anything new. And you usually always did! 

Plus you're too busy to keep up with a 365! :DI think a lot of people do 365s to challenge themselves to think outside the box and grow.  So if there is something you've particularly wanted to work on, like taking pics of other people or non-people, then I think it's a great idea!  It's all about what will challenge and benefit you personally. =]and i also think you should do 2 sets of 52. one SP and one NON-SP.You never cease to amaze me!


*If any of you have time, PLEASE check out my pictures! It will be greatly appriciated! Thanks!*yeah, i'd really like to start taking pictures of people more, but as lame as it is, sometimes i go days without speaking to anyone except my boyfriend, so that probably wouldn't work. but it is one of my goals this year to take pictures of other people more.. i just have to get to know other people first, haha.

and dang, yeah, i didn't think about having to pay for another account to post 365 pictures. good point! though, i could make another new account when i ran out of room..

thankyou everyone for your opinions/suggestions!I agree with Ruthfitz completely, that was exactly while I stopped doing a 365. I started to take pictures just to post on flickr, and that kind of defeats the purpose, doesn't it? For me, personally, if I'm only taking picture because I feel obligated to, I'd rather not take any at all. Photography is pointless if your not doing it because you love/enjoy it.

You just have to ask yourself who it is you're really taking pictures for.the tones are outstanding really

do the 365! :DFUCK YES.
sorry right now for the semi insightful bit
I think any 365 you producs would crunch you. I started mine because I was so scared of doing self portraits, but you have definitely mastered that so...
as a suggestion if you read this whole verbose paragraph: maybe do it as like a diary. as in still posting to flickr, but each picture telling a story, telling something about your day. it could be of you, it could be of someone else or it could be of yogurt if thats all you ate all day :] who knows. I think the more freedom you have on a project like this the more you will enjoy it day to day.
When I look back on my first month I feel so proud and accomplished, having one photo a day makes me feel pretty great.
you could always just spam us, I don't mind :]
orrr post random nothings on a seperate flickr?
oh goodness this is a short novel.
By the way, I love this photo. a lot, as usual :]
the 2 52 weeks project seems kinda fun. maybe a 365 of portraits (self or others) and a 52 weeks of non portraits?I think 365projects tend to be pretty lame but then again i'm kind of a bitch so. yeah.

If anything, I'd like to see you do a 52. One picture for each week. But instead of your usual carefree way of taking shots do something more complicated that takes time to set up and has a specific message you want to convey.

/my 2centsThis is my third year doing a 365 and I love it =]
I don't do just self portraits though. I do a combination of everything.
It's really fun at the end of the year to look back at all the pictures.
You see the seasons change and cool stuff like that :)
You should do it =]i love the light!
this is fabulous
365=YESThis is so wonderful.i'm not a fan of flickr 365.  mainly because i like my freedom too much and i don't need an assignment to motivate me to post cool photos. in fact, i think the pressure might force me to post some not very interesting AT ALL pix.  i've seen A LOT of the aforementioned.  i would never want to be forced to take pictures.  i don't think taking pictures of oneself everyday is interesting at all.  what about the rest of the world?  people, plants, animals, etc.my god pleaassssse do it :)i would love a 365, i pretty much get excited when you post anything haha &lt;3I'm not a fan of the whole 365 day concept, but I'm all for finding new challenges, so yeah...i don't think you should make one..not that i don't like seeing your pictures everyday but your pictures have so much more purpose to them and meaning and idk..they are just incredible in general,and give me so much inspiration and thought. I just love looking at them. It seems like it would burden you if you had to do one though. but it could be a good challenge..i mean 365 project isn't that hard and everyone does it. Mine isn't a 365 project..mine is a 3 years, seeing how i progress,change, learn and grow as a person project. you could do something like that. There are many things you could do. your creative though:D i'm sure you'd come up with something. good luck.
this shot is stunning as always. love the way your hands are placeddo it!it's hard and challenging. I'm on it. I do lag sometimes but i try to keep my focused not to give up because i want to see how i might grow and develop my photography. You should try it. Don't give so much pressure on the theme. The point is your developing as a photographer and in the long run, you might even discover new things and styles.ummmm

amazing?
yes.personally I'm not that impressed by 365... I think maybe it's a great exercise in practicing with the camera, but honestly I would rather see 1 good shot from a person than 5 that were pumped out in an attempt to take 1 good picture a day.

But I would definitely love to see you try to take non-self-portraits! I ADORE your self-portraits and I'm not tired of them at all - it's just I find yours so lovely that I would love to see what you could do with other subjects. Or maybe you could continue doing self-portraits, but challenge yourself in a different way, like taking pictures of only one bodypart at a time or... I don't know, I'm terrible at coming up with these things. Maybe you could do a series, kind of like you do abandoned settings... but with a different motif, like you + food? 

Hahah my ideas are so terrible and spontaneous but I hope I am getting the gist across... I think in the end, challenging yourself is the important part, not the 365-photos! :)

&lt;3 your pictures as always!ah you should definitely do something like that :D 
idk why 365s have to be themed though, couldn't you just post one picture from that day that you liked, regardless of whether it was a self portrait or not?
it would be wonderful to see a new cari picture every day! :)I'm doing a 365, but there isn't really a theme. Most of mine are self portraits, unless I'm taking pictures of other people or my animals/objects when I don't feel like taking pictures of myself.
Even though sometimes it's a huge pain, I think it's going to pay off cause it makes me pick up the camera every day instead of being lazy and putting off and eventually forgetting ideas. Also, I noticed the 365 has made so many people improve so much over that period of time.

And I would personally LOVE it if you bombarded flickr with your breathtaking photos! ;)my impression of 365 is to force photographers to push themselves in their own way, by taking a photo a day.
you already take stacks of photos, so you dont need help there, but do you feel pushed and stretched to your artistic limits? Or is there space to grow?
and will 365  encourage this growth or stifle it?

just food for thought... i dont know the answer :)I say don't do it. As much as I'd like to see a new pic every day because I like your work, it just gets to methodical and boring sometimes (not your work at all, just the 365 thing in general, it forces people to take pictures just to &quot;fill in the day&quot; rather than because it's actually good).what about doing a 52 project. so you only have to do one each week and that way you wont feel like you are stretching it out and you can come up with any type of idea each week. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE V▲C▲NT FEVER COLLECTIVE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Maybe you should do a 365 project with NO self portraits at all! Make it a point never to show yourself in the image, but what you see in the world:)This photo is gorgeous.
I love the pose of your hands. (:

At first, I thought doing a 365 would be great as your work is amazing,
but thespark17 is right that they do tend to get a little boring as people are taking photos to fill in the days requirements.
Although you could do a 52 project as it's only one a week and that way you won't be so pressured to get something done and just rush it.
Goodluck with whatever you choose (:I tried for a while to do a photo blog on tumbler.  My photos didn't always related but I wrote every time about how I felt about the photo.  It was a lot of just things I liked and didn't like.  What inspired me. Anything.  It felt really good to sit back and think about my pictures.YES.no don't do it....hehe of course u should do it ...anything you do is wonderful and inspirational:o)U r cute : )Do a 365 please :]

I started one not too long ago.
I love your work probably the most when it comes to self portraits so you would be a good inspiration to us all &lt;3365 days breakfast. 365 days along with breakfast table can photograph yourself.Do you have a deviantart acct? You could post them there/i really like the stuff you write alongside your photos on your blog - maybe you could do more writing!Yes, you should definently do, your portraits are amazing.I could imagine that you take at least one picture per week anyway. so a 52 weeks - project could maybe not really push your limits or so. 
and I don't know if a 365 project would, because you are already very comfortable with your camera (I suppose) and you know how it works and you know how to take a picture, so what would a 365 project teach you?  
But you could do a non - self - portrait 365, which means you can take pictures of everything you want to and from time to time you could still do a self portrait. 
You could also do a one-object-365, which means you could take a picture of a certain tree or a certain house from the same angle and perspective every day. That would rather be just for the sake of document something, not really to make you gwor as a photographer. 
I mean, your pictures are really great, but humans never stop to grow and get better, and so I won't tell you &quot;you're already good enough!!&quot; or something like that, because you are brilliant, but you can alays improve. 
Maybe think about what do you want to enhance about your photography? Is it more a &quot;technical&quot; or so thing, for example you want to use light better, or is it more like you want to make your pictures more personal, or what? Think about it. And then you could maybe invent a project for yourself or decide if doing a 365 helps you or not. 
Good luck =)This is great.DO it :)
seriously
but don't push yourslf too hard :) haha
thats the one bit of advice i can give you
Its rewarding- you get to look back at the year that's been and see how you've changed/ stayed the sameCari I would love to see you do a 365.  The way in which I challenged myself was to try and not have too many pictures in the same style, always trying to think up something new.

I think you could do a 365 which is not all people and not non-people either, just do one where you do a reasonable amount of self portraits but challenge yourself to shoot others, and do at least one non-people shot a week.  I seem to remember you saying somewhere that you're not that comfortable shooting others - well maybe try more of that?  

And perhaps do it on a particular 365 account, not that it would matter that much as I think everyone including myself loves to see your stuff, however much there is!It could be a really good idea! 
I thought about doing on myself, but sometimes I struggle with ideas &amp; get in a slump a lot so I decided on doing a 52 thing instead, where instead of daily, it's weekly.
If you do a 365 an exclusive page would be a good idea :)first, very creative photo here - love your fingers, and the window.

second, 365 projects may be a journey for some who are completely devoted to it, but simply too burdensome for those that are not. it may lead to poor quality at times which would further discourage. with school, you may not be committed. instead, explore an aspect of life in a way much deeper than before, say &quot;human expression&quot;.  capture the moods of your friends as they express them.very nice image! nice tones and lightIs there a rule that states a 365 needs a theme?  (That's an honest question, I don't know anything about it.)  Why not do a &quot;Whatever Floats My Boat Today&quot; theme?you could do the 365 thing with portraits of other people? people &amp; animals? but not yourself, since you want to challenge yourself. and another flickr for it might be a cool idea so you won't mix the 365 photos with the others you take &amp; want to post.first off, thankyou everyone! this really helps a lot even if i don't know what i want to do yet.

some thoughts i had while reading through these:

i don't eat breakfast a lot of days!

i hate deviantart, ha. the formatting of that website makes me so unhappy.

i also agree that taking pictures once a week (the 52 project) wouldn't really push me, because i do take pictures at least once a week, and i often upload a ton of things in a week. but --and i don't remember who said this, sorry! --i agree it would be interesting to do a 52 thing and really have a strong concept behind each shoot, which would be different than the way i take pictures now, because i don't plan much. though i'm not sure about my abilities to conceptualize. it would be good to work on, but i'm not sure how great i'd be at articulating anything.

i definitely don't want to force myself and end up taking mediocre pictures every day, or pictures that look exactly the same. i see that with 365's a lot, too --even if the pictures are really fantastic, they all look basically the same.  i also agree with the person who said you can always improve upon things. even though i know my camera pretty well and how to take self-portraits pretty well, i imagine i could get better.  the documentation of a year interests me slightly, but i'm not very interested in photography as a documentary tool to begin with.

i like the idea of at least one non-person picture and at least one other-person picture a week. that's a super brilliant approach, thankyou!  it would force me to be more social at least, even if it might end up being a lot of pictures of brian.  and, as far as &quot;capturing the moods of my friends&quot; or something --that's great, but i swear to god, i don't hang out with people! haha. not enough to where i'd be able to photograph anyone consistently.

i think i'd definitely want another flickr/a tumblr or something to post these on for organizational purposes, and i could post outtakes/images unrelated to the project or something on this account.

still not sure if i'm going to do it. maybe i should wait until summer and do a &quot;__ days of summer&quot; project (though that would be like that movie i haven't seen, yeah?). though another goal of the project would be to push myself out of ruts that i get into a lot. so, after all that blathering, i still don't know! haha. i'm impressed with anyone who actually read all of what i just wrote.great poseI think you should study cinematography.First, this photo is beautiful.

Second, you are one of my biggest inspirations on flickr. I would love if you'd do a 365 project! You could do mini themes inside it (like one week b&amp;w, all red things, just arms &amp;hands, water related, etc. to keep the creativity flowing &amp;make it a little less boring &amp;managable)

I post 365 &amp;regular pictures on one flickr, I just divide them into sets &amp;lable them.

This project has really challanged me between school &amp;a boyfriend &amp;my friends &amp;family, but I like the push. It keeps me going, in a sence.

I think it will really help you grow &amp;discover more about yourself &amp;it's a great thing to try. Why not give it a shot? :]oh man i'm totally a sucker for themed things. i love that.Push yourself!
:D365 or not, this photo rocks.I have a crazy idea.... i think you should have a contest / drawing and pick 10 winners that get to send you a picture of there own and have you put your patented &quot;YY&quot; magic processing touch on it. and post it in a special folder on your site and send it back to them to post on there own page also. THEN i think you should offer your processing services to people that might want something like that. I know a lot of people have pictures they would love to have look like yours. 

YYELLOWBIRD Processing Service  - $5 each! 

Is this dumb?hahaha nah, i don't want to do that. my photoshop isn't all that --lots of people can do better. and it's not that difficult. plus, i don't want photoshop to be the apex of my photographic skills. it kindof makes me feel horrible that a lot of people see it that way. i kindof hope my pictures would still be good regardless of pretty colors in photoshop, but no, maybe not. :/PajaroAmarillo
I think you can create a new album and I think that is better the 52 project
About the topic....I have no idea, but I hope to go to Chicago some day and I would love to be in one of your 52 pics

mmmm, maybe you  can take pics about how you see the world throught yourself or how you think the people see it

KissesAH the expression here is fantastic... cool ! ))i think you should do one:)Take one item, a small item. Then to photograph it 365 different times. Each photo would have to have some difference from all other photos and still have an interest factor. That would be a challenge.yeah i agree with the person above. take a little cool item with you on all your adventures and photograph it there! it would be real cool, i think.Yeah, go for it! Just post them here along with your other photos.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I, Me, Mine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!If you're looking to challenge yourself and find that self-portraits are easy for you why don't you do a 365 of photos that aren't self-portraits? I love your photos, by the way.Terrific shot my friend
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Do exactly what you think you're capable of doing. Don't over-exert yourself if you've got too much on on certain days, like work or study. Maybe you could just aim to take a picture of anything every day? Including you, or your boyfriend, objects, anything. If you tried to make them all unairbrushed that would be pretty cool, might boost your self confidence after an entire year of doing it too. Of course airbrushing IS different to adding all your pretty lens flares, brokeh and stuff. I think that should always stay in your work, its just wonderful. I think you should just do exactly what you want. You don't even have to share all 365 of the images.oh! oh no i don't airbrush anything! haha, no, i just change the colors/sometimes add those light things.to revise and extend my remarks from before, I think doing more objects would be really neat. I'm a big fan of found subject photography, and I think you would bring a really interesting perspective to it.amazingi suggest you to do your 365 like a diary.
the best of your day or the worst or anything for you to look back and still remember everything on that day. well, i would do this if i'm going to do 365 project :) and you should take self portraits because you are so so good at it and it would be nice to see the changes of yourself in one year. 

:)oh woops sorry cari, i must have mis-read one of your other comments and thought you airbrushed a tiny bit. my mistake! well, that's even better, you already dont airbrush :)Cari your pictures are good with or without photoshop :)maybe you could add &quot;at least one picture that's not photoshopped per week&quot; to your &quot;goals&quot; =)Awesome shot. 365 is just a label. Will it really alter the work you already do that much? Or will it just act as a time constraint that is degrading to the work you already do?i dont think you need to do a 365 as i already love your uploads, but if you feel it would challenge you then go for it, i always love to seee your stuff and im sure everyone else does :)tambien muy bueno muy expresivo!!!magnificent  Polar bear , as in advertising about coca-cola!Excelente Nicolas, está preciosísimoLuv it especially the front claws!Ah this is a much nicer fold!  Good paper does make all the difference!Genial!!!!!!!!!!!Ah, you got the colour-changed lower jaw too- clever.Magnificent design and excellent photographed.awesome colorchange and a great PictureExcellent work, especially the color change:)This is the most detailed polar bear i have seen so far!.
The design of the face is stunning!The best I have EVER seen.Fine work, excellent photo!amazing design!!! The best polar bear design so far.Excellent!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called origami wildlife group, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wow! this is really amazing! very well done!WOW this polar bear is one of the best !!Gorgeous with lots of detail, nicely folded!This is amazing!  And the color change is great!Brilliant form and details!thank you guys!
to Jared: yeah! I told you ;)

thanks a lot!EL MEJOR OSO POLAR QUE HAYA VISTO, QUE TE DIGO...... COMO TODOS TUS DEMAS MODELOS.......de primera......Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paper and Card Make Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is wonderful!¡Asombroso!Excellent picThis is such  a briilliant frame.. Great projection..!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Amazing picture!Beauty..!Great treatment

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This beautiful B&amp;W seen in

B&amp;W The Art of Photography (P1 C1 If You Wish To)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great!!! i like this oneAwesome photo.so beautiful shot!Thank you :)bella e originaleMolto bello il gioco del riflesso...spirali ovunquee*

(il lato sinistro è meraviglioso!)adoro le spirali
bello scattobellissima

Vista su CANTIERIMMAGINE

Vista su CANTIERIMMAGINE Quelli che...commentano la tua foto 


 
 Visto su Quelli che... la macchinetta sempre appresso! grazie a tutti!Molto bella!Molto , molto bella!

Vista su CANTIERIMMAGINENice to see you - great portrait!wow! great DOF, amazing foregroundmolto carina :)


Vista su CANTIERIMMAGINEwonderful!This is great! No words! Great great great!!! :DWhat a wonderful gate!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Molto decorativa :)Splendido il gioco del ferro battuto..wonderdul shot!!bell'autoscatto.
Ciao

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Beautiful shot!..che bella



Vista su CANTIERIMMAGINE!!!ahh isnt it cold for water?!
lol
love this!amazing.
favehaha i live in Australia.
Its verrry hot herewow, very nice!Nice Shot.Your not a loner.
your just yourself and the people spitting spit balls at you are just intimidated by that.This is... amazing. I'm really drawn to the colors – the blues/teals work very well against the color of your shirt.

Sometimes it is good to rant, and let off a little steam. I'm sorry to hear that you're having a tough time these days. Not knowing you or your real life, all I can say is that you're definitely not a loner on Flickr and you're providing a lot of joy &amp; inspiration to those of us who follow your work.

Take care ok?one of my dear friends has CFS. i know it is quite--too--real.

--
Seen on a rss aggregator. (?)wowowww! 
awesome shot!isn't it freeezing??Thanks everyone :)
haha no- I live in Australia. It's summer here :)Utterly spectacular!!!!Awesome work.hey long time no see!
I love this series. Congrats on Explore! :)masterpieceeerie classic liquid beauty.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Surreal!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]wow ..Very good capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.waww exelenteshe looks happy in the rain.Love itlet it rain...¡¡¡¡

so good,,,,'''''
congratx,,,¡¡¡¡Every street photographer's dream: to capture that completely undiluted moment of simple joy.what a catch! the sharpness and processing is just perfect!Great shot!

--
Seen and admired in
 The Inspiring Photograph 

Seen and admired in
The Inspiring Photograph 
--
Seen in the group&quot;The Inspiring Photograph&quot; ( ?² )damn bro absolutely wonderful.....Awesome capture and tones!!!this.... is good.Brilliant capture Marc, as always!Impressive!!! like the expression.bellaGreat expression,well captured.Wonderful candid!! love it!! :-))Awesome !!thanks guys!!!!perfect shot
respectmasterful capture. great pairing with the doors.  I've never thought of doing people photography in the rain.  Thanks for the inspiration.Thanks for posting this photo to the group!
Seen and admired in
 The Inspiring Photograph 

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Inspiring Photograph&quot; (?)Great.lovely, such a faceOh wow!ah yesss!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome reflection. I really enjoy this image. The water is so calm. I also really enjoy the sky. Great capture I wouldn't change a thing.Gorgeous reflections indeed!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A Cloudy Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantasticos colores y reflejos.

Saludos.
Rikynice color!brilliant workvery nice reflection!Hello Nazar,
sorry for my absence..

Gorgeous capture as always indeed.
love it.awesome reflection nazar...you're making me want to take some more pics ;)Very nice mate. Love the comp.Great colours and composition. Good to see you got your mirror again.nice one

--
Seen in the group&quot;Pakistani Photographers' Association -3rd Eye: 2nd issue in Feb&quot; (?)awesome weather n reflectiongrrrrrrrrrrnate reflection ............... sundarvery cool color range!Beautiful shot....................... splendid reflection .Brilliant capture, the reflections look awesome, so are the colors !
WELL DONE !The is very beautiful.  Nice framing of the shot.Love this shot, insta fave :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  clique for friends and artists  ( invite only ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!so beautiful ....Fantastic sunset shot, very beautiful scene!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Superb composition and love the reflection. Beautiful colours!Really fantastic work.
Well done.Grandiose strikes mestunning capture!You are the HDR guru. love it.This sunset sky looks as if hand painted, lovely!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Stunning!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Merci pour votre visite...Thank you for visiting ...Gracias por visitar ...Σας ευχαριστούμε για την επίσκεψη ...Vielen Dank für Ihren Besuch ...Terima kasih telah mengunjungi ...Grazie per la visita ...訪問いただきありがとうございます...Obrigado por visitar ...Ziyaret ettiğiniz için teşekkür ederiz ...great timing.!! :)
3 birds and 5 legs :)Encore une belle brochette !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Je n'avais pas fait gaffe au coup des 5 pattes ! Bien vu !Quelle compo! Super trio à 5 pattes, comme le mouton...

Grand NB, comme d'ab venant de toi!

Cheers Michael! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Quelle bande de curieux ces oiseaux là, une belle chorégraphie (quoique celui du milieu c'est trompé il est sur une patte), belle photo ! (comme d'hab, quoi :)  )



Photo vue dans le groupe
Premiers pas
les jacasseuses ! :-)
ah ben oui, il a raison fred ... 5 pattes !!
très beau ton n&amp;b !!very cool again
wonderful Seagull.
beautiful light and shadow with nice composition.
very very beautiful colours and nice structure.
a greeting friend of mine.

{Zeelandia fencer group/熱蘭劍士團} 
本貼紙是最高榮譽/This label is the highest honor/
Esta etiqueta es el honor mas alto/Dieser Aufkleber ist die hochste EhreWell spotted, so funny !

EXPO : This train/Ce train  * INTERVIEW: marc do wonderful catch !Ah oui il manque une patte là ! Jolie compo :)what a great capture!!

Seen on FluidrFabulous!wonderful!j'aime beaucoup!!!!
EXPO : This train/Ce train  * INTERVIEW: marc do Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Image Gallery !!!, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Killer !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Divide 6 by 2, and it becomes three gulls in a row.cool shot !Ahahahahaha great every shot better than before!On peut être unijambiste quand même !!! Elles regardent un match de tennis ???I really like this one, Michael. The way they are all looking in the same direction. Your focus is spot on too!Excellent ! Quelle tribune !!!Et elles chantent aussi ???

Photo vue dans le groupe
Premiers pas
Superb shot Michael !!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe La Bretagne en noir et blanc, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

j'adore , le cadrage , les sujets trop top , le choix du N&amp;B , bravoooo !!!!!!!great angle my friend, loved the way u have framed it, super cool shotWhat a fantastic capture!  Love it!

Louie:) Cute seagulls on a row..great focus.lol nice shotJoli trioVery Very Beautiful &amp; lovelyAh, Ah, Ah
Les &quot;pingouins&quot; se rassemblent
pour le foot ?
Non, tout simplement des commères !Very cool capture! Excellent edition!very niceComme à la parade...pas facile même si ce sont des animaux dressés à prendre la pose! sympa en plus d'avoir embaucher une infirme! Quel fut le score du match de tennis qu'elles regardaient?un joli trio!!Tres jolie composition 
J'aime beaucoup le traitement de ton noir et blanc egalement
Bon travailTous dans la même direction :) 
Vu sur Interestingness, bravo!Larry, Curly, and Mo - nyuck nyuck nyuck - love this seagull series Michael - sharp composition here!Awesome shot !!!good one, michael!! : )) have agreat day!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Wow,et il sont photogénique,il prenne la pose ,du plus petit au plus grand,bien vue,et bravo!!!Trés belle prise!!Un joli coup d'œil, trois mouettes et cinq pattes, et le N&amp;B qui renforce cette photo, sûr qu'en couleur elle aurait été &quot; moins forte&quot;, l'arrière plan est flouté juste ce qu'il faut,et c'est très bien vu!Une très bonne photo de concours!Fantastic shot, my friend. 
Appreciate your sharing your work!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Good view. Excellent shot. Congrats.well takenBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe the power of three, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe The Neighborhood Ecologist, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !This is really good! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful capture mate.cool curves!!love the curves too Pat......the morning sun defines their geometry so well.....You sure do. Great shot
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great capture!This is totally amazing. I can't believe there is no guard rails on that bridge!!Really beautiful job, inspiring for me.
Congratulations.

You cover it very well with your nice picturesWow, That is a Beautiful Shot !Sweet!Superb!You mean people can walk along there without guard rails?
it makes me dizzy just looking at it.
Great shot Pat!!there are cleats with 4 holes each under the walkway. It looks to lead to a childrens playground. Also the wood doesn't appear to be weather treated yet. Definitely under construction to my eye.Great shot =) I like the colors and warm atmosphere (/light) !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )i see i need to get over to hoboken more, really nice looking park!WonderfulWonderful pic mi amigo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Gorgeous shot - love the curvesBeautiful vybe and placegorgeous! beautiful composition and amazing colourslooks a triple rainbowthe 3GS still takes surprisingly good shots... Mine gets me all the time.

but compared to that mark ii? yeah..... =)I actually had to take 3 photos with the 3GS and stitch them together - the thing was just too big.Amazing!  Yes, doesn't it suck when our dSLRs aren't with us when we see stuff like that?Beautiful.

I recently got the auto stitch app and forgot about it until just now. Sometimes I like playing with iPhone photo apps more than my DSLR... sometimes.Did you use the pano?That is a really beautiful shot.I tried to use Pano, but I'd already taken the shots, and Pano (for no good reason) doesn't let you use photos from your library. So I did it in Photoshop when I got home.Ahhh yes i forgot about that. It turned out great though! Kudos.The sky is so dark but the rainbow is so bright!That's an amazing capture....it never fails you don't have your real camera with you when something like this happens!  I started carrying my point and shoot with me 24/7 just incase :)Looks like an explosionThat sky is great ! love the colors =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Very cool!Thanks for the photo, I was in a meeting and missed the rainbow :(Phenomenal image! :)Really great capture.Hey Rob, 

I'm one of the guys who made Pano; I'm pretty psyched that you've bought/used it! You're one of my heroes.

Our philosophy behind Pano was simplicity over everything; we wanted to make an app that was an absolute no-brainer and that had a really smooth UI flow. We figured that power users who'd care about the stuff we left out would be better served by photoshop anyway (which has more robust tools to give you exactly the output you want), and we didn't want to sacrifice speed and cognitive load.

We've got an update coming soon with a revamped UI and an even faster workflow; I hope we're still on your phone till then!

Cheers, and fantastic shot as always.
EricCool, thanks for the info! I'll look forward to the update. It makes total sense, I just tend to be the type that always wants to take photos in the default camera app, then open up other apps to edit them, since many camera apps don't save the original photo and I like to have that untouched in case I want to do something different with it down the line. It's definitely a great app though, keep up the good work!I actually saw this yesterday, I was in Burbank at the time. It was stunning, I've never seen a complete rainbow before. From where I was, if I took photos of it with my iPhone then stitched them together, I would have needed to take at least 6 shots. Absolutely gorgeous. I love dramatically stormy skies.beautiful!!great image
this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *&#9733; Beautiful Shot &#9733;
 &quot;they're always after me lucky charms&quot;As it turns out, we're actually thinking of providing the option in an upcoming release to save the source images separately after merging, which would probably be good for you. Be on the lookout!u got an amazing pic :Dis amazing!!This is just beautiful.  Your photos make me relax!Beautiful simplicity! ;-))))Schön, klar und etwas ver-rückt!

Erinnert mich an:
www.flickr.com/photos/famihagstro/4110292246/Cool - i like the lighting &amp; the fact there is no light coming from the light....if you get what i mean :)

Seen in my contacts' photosweils unkonventionell und minimalistisch ist! stark.
hab  irgendwie das Bedürfnis an der Leuchte zu ziehen. Wie bei alten Lichtschaltern ;)supergut!!!Coole Leuchte ;) 

Nee..im Ernst. Schön minimalistisch. Gefällt mir gut.schön klar und minimalistisch, gefällt.Love it!Thank you all very much.

Vielen Dank allerseits.

wecand :-) Danke , schöne Assoziation.Awesome simplicty !So schön kann eine Leuchte sein :-)elle me plait!De très belles courbes... très classe !Seen in:
 Lines&amp;Curves another masterpiece. wonderfull compositionSeen in:
 Lines&amp;Curves Seen in:
 Lines&amp;Curves Ah la vache !!!!!! Les lignes, les reflets, la lumière, ralala quelle pureté dans cette photo, sans parler du cadrage... Tout y est !  ;-)) Y'a une sensation d'onctuosité, je ne sais pas trop expliquer mais bon on sent un brin de rondeur !!!! ça donne envie de la voir !Oh la série de fou, les détails de carrosserie sont super bien rendusSuperbes lignes avec des couleurs tout aussi superbes !!!

Seen in:
 Lines&amp;Curves Very interesting. Like it.très belle façon de photographier les auto, j'aime ces lignes :)Quel sens des lignes ! Epuré et simple mais terriblement efficace !excellentTes photos sont de véritables énigmes...plus fort que dans X-MEN, sublime, vraiment bouche bée...
de l'ART ici aussifabulous ;)elle est superbe ta série d'abstracts d'auto!!/ D I A G O N A L M E N T E \
-ma questa foto è storta! ! !-

Ho visto questa foto su /Diagonal-mente\, si si ... era proprio lei!
I've seen this amazing shot on /Diagonal-mente\... I'm sure, Here is the evidence!ça fuit à toute vitesse hors du cadre et ça nous entraine! très belle série!là, c'est tout simplement bleufant ! je susi fan !!!!
D'une douceur, d'une puretée incroyable.ouh la merci c'est trop gentil tout ça ^^
je me réveille après une grosse sieste pour cause de grosse rhino (tu vois fred j'ai vraiment pris froid lol) et je lis tout ça, je vois les favoris... merci beaucoup suis touché que ces griffes de jaguar vous plaisent ^^Il faut dire que c'est magnifique Hymnel! Une grande subtilité!Beautiful... definitely an eye-catcher.
Well Done!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful work.I saw this great diagonal shot in

Diagonal Love Affair!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Exploreeee bravo  ;-))Awesome B&amp;W capture, Mate!  Love the composition, mood and exposure here!  Cheers!great shot and perspective; love the compgreat looking bridge, lovely lines.. nice..

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Fantastic exposure!Love the B&amp;W in this. The contrast is awesome. Great photoGreat composition my friend.
Excellent exposure and B/W.
Nice shot.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Amazing shot! Very good post-production ;))wow - awesome shot! great composition, great B&amp;W!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautifully produced my friend, works so well in this square format :-)Gorgeous.Now this is a fine piece of art Gary. Brilliant :-)whoa - what an amazing abstract - nicely doneBeautiful.Nice compWonderful composition... I like the bridge situation and the background...Very nice B&amp;W.




Meet a PARAGON ARTIST - T I N A. Her skills and talents are magical!!
www.flickr.com/groups/the_paragon_gallery/discuss/7215762...But what a shot! Cracking composition and the B&amp;W conversion is full of mood.Joliiii ! Beautiful !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent composition and really nice contrast - like the sky fading to black...nice... especially the dark sky!!!A trademark B&amp;W shot for you mate, simple and stunningly effective! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)you are back to your comfort zone as far as I can see. anyway all of your Norway photos are superb!Excellent! 

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Marvelous composition and exposure on this.  Well done!

--
I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] &quot;. ( ?² )--
Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 




--
Seen in the group&quot;SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] &quot; ( ?² )Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

have to say, the fade to black at the top is great. Good composition with the bridge leading us in and mountains beyondGorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

Love this mate!Beautiful composition, wonderful in B&amp;W!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I Love It! (Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing light and colour!!!!!!!!!!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Very cool and great contrast - superb conversion and some great landscape!This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesome.Me encanta ese espacio en blanco y el detalle del bote de cristal.
Genial, Carmen!!!Ayy mi Isa…!!! que lio está Flickr.. no  está cargando las actualizaciones otra vez… tuve que entrar a tu stream luego de esperar un montón porque con la ida de luz el internet se puso leeeento…
Me encantó la tuya mi bella!!!!!!!!!
Besos!!!!haceis un tandem divino carmen!Que linda frase!!!!!
Que lindo duo hicieron hoy!!! Bueno, siempre... pero este tan colorido entre tanto frio, acaricia el alma!!!
Muy bella Carmen!! me encanto!
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )Genial!!!Me encantan estas de los lápices!!Felicidades Carmen!Carmen q hermosa!!! Me encanta lo q has escrito!!! 
Gracias por tu apoyo y tu cariño! TQM!this THIS is truly magnificent!
love your compositions!

and I too love the colors of the world! beautiful!Wow. Love the texture, composition and tones.beautiful dof, beautiful processing.. i want 50mm too!!El DOF es fantastico!
Y la textura que usaste tambien. =)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Muchas gracias chicos!!!!!!!!
Que alegría saber que les gusta!simply beautiful!Maravillosa!! Que trabajos tan bellos!! Felicidades!! =)THE depth of field ! magnifique !
amazing focusing and beautiful composition !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I love this and the texture is perfect to the image!sat sri akal dear 
^_^ Beautiful!  I love the colors and the focus! ^_^¡Mucho Exito! en este nuevo emprendimiento creativo..., esta muy bueno.C! que linda!!!!!!!
Yo colecciono colores, me encantan!!!!
La luz una maravilla apenas para tu trabajo
un abrazoThanks so much to all!!!!!!
Gracias a todos por comentar!!

@J.Gutiérrez: Juliana!!! en serio??? 
Mejor note digo que colecciono yo porque entonces ya no podré hacer el secreto #3 jajajajajajajaja…
Un besote y gracias por pasar!Nice caption and photo.lovely POV...I did one the other day similar...well seen~
--
Seen in some comments. (?)oh me gusta!!!lovely!Sencilla y bella !!!

No la vi, tampoco la de Isabel .... flickr me esta escondiendo mis contactos !!!!!Sencillez  y mucho encanto. Ayer yo también tuve problemas con muchos contactos :( parece que hoy todo sale a la luz otra vez!
Bella textura Carmen.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Texturiza *ME - February Contest: ARCHITECTURE | ARQUITECTURA, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Vintage &amp; Retro, and we'd love to have this added to the group!sencilla pero bella
me gustaNICE. :-)cuanta belleza sacas de algo tan sencillo, preciosaJugando muy bien con el enfoque.Me encanta!!! mucho mucho...me vot a ver la de IsaBuen trabajo, mi enhorabuenaLove it! Very nice work.qué bonita Carmen !! no sabía del proyecto con Isabel !! les deseo lo mejor !!Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities

preciosa la composición y la textura perfectamente aplicada
un saludo!great composition! I love your stream!ya5iiiii a7biii.Ch :@&lt;3ya lba elmodel bss
7yaaatiii aanaaaaaa ,mwaaaaaaa7 :** &lt;33 Niice

love u noodirwww3a ..

Fdetch Noodi ,~a7lla ya POLO
FavA7777777bch gd Aldnya :Pماشاء الله فديتجA7bbch&lt;33awesome♥♥!`~Adore youh &lt;3LOVEuansam7k 6ool al3mr ?(8)
a7bkm both:P&lt;3 FDiiiiiiiiT al model ana
yaaa lbaaaaa 8lbhm
a7bhoooom
love love u baby
Umaaaa7 ;***
FaVa7bsh ;p:$La.Martina '♥  :

Nooo ;P
roo7 wnsany 5la9 (8)(6) ;P7baiiiit &lt;33 love u 7yatii Rebanoo ;** Love youh My 3noody 

B3d chbbbbbbbbbbbbbdi walla
LOVE you ;**Love youya lba ilmodel bss &lt;3
7yati wallah had fun with youh :p
Rebano ; اهـواك وارسم للتعجـب علامـه :$
umwaa77 :$a7b u :*&lt;3Fdaitch:$
Lovely 7bebti.wow realy &lt;3 it amazing  =&quot;$ 3nOud-ti:*
GONNA MISS UR PRETTY FACE :&quot;&lt;/3 !! ..allah y7f'6iich
7beet alshoot :*Amazing ;)nice 7bebtiilove it:*Gonna Miss You'h &lt;//3
D*T3shiiG*A :$روعهya  lbaaaaa  almodel w lbaaa  polo  ana
raw3aa   walla
alla  e7f'9ch  
faaav  ljl  3yoonchBB&lt;3
fedaiiiit elly t7acheni mnh kl yum ;*Tjnn ;*Abd3ti:*mOut ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ favedYaa Raw3aaaaa entyy &lt;33333


FAV sureNICe♥Loved it =D
الله يحفـــظ المـــوديــل  انشاءالله
&lt;3 the BB 
Just keep it up HunCute x'Dnice shotatjnn !Nice Shot
Well done ,, ;)cute 7yati ... &lt;3 *ya lba elmodel bs :P
Luv u :*faved yarou7i ;*great shot!
congrats on Explore!Lovely :*&lt;&quot;3
&lt;3 it 
well Done..! Fav &lt;3 y 7yaaaaty ;$
a7777BiiiCh Mooot (Lllllllllll)

Faav (L) !Lbaaaaaa fnnnch yabint (L)آلله يحفظج ~ya lbaa almodel :** ;PpLbaaaaa AL,M&lt;3f.a.vlove it &lt;3

comment Plz ;$fditch ana :*fav  ♥♥♥رووعهfaaav 3ll 6oolNice


Love u &lt;3نآيسسس مررَهـ ياقلبي &quot;lbeeh ;*! , faved :&quot;faavNice*aww tjnn:*Amazin' , Faaav6r :*ya 3eni ;) 
7bet ilwords (y) 
love yew ;*adore u ;)ya lbbba 3noody ana 
Love youh ya bnnt :|a7laaaa ya POLO anta ;Pp

Keep It Up ~ ;D

For Sure Fave*
Amazing &lt;33
almodel &lt;3333FAV

ya a7laaa MODEL

&lt;3i like it 
you been exploredyessss, spring is back, ooooooooooh my ! superb catch my friendWow !!
.....and what did they think of you?!Nice Angle.
Great street capturewow, you are so courageous, admiring you so much that wags are not deal with..........haha :-)))Brimming with self-confidence...what a smug smile ;-)good street and good title:)Sexy!!!I wonder if John Terry has done anything to them! :-)they've definitely got the classVery apt!! super catch... wasnt going to metion JT but I see James already has!!! :-)She's looking at you ... she's happy to be photographed.yes a good one Ian you are out and about earlyYes, looks like, goal!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Perfect !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! nice.bellissima, ottimo doppio ritratto di stradaThey have gaudy excess written all over them, right down to that silly flower on the black dress girl. Another good one stryke.Money does not account for taste it seems. Great street candid and I love the admirer in the background. He must be bored because I wouldn't look twice at them personally.Great scene !!!! Funny how you give &quot;names&quot; to some categories of people... :=)))very nice, ian!I like this street take!!ooh err!!I get afraid of so much femininitybuena!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pure Street Photography (Black &amp; White only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

haha class street photography!wow ! :))Yup and I bet they are great customers of QVCbig wow :-))Nice work. How did you identify them though?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shoot the Street, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wags they are indeed :-)Just an educated guess Jeremy :-)I was just thinking the same thing... When I went to London I didn't see such people as we can see all over your photostream...

This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! the people are not too shy!!! ;)
I admire you, to do these photos, it is necessary be brave!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )he's checkin' them out checkin' you out, and we're checkin' it out!!!
thanks for this one!!a portrait of Englandthey do not have very  good taste those footballers'-)
great pic!oh !very nice!!!!!wow:))Outstanding shot, fantastic compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wonderful street photography ! :)hot wags! :)Really nice.Awesome photo.  The trees make it feel like you're in a tunnel.well saidI've told that to a number of people I've heard whining about the snow --- Pittsburgh is no Port-au-Prince...Nice shot sir.fantastic view!! I love the snowGr8 captured image~!~Love this one.  I, for one, like the snow (although my back is tired).  To me, there is something joyful about this photo.WOW ! Nice shot !Your picture is fantastic.  It truly does speak a thousand words.  You can almost hear the bent branches groaning under the frozen weight.  My first reaction was &quot;whoaaaaaa&quot;, my second was that this is destined to become an historical photograph.looks great.Great framing, this is an amazing capture.gorgeous capture - really stunning!Wow!

What an amazing coincidence!

www.flickr.com/photos/rosmo/4324929343/yeah...when i first saw your photo i thought it was mine!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardAmazingVery interesting shot.  What part of the Burgh was it taken?cool... =D
nice LE shot =)Looks great for handheld. Nicely done.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wondeful!nice shot!wonderland ... wonderful ...0.8 sec?  People there are skatng fast!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group![http://www.flickr.com/photos/clementqc/] haha yes they were!Big fav Melissa! This one is superb! So lively!

Seen on Fluidrwow nice motion shotthis is really one of ur most impressional shotsgreat shot, especialy for handheld. Lots of energy in here
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great place, I love ice skatingwow! Very impressive handheld shot! REally amazing Melissa! Great capture!Love this shot!  I have a really similar shot from pretty much the same POV!!  Love the motion blurgreat catch! luv the moods!Fabulous handheld LE shot - love the mood and tones here - awesome!I must compliment you on your very steady hand. I would not even attempt to hand hold at that shutter speed, nice job on this photo!awesome atmosphere, mel :)wahh!! super cool!nice motion blur. gd controlwonderful shot ...this is amazing, love the motion !so beautiful!!Brilliant composition Melissa. Great exposure and capture!nice shot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!very nice! really beautiful!another great handheld shot! The exposure is just perfect!!!wonderful scene, well compo!I remember going rollerskating there one summer as a kid...

great shot! specially hand held, the buildings lines are so crisp.Wow this is beautiful!! Wonderful shot. I like the scenecool shot - nice motion toonice shot.Awesome shot.  You got the light bursts and sense of motion on the ice.
Very nicely done.WOW it is huge!  So fun to try.  Good image lots of action and those standing still.  Amazing to have it cold enough to freeze hard enough to skate on.

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nice shot with all the blurry skating figures!interestring.....

very nice capture...beautiful you captured it well!!Wow, that is amazing! Incredible, especially for handheld!These are the shots where their vision involves you, like the sight, the perfect complimentCool :)
I like the motion on the ice quite a bit in this! And falling never hurts that bad...Nice motion blur!Central park has found its &quot;Lowery&quot;Central park has found its &quot;Lowery&quot; ! Its like a painting of his matchstalk people.:_)Awesome night shot....Good shooting!!!Merci beaucoup pour tant de Beauté

DomiWow, amazing shot!  Well done!Wow, really great work. I usually go to Bryant park which is basically the size of my bed. quite crowded.Took something similar when I was in SFO. I love the bluish tones of this shot. Again props for your steady shot w/o a tripod.I think the effect of all the skaters in motion is quite dynamic; love the deep blue tones - so wintry; wear thick jeans with thermal underwear and go for it !Lovely composition and movement. The coldness comes across too.nice one again... very good for a hand held... :)
wonderful place....Beautiful capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called STAND-OUT Images!     Post 1 - Comment 2+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Superb shot, looks so sharp for handheld. The motion is fantastic, great exposure!Great shot, nicely done.Spectacular!  I like the movement of the people in your well timed exposure.  Well done!
Danielwow... Mel.... with such a nice hand-held long exposure shot, you don't need tripod at all :) 
seriously.... you have already exceed the safety zone of normal hand-held limit.
really a super shot, you !!
central park ice rink is so well known, but i would imagine if you fall with all the people behind you :{Beautiful catch....!So many people so little room. Not bad consider it was handheld.Great capture! 
Don't think you need a tripod anymore ^^U need those portable aka gorilla tripod. U can shoot vertically in the train, if you have it in your purse :)

Get ready to break your back tomorrow my friend.love the motionThis is an amazing shot!!I took some shots over here, didn't love how they came out tho!i love this so so much Melissa!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Beautiful shot of NYC!Nice shot!*mind blown*It is a magic shot^^
Wow!This is an AMAZING photo!
Please post this at 
Camera Do The Thinking group pool.
We will be very glad if you could
join us too.
Love the ghosting effect. Nice exposure and composition!greatlooks great !

seen in Mikytz's World.What a superb scene. This came out so artistic.A great shot ! Like it =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Fantastic !cool..!!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.what a scene! fantastic exposure, great capture of the motion!it's like the scene from &quot;serendipity.&quot; so jealous - melissa! NYC!Seen at STAND-OUT Images! 

fAVgreat fun over there!woooow incredible picturegreat handheld shot!very, very very cool shot!great shot!wow! amazing! even more impressive that it was handheld!Truly fantastic!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardvery cool night shot!
Seen at STAND-OUT Images!This is so cool with the people blur and awesome background. Lovely Mel!!Lovely lovely pic!

A Brilliant Capture! Excellent Work! Well Done, My Friend!
This is a personalized Friendship Award to you for being such a wonderful friend and/or in recognition of your great achievements in Art or Photography. This also serve as my heartfelt thanks for your lovely comments in my pics.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hengbok-nikita/3385133024/sizes/s/]
For more details about this award, please click on the image.fantastic !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called VosPlusBellesPhotos (Invite only) - P1/C1/Sweeper! , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This photo is wonderful! 
Good day my friend!
With my friendship!


Vous êtes invité(e) à présenter votre belle photo dans:
Vos Plus Belles Photos(invite only)



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beau clichémolto bella e luminosa !!!beautiful rose flower captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called il ROSETO  *Post 1: Comment 2* , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful
You take care and rest after your op. No need to comment until your much better my friendThis is really beautiful, Monica.Beautiful capture!!! Lovely!!Wonderful, my friend!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pink N Powerful - Pink Flowers ONLY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely floral shot Monica.Absolutely gorgeous capture my friendLovelyGorgeous rose and pretty lupin! Beautifully presented! Enjoy your time, Monica!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Radiant and beautiful Full of light
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful capture. Hope your eyes get get good rest!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Rose Garden (post one, award one), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix FLOWER Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Breathtaking Monica!!!beautiful captureBeautiful Shot !!!Congrats on Explore, Monica!!(Beautiful) n-th power!!Foto veramente bella, complimenti!     

                    You are my winner!                                                                                                                                           Please add this photo to                                                             www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed) You are invited to add this exceptional image to             GOLD STAR AWARD
 (invite needed)                                               
please add the tag GoldStarAward                       I think this photo is a



 Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/                                    After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShot

                                                 This photo deserves a big HEART,                                                                                                                                    
    please post this beautiful picture at                                                                                                                 Heart Awards Group. .

You are Invited to Add this Exquisite Shot to:                                                                               
                                                                                                 Flickr’s Exquisite Shots (Invite Only)     
Your photo has been appraised as a Platinum Photograph                                                  We would be honored to have your photo in our group!      
Please tag your photo with platinumphoto                                                                                          (Questions?) (Rules)
Over The Shot Invite!!!

                                                                                                 You are officially Invited to
add this photo to:      
                                                                                                                                         #FLICKR# Over the Shot                                                                                                                                                  
Post 1 ~ Invite 1 or Comment 2         
                                                                                                             please add the tag &quot;OverTheShot&quot;                                                                                                   Visit our contests

 This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/flickrdiamondgroup/ please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer                                                 
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond                                                                                
 Please join us in:                                      DIAMOND HEART (Post 1-Comment 3)

An Awesome Shot Award                                                                                              You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
~CONTESTS~ Enter/Vote now    
 Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;    
                                                        A+++ Grade Photo! please join us                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!Citrit group                                                                                                                                  
                                Congratulations!                                                                                                                                                            Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;                                                    
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.                                                                                                                                                       Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;Fantastica!!! Complimenti !!!!!!!you need a riffle for the other hand!  I love it!in the works ;)Oh my! I LOVE this.ohh so cuteee!! jijij and funny! love itIncredible!!! I love this so much, one of my faves out of the FORTY rings (holy!) you've made. So creative and funny and well made. Specfreakingtacular, Nina!Great ring Nina!  It's good to see your designs for this RAD project.thanks guys! this was a fun one. i started it a while ago. glad to have it finished! what the hell do i do with the geese tho?you had me at quack.....:-) great ring Nina!Oh my!  HOW do you come up with these ideas?  This is wonderful!!!im gonna cry!!!!!!!!!!!!!
{insert dreamy sigh here...........}I love this! It makes me think of the little plastic ducks that go around in a pond at the fair.Oh, this totally rocks ... or should I say spins ?! ;o)I love love love this one ! so much fun in one ring !Love it!  I've been stalking your ring a day for a while now and this one is my favourite so far!Nice!  I don't have any suggestions for your next ones, but I can't wait to see them :-)here is the suggestion from one chuck evans, iowa professor emeritus extraordinaire.

&quot;on the next, cut the goose heads off and attach them vertical like they took a dive. should i send you some real parts. like chicken toe nails?&quot;makes me want a corn dog!!! and for it to be summer ...
fabulous work, such a fun fun piece! *Oh my god.  I'm having such a bad day and this made my heart lift!  Such a wonderful ring!you so clever.
cor wowzas.LOVE this one!!!  just great!jajajaj please !!! &quot;the dark side od the M&amp;M's&quot; ajjaja ROFLHee! I love it. I like the paint on that one's helmet. Was it hard to get off? I don't know yet. TK455 is currently in a bath of water to dissolve the paint. I don't think it will be hard to remove because it's some gouache paint and it doesn't really stick on plastic. And anyway, as you'll see tomorrow on the behind-the-scene picture, there's a trick to prevent any problem that would endanger the continuation of the series.Shouldn't the last line of dialogue be by TK479?

Can't wait to see tomorrow's picture!  And yeah, gouache should totally come right off with a warm water bath and maybe a little light brushing. You're right, I messed up with the dialogues. It's fixed now, thanks for pointing it out.yeah if it is the same kind of paint that you used in the last pic with the stormy getting painted black. then it should come off pretty good. a funny pic all around. Well the black trooper wasn't actually painted by me (I wouldn't have been able to do such a precise and clean painting job), it's a naturally black trooper known as Shadow Trooper (it appeared in the videogame The Force Unleashed). And if I used the black paint that's visible on the picture (Games Workshop acrylic paint), I don't think I would have been able to remove it from plastic without harming the figure. All in all, this &quot;Paint it black&quot; picture was some real cheating, there was no actual painting involved!I can't wait for tomorrow!i just found out this series recently. hahahah its a blast!this is brilliant! nothing more to add.. instafav!!!cool scene =) Like it !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Join the Colorful Side? :PCool...What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Excellent capture. Like how the books you used are antiques.beautiful compoReally enjoying the rich texture and color here.  This is a very inspirational shot.Preciosos detalles
Its faith sure!!!!!
great texture and dark tones dave
for you cold night
www.goear.com/listen/0ae16a4/nothing-else-matters-lucie-s...The title says it all and the composition confirms the title..Beautifully done : ))Good focus, lighting, toning.
nice photo.
good subject.Very well created and composed image dripping with symbolism and defly presented in your usual manner.
MorrisBeautiful composition and processing !!!This is a piece of art!
Seen in

A BLACK ROSE
POST 1 - AWARD 3man, that texture with those old books is just amazing... love how you have composed this shot...This is a piece of art!
Seen in

A BLACK ROSE
POST 1 - AWARD 3Fantastic lighting and a wonderful image! Nice job!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 2010.anything of good taste, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic job! This is very beautiful! Reminds me of this verse: &quot;The word of the Lord endureth for ever.&quot; 1Peter1:25Stunning!! Fantastic composition and tone.Wonderfully portrayed!




La Petite Galerie / The Little Photo Shoppethe rich texture and those wonderful old books go together so well! ... and an excellent composition, too! ... beautiful image ... and the title fits perfectly.Great picture!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Copper Cloud &amp; Silvern Sun {Admin Invite Only} P1~A3, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I get the feeling of a leather old parson near by geting ready for a sermon.
StunningYou leave me amazed with your texture-work again.... They seem to be hard as light but very interesting to see and full of an special charming.Wonderful work, as always. Great combination of objects since words and light are all that faith is about.wow, awesome shot!
...........Lovely golden tones in this timeless image.****************Very beautiful !****************
.........C|h|ú|c|m|ừ|n|g|n|ă|m|m|ớ|i ! .........
T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !Powerful Davewow! This photo says more than words ever could!! A Most PERFECT Shot

 
The Most Perfect Shot ~ Post=1 - Com=3

If you receive 3 - 5 Awards Click here 

If you receive 6 Awards Click here  A Most PERFECT Shot


The Most Perfect Shot ~ Post=1 - Com=3

If you receive 3 - 5 Awards Click here 

If you receive 6 Awards Click here great composition, nice work A Most PERFECT Shot


The Most Perfect Shot ~ Post=1 - Com=3

If you receive 3 - 5 Awards Click here 

If you receive 6 Awards Click here perfect composition with perfect &quot;dave&quot; texturing... you have an amazing style....Fantastic work!

Right out of the past ! Excellent Dave, I love this really.Beautiful workthis is so beautifully done!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!yes! love it, perfect exposure, great minimalism! - 
and i got 1st comment ;)Very striking shot, very original. One of my favourites from your stream... because I just love it!sometimes it can be hard to take a image, your effort was definitively worth it!more brilliance - wonderful b+w photographyI think this compo works really well!perfect in all aspectsHi, I'm an admin for a group called wOw FACTORY-Admin invited BASED ON STREAM RECOGNITION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great abstract, the composition and tones are excellent.Fantastic image - beautiful and so nice tonesGreat abstract Iain!this is really caught my eye, perfect execution in every way.  I love the dark tones.This is unusual and delightful :)great artificial cascade!! beautiful capture!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Damn Koool !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Masterful work.  Great exposure, tones, and contrast.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Chasing Shadows, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is thoroughly, unequivocally, and without a doubt superb, Iain. Like Joel, this is one of my favorites from your work so far.  

I would love the opportunity to visit this place.An excellent capture with cold fingers! – The warm tea was a well deserved treat after making this capture of yesteryear’s spillway. 
- GarySuperb abstract image.  Love the contrast of the white flowing water with the dark quiet water at the base.

--

This excellent monochrome image was seen in




Where monochrome excellence meets vision
--
Seen in the group&quot;Monochromatic Visions&quot; ( ?² )I like very much the composition that gives more than an abstract touch to the image, the tonal range and perfect exposure.This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!Wow, very special one !!!
Outstanding good ... looks cold and beautiful !!!
Yep, nice hot cup of tea  ;o)So soft...but strong!
Beautiful dark part, again.Beautiful shot.  You keep coming up with the goods my friend.  :0)superb tonesSplendid view of water. Greetings.This is really great - lovely shapes, tones and composition - quite abstract, and as always - simplicity rules!Still beautiful Iain...

This image gets...
one big WOW !!! 
 WOW FACTORYThis is exceptional - great compositon. Love the contrast of the moving water with the starkness of the stonework.Great abstract, beautiful tones and compo! Love the movement.
I enjoyed this photo in Chasing Shadows.this is absolutely fantastic.  As is often the case when an image takes time to make . . we invest the energy to hone in on what the most important aspects are, and as a result the viewer doesn't have to go on a long search.  Well done, sir!Beautiful shot.This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Absolutely stunning mate, beautifully done and works for me as is, not to mention nothing greater than the accomplishment of a fine photo taken and the comforts of tea and pastries....I never leave home without them, ha ha, not even here on the boat. Beautifully shot, processed and composed, sorry for being a stranger, now in Guadalcanal Salomon's.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Absolute BLACK and WHITE [INVITED ONLY] Post 1:MUST Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Love the shot...sounds like the perfect way to spend the day.Excellent and the only way this could be better is if the shot was followed up by a pint (or six....sorry Canadians don't do tea and pastries very well). Great shot of a challenging subject.Invited to 

THIS IS DERBYSHIRE
This is a wonderful Picture and we'd love to have this added to the group!

If you're not already a member, you'd be very welcome to join the group and share some other shots of Derbyshire tooBeautiful picture S Doctor. Nice work.Iain - it's all been said above - this is outstanding, breathtaking, so incredibly original, creative, innovative - WOW - truly an image I have never seen anywhere else and I love that about it - completely 100% original and yours.  Brilliant!!what is it about shrooms that is so
captivating?  lovely shot, ingrid!
great title, by the way! ; )))Looks like a small family, so beautiful
Yes this would be perfect for MarcelSome very natural tones. Those look like some fun guys!A grand shot here.  What wonderful soil beneath them.lovely lovely imageI am so jealous... I love mushrooms... photographing wild ones in moist areas (which we really don't have here)... and picking wild edible ones in the woods...Oh yes she would!  And you are the lucky one!  What a great capture Ingrid!  Did you get your rain?Lovely.Great bokeh. Nice earthy shot.Great work with the DOFMachel would fill many cards.. nice work Ingrid.. =]What a wonderful find, I love these beautiful little &quot;shrooms&quot; Gorgeous shot, such wonderful focus!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Delightful !Lovely image

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So cute Ingrid hard to beleive its that time of year again thoughawwwww... love this ingrid!! so cute :DRelentless!the clarity and softness of this picture are just stunning!  you're the best!These are such a pretty little grouping of tiny 'shrooms, Ingrid!  Yes, Machel should come visit you, huh?Excellent composition. Very niceWhere are the elves? Lovely study Ingrid. Great illustration for a children's book.nice little mushroom family Ingrid :)What a dainty little group of toadstools!  Lovely!I imagine part of the difficulty in photographing mushrooms is not crushing the surrounding population!   This is such a cute little mushroom family -- Machel will be delighted!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Back to say that I really like the square format.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice macro... i like the detail on the mushroom...gorgeous find Ingrid!!Are your fungii an autumn thing? Or do you have them at all times of the year in the tropics. Lovely tones, here, Ingrid!excellent focus and lovely tones!  They are in the forest most of the year, but certainly abundant when the summer monsoonal rains start.  Then we have them well into the winter.  It is only early summer that they die out until it rains.  Our seasons are really whackie here in the tropics :)
Winter gear is shorts and T-shirt for me.Beautiful composition and dof  a stand out.great macro!Nice shot =) I like the DOF !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wonderful capture Ingrid - there's a lot to be said for a tropical garden!Really great capture.Very nice composition and overall result. Thanks for sharing your wonderful work!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)what a beautiful march
congrats on ExploreOh Ingrid, this is a little bit different for you. I love it! And it does have an air of a little army forming a march. Nice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like this one, your really lucky to live were you do, I'm jealous.This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeLovely and magical.  I see where the ideas of fairy houses came from for sure.splendid atmosphere with this little mist on here, soft colours are so precious also !!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Absolutely fabulous!amazing!!!Nice shot well donevery beautiful, excellent compositionSuperb landscape Charles!I REALLY like this!!! this is stunningoh this is just perfect, awesome in every way 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)superbe!!!!!!I like the reflection of the dark trees in the water, where it appears the ice has not yet taken over.  Lovely composition, Chuck.  Warmth at that hour of the day...probably just an illusion, eh?Excelent Composition Chuck ,It's so beautiful!Very beautiful!That glow is great.

~JoshThis is an instant fave for me, I just love it,

Hi, Your photo has been spotted
and is worthy of an Invitation to

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/flickrclassique/
We would love to have you join and share this photo with the group.
Invited Images Only! Post 1, Award 3
Please tag &quot;Flickr Classique&quot;Wow, that is stunning!Breathtaking image Chuck.  Eye Candy!  Have I mentioned that I love and greatly admire the way you capture light so masterfully........the rising suns warm glow and enticing reflections on the ice and waters would be fabulous alone, but then the lovely glow and luminescence on the fg pine boughs is sensational.  A++!  OUTSTANDING shot good friend.  Bravo!Charles, in my opinion you overtake yourself in this pic. Perfect postprod.Now this is just plain pretty!Fantastic light here!Love Itwonderful glow indeed Charles,very nice shot my friend.How wonderful !!!! a gorgeous capture Charles...Beautiful!very nice landscape! congrats for the shot!What a view this is, Charles. It's wonderful. And those conifers here on the right give a little respite from all the white-to-gray of the season. 
WT

Charles, thanks for your comments on my photo &quot;1554 Self Portrait #279&quot;very niceThis is a real masterpiece.WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/what a beautifilly composed winterscape!! nicely done indeedGreat really sharp. Is this HDR?Fabulous Chuck!!  Gorgeous capture and composition!! ^^Fantastic timing, great work.incredible..so beautiful..Stunning shot!!great!!!This one is a winner!What a beautiful shot !!OMG ! Thir is heavenly !
Perfect composition !
Amazing Exposure and brilliant tones friend ! !
P E R F E C T !!!
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!One more thing friend ,if you had croped this frame from a wide angle exposure. . I would be so delighted to see the orginal work my friend !!
CHEERS ! !What a beautiful colors and view. Great workThis is really something to love. The light is perfect.So fun to get light like this.  Well done to take full advantage of the moment.Superb!Beautyful nature and photos!painterly landscape, beautiful lightOutstandingExcellent work, great atmosphere, wonderful scenery. Love it!Great processing !Gosh beautiful picture &amp; perfect title .:)This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.great shot !Wonderful shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Add Whatever You Want&quot;

We will be very happy to see your fantastic photo in our group!!
Add Whatever You WantWow this one is amazing!Beautiful image!Another very amazing shot.  Well deserved Explore.  Well done.Excelente toma.Stunning shot!   The light is perfect!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Oh!!! This is beautiful my friend.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)What a beautiful shot.  Love the colors!A Very Striking Photo Charles!!!  Love the way the tree line meets the warm glow of  the sun.Very nice. A really magical quality to this shot. Love the branch in the right side foreground.Fantastica!!!Beautiful view.. Really like perspective and colors. Great job. Thanks for your visit and kind comment. Keep smiling :-).That is a really nice glow..Very nice!
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Simply gorgeous! I love the light in this photo.Perfect capture
Seen in:

FLICKR ELITEA great moment, and such delicate colors.excellent landscapes shot and great p.p. jobfabulous tones and atmosphere in this splendid winter shotMagical view and capture. Brilliant composition.Thank you, today i needed to see gorgeus shots!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardThis is beautiful. Very special shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Perfect !! *-*Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)What a wonderful image. Perfect light and colour! I love itFantastic image, like  a painting, could look at it for ever!beautiful!
loving the lighting!&lt;3 well done ;)Rww3a ♥7bebty Allure abda3tii , 7beet El.focus
Love u ♥♥
تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
Wide sweet to enlargei love the focus&lt;3FENDIIIIIII &lt;33 :Pp
Raheeeeba ;)What an interesting capture! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Thanks a lot ..3jeeba il9wrrra 
ilwordz ♥ــــــ♥
m&lt;3 fعساج ع القوه ,,Ayer nomás...

Great details and perspective! :)Que super textura.
Otimo click!
AbraçosO abandonados... Es increíble que haya conservado los herrajes. Buen hallazgo. Saludos. Pipo
(Cuando veo una puerta asi pienso cuando habrá dejado de importarle a los moradores el deterioro de la puerta...en que momento, en que rayón...cosas que uno piensa nomás)Linda puerta para reciclar. ;-P

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Pretty niceNo me diga que hoy es su cumpleaños? :)
Chiste!!
Linda puerta.TOC...TOC....! 
Bravo!!Que linda foto!!
Y muy lindos detalles.
Saludos!! :-)This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  viste mi foto de una flor?
espero que si
saludos!sorry soy ingrata, tu foto me encanta
shau
Kartpostal Awards Group( Post 1 Award 3) 
Please tag your photo KartpostalThis brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  

Took Notice of this great shot in: Love ItGreat texture!

Kartpostal Awards Group( Post 1 Award 3) 
Please tag your photo Kartpostaldan ganas d sacarla y reciclarla toda jajjajaja
saludos!!

Amazing ..Una lija y un poquito de pintura y en un ratito vuelve a ser un pendexjust love doors. no door is the same...its the entrance to an other world. thank you also for all you nice commentsExcellent decay image !!

☆The Power Of Now ☆Quanta beleza em sua imagem..

@ voltando devagar, ainda não comentei em todas as páginas,
vou atualizando, calmamente..

boa tarde,
abraços.Muy bonita toma

--


WOW!! seen on :


WILD CLICK!!
Please Post 1, Award 1Genial imagen, tremenda toma y edición


--
Seen in the group&quot;  ☆The Power Of Now ☆&quot; (?)bela imagemFELIZ CUMPLEAÑOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cuántos, diga cuántos!!!! :)que maravilla de textura. Magnifica foto.. Saludos amigo...super textura!!!Excelente !Urgente lija y pátna y  a reciclar esa maravilla !!!! Muy lnda foto !!! =)This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.Gorgeous textures

Seen on Power of Now This image is  Elegantly Minimal!

(post 1 ~ award 1)
 check out our contests 
&amp; galleriesGreat patina

--
http://flickrmuseum.com/ (?)bellissimo particolare!
congratxlol . . . thank you for bringing me a smile! this is wonderfulhahah...nicemaking someone smile feels fine :)Haha, mich hast Du zu einem fetten Grinsen bewogen. Super.Etwas Buntes hängt im Baum. Ich lachte.ständig mußt Du rumhängen..Je länger der Schinken nach dem Räuchern abhängt desto mehr Feuchtigkeit verliert er.Also, bitte ordentlich Trinken.Hilarious! :Dyes!! this is perfect.He looks hung over,  congrats on explorehaha, lovely ideahoppla!very, very good ;)das wollte ich schon früher faven.kannst es mir ruhig globen.thanx all for leaving comments and giving pink stars  :)

@3k  nu gloar, I am a believer ;)satori
:o)Congrats on making Explore!Aahaha, great one.. -sometime i feel like that!this is probably the coolest thing ive ever seen.erster!This is fab.

Boo to R still being a medical mystery xGreat shotChocolate eggs, yum ;)
Very cool shot, great composition!Like the high key treatment.egg-cellent

--
Seen in the group&quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot; (?)Fab shot.  I really hope R is better soon xLovely shot!gorgeous shot - love the shapes (who doesn't love egg-shaped!) and the colours.Gorgeous shot. I hope R is better soon petal. Lots of love xxi always imagine the chicken and the egg in a 50 yard dash....who is  gonna gome come first??!

lovely texture to that egg on the left!Lovely shot, hope R is on the mend soon. xgreat simple shot, hope things get better with R soon xooooh this is great, love love love it. Hope R is improved? xxx 

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;the blog camp 365 in 2010 project&quot;. (?)Lovely shot, get well vibes to R xxGreat textures and definately good &quot;made from chocolate&quot;.  I hope the reason is discovered quickly.great egg-shot! :)Fab shot. I do think the egg came first though... generically speaking...great lightgreat photo, and I like your logic.

Hope they get to the bottom of R's headaches soon xlol, good question.wonderful....

But what if the eggs... naah never mind :)Hope they solve the puzzle soon, xThe tones and colors are wonderful ~ and combining the two different eggs makes this especially interesting.  Very nice...great photoLove love love egg shots, and this one's great. Best wishes to you and R, I hope they figure out what's going on with him soon! Sometimes it seems like medicine is more art than science, doesn't it?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called For Eggs Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great shot!
congrats on Explore!Super!

--
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010  (?)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hate to be the bearer of bad news... But eggs were first. Prehistoric dinosaurs and reptiles laid eggs which at some point along the line have mutated into the species we now know as chickens. But the eggs won the race.Beautiful colors...both of you are gorgeous!ahhh i &lt;3 swingerseerie, and cozy. nice grain.this is awesome!I agree, awesome!I like the colors, shadows, and the mood. 

If you knock out the lights at the far left then all the attention is on her face.film recorded better shadow and color i think..lovely low light portrait. I love the shadows!you're so money.love swingers :)nice shot!!lindas cores MESMO.yes... perfectly underexposedHi, I'm an admin for a group called un-usual young, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love this laurenOutstanding macro! Lovely tones!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Excellent B&amp;WSer du fram til våren nå? Tøft bilde.Great B&amp;W here, excellent workStrong b&amp;w!Don't think you're an LA Woman, but are you a Rider on a Storm??Well done
I think your photo is great
You're invited to join us at
 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 
1 photo per day - no invite needed - please follow the rulesCool!!!!well donetøft!:)
Gjør seg bra i b&amp;w :)Cool study. Nice image.Wow... beautifully composedawesome...nice B&amp;W! interesting subject... I don't know one can buy shoes from the &quot;doors&quot;

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)two cults :-)
greetings!Light My Fire, cool shotvery cool - loved The DoorsI like the decent b&amp;w and the simplicity. Very nice picture!cool shoes =Dgreat

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Let\s go for a run !

:-)))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called simly  b&amp;w art ., and we'd love to have this added to the group!great lightingcool shot!Excellent BW capture!nice b&amp;wwow.. the doors.this picture did &quot;Light my fire&quot; 
skikkelig stilig svarthvitt og bra komp!Tøft og kreativt bilde! S/h gjør seg veldig bra her :)Strong compo..............love the tonesgrandiosa toma!Very cool image !   I Like this...Buena compo y virado !!. Saludoscome on baby light my firemuy buena fotografia,saludosGood pub ! like this shot  
(thanks for y/fast com !!!)Bella trovata!I love All Stars!yes. cool !
all stars - luciano pavarotti :)Good work fantastic.
Regards.cool shoesGREAT B/W Shot....very BeautifulGreat B&amp;W.. Excellent angle.www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRNxXS5nLCI

these shoes wore thirty years ago, but remained always the same, except the colors.
StefanoLimited edition? Tøft!Very cool shoes. Well shot.cool work!!!coolGreat framing and perfect B &amp; W.
Good job my friend.I didn't know they did these, do they pay Jim Morrison for using the name? Nice shot.My favourite band of all timeNice!I liked the really very beautifulYou have an incredible ability to find the unusual. . .Bravo!!!Great compositionQue bonitas jejjee excelente enfoque
saludos
joselove it!... The Doors and All Star, an almost unmatchable combo... :: )Fun and very well done, good B&amp;W!Very very nice idea !!A great composition!Like the idea and execution.Thats very nice.. lovely choice in black and white 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)i love this one,
can be on CM:)Cool...
www.flickr.com/photos/05021979/4249719239/Grand...a great frame..!!! The Doors.!!sweet kicks, sweet band !I've got the matching t shirt!Very well done.  Break on through.

JVery well done.  Looks great in B&amp;W.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All Star lovers of the world, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the DOORS! Nice shoes!!Nice capture ! and nice quote !Fantastic portrait. The composition and dof are excellent. I love the way they are standing together in the apparent silence of old friends.
Wonderful quote as well.candid. Nice! :)Nice shot dude...Apt description for a perfect shot !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thank you!:)Wow.... marvelous!Brilliant my friend.. awsome.Wat een mooie!! En wat heb je die lang bewaard!
Je kunt um anders Large on Black toevoegen via BigHugeLabs :-)excellent sky and lightingNice shot, very moody.  Love the back lightingwhat a view, excellent!!Glorious Light. Wonderful Capture.Prachtige wolken foto!the same sun that i know??
what a great light capture
really wonderful

Seen on Fluidrawesome light rays!mooie dollia!WowThe heavens open up.
Nice one Dollia.wonderful light ! excellent composition!Superb composition! The light and shadows are fabulous!  A very beautiful sky capture, my friend!  Well done!stupendous!Mooi die zonstralen!stunning light!! the rays are fantastic and the silhouette of the palm on the right is great!These are the shots where their vision involves you, like the sight, the perfect complimentTe gek licht.................fantastische foto man!!!

JanwillemLove the rays of lightPrachtig licht!Wow .!! TARBULANT SKY !!
Excellent exposure and tones !
Have a great day my Friend !Fantastic shot , my good friend .Precioso cotraluz buena toma saludosPerfect Dollia my friend!
Looks great - The Rays are touchingLove those ray, excellent processingAwesome image!Fantastic rays of light!Wow! This is awesome. Love it!
--


Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
Please add this picture to the group 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Super capture with the light in the cloudsBrilliant light !!!The Rays are caught so beautifully A very spectecular sky image with perfect balance of light !OK .... 1st thing i do when i saw this photo is click &quot;A FAVE&quot; . My friend , this is AWESOME the rays , the sky emmm .. i dont know what else to write here .. YOu the man ..great clouds and beams of lightdie stralen zijn ongelooflijk mooi!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Fantastic Clouds and light!!!Mooie overgang  van diep zwart naar smachtend helder blauw.

Bij dit soort denk je even terug aan dat moment......................Top

JanDelicious cloud formations! Love it!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wow, Very very BeautifulHeftig! 
(Gaat misschien wat ten koste van de fraaie palmbomen!)magnificent capture my friend.

billiesuperb,
as expected :)
beautifully captured dear Dollia :]Wat prachtig die stralen !! En wat een indrukwekkende lucht  !Pracht plaat !!!very niceContraluz magnifico!!Felicidades!Amazing sky, love those raysNow this is nice work mate :)WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/Love the energy here Dollia, beautiful scene:)Prachtig zijn de silhouetten van de palmbomen tegen de dramatische lucht , Dollia !
Mooie lichtstralen !The rays are amazing. I love the darkness in the photo, and how it intensifies the rays. Beautiful capture!

LorienSpectaculair, Dollia. SCHITTEREND !!!Un cielo impresionante !!! maravillosa fotografía, amigo. Me encanta la luz !Very nice and moody mate!Great catch!nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Some amazingly dramatic skies... Love the compo.Great shot - awesome light
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.This is so stunning, Dollia--something very
heavenly about skies that look like this one!yeesss...Stunning and superb shot!Beautiful ray well capturedA magical moment! Well captured!!good one there.. love the lights through the clouds...fascinating mood, great capture.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)nice  clouds and lightsamazing capture........Amazing lights and composition! :Dspectacular sky...Fantastische foto, als altijd! 

Trouwens, mijn 'tagged' staat ook online, Dollia ;)Look at that sky, very beautiful capture my friendThat's a great shot ! Love the sky =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )A beautiful piece of art! Great!Beautiful clouds formation and light, well done!What a beautiful sky! Well done.Wat een drama in deze luchtpartij ... pracht compositie met die palmbomen zeg !

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)What a view! The lighting passing through the clouds are amazing, love it! : Dstunning capture!excellent sky 

--

 Saw this in the Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
THIS IS A TOP PHOTOGRAPH! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Top Photography Group~Strictly Invitational &quot; ( ?² )Congrats my friend on ExploreThat is really just some amazing light my friend. Keep up the good shooting!lovely rays of lightThat's the most amazing sky and beautiful rays of light!Die lucht is dramatisch, mooi spel van licht en duisternis.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

bilslama 7bebti:&quot;&quot;(
gonna miss you'(ww)
adore you&lt;3!!
muuuuuuuuuuuwh:'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''besllamah in shllah 
يازين الطبيعه

goona miiis youuuuu
blslamaa&lt;33drb ilslama 7bebti &lt;3
gonna miss you &lt;'3 , Faved
iloveyou:*drb ilslama babe &lt;3 
gonna miss you :(
umwah:')Faved&lt;/3wow 
amazing view,,
the sky sends 
it's lighting,,I can c it clearly..Gnna Miss you Hind albGraa ;&quot;)
a7bbbch !:&quot;)iloveyou:')idieyou:&quot;)Tro7en W Trj3en Bel-Salma 7aytii &lt;3;*

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 itneed you :&quot;)drb ilslamh &lt;3
t.cJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)elwords :') &lt;3
Loveyou handOshii :*Drb elslama :**Drb il-slaama 
Me 2 iwill travel 2omowro :)thannks all :*Beautiful shot! Drb alslamah!Drb ilslama 7beebtii :&quot; , gnna miss you :&quot;( &lt;/3
آحـبـج :*NiceDrb el.Sllamh Cuzin &lt;3
Nice Nice Words :'
Love u :*Shaikhaz :*tro7yn oO trj3yn bslama
bto7shyny  &lt;3drb elslama hind:*&lt;3:&quot;)&lt;/3
 just Love u :'*:&quot;bislamah 7bibi (LL) :* &lt;'33درب السلامه حبيdrb el.Salamh SoulMate ='(
really gonna miss you (w)soulmate :&quot;)
allah ysalmich :')
gnna miss you so so so so much :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; 
iLy :&quot;((((bslama hind :*ugh hind ! Really gonna miss you :&quot;&quot;&quot;)&lt;//3 a7bch,Drb el.Sllamh MyMonky &lt;3
gnna miss you :( (L)
LOVE YOU MOT ;*Drrb ilslama babe ;**Ugh Spain♥♥♥ :( , uf take me there handosh :PP
drb elslama :*(Great shot--love the light over the tree.Looking at it large makes me dizzy. Something just a bit off here.

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Icebox: Walk Like an Egyptian&quot; (?)

-Voted &quot;uncool&quot; (from The Icebox)Really not bad. But maybe a bit too toy camera-ish for Jake's taste. 

uncoola brilliant image.love winter photos..
and i think this one's good
so...

coolbeautiful flakesnearly  works

uncoolNot crisp enough.

-Voted &quot;uncool4&quot; (from The Icebox)Nice idea, but a little too fuzzy.

Uncool 5I wouldn't typically like the fuzziness but this one grabs me. I like it and 
coolif only the lamppost was sharper

uncool6this is awesome! almost unreal....great job!!it needs a subject

uncool7what oldie said. uncool8Bummer dude. Your photo wasn't cool enough for The Icebox. Feel free to throw it in the pile with the rest of the melted muck, and better luck with your next submission.I like it!I like this great night shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Very cool shot. Like an abstract. 

How much snow did you end up with? We were hammered in Baltimore (probably about 4 feet in the end).

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)i think about ten inches this go around, on top of the 22 the other dayWe could all ski to work :)

Really is a cool shot. Well spotted!One fell out of the bowl, tell me Linda, who is he ???

Love your quote.W
o
n
d
e
r
f
u
l
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Beautiful macro colors and dofOh so sweet......!What a beautiful and creative shot! Beautiful quote!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)They look delicious..... I love the quote too.great capture, I like the white of the  sugar on the hearts,
 and good idea for Valentine's Day sweets.really wonderful..
lovely work.. :)How tasty looking...  Good use of color...

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I love it... there's a beautiful zen-like quality to this composition.Love is in the air ......nice work.lovely shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful and looks so yummy :-)Oh this is so luscious!beautiful! love the color and lighting!The only thing I feel looking at this is hungry!  :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Robbins egg/Please don't forget awards/ P.1- Award 2-Inv. 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Love it, Linda!Perfect Valentine's Day shot. And the lighting is just perfect.such a sweet shot and wonderful quote!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Objects-Nesneler (New), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very nice !!!wonderful shot and great quote :-)That's a very nice photo - Like it =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Very good capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Yummy !!!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very pretty...congrats on explore !Amazing
favSo sweet! (pardon the pun)
Love the colour and the lightI like the quote.  Nicely done, Linda!perfecta, exquisita!!awesome photo! the candy hearts are so cute :)Beautiful! nice tones.This is really beautiful.  I love all of the detail in the structure.such beautiful architecture!!Beautiful!
Lovely colours.lovely!Aw. Lovely.
We always stay in Kings Hotel (opposite) when we come to Brighton!lovely details!  beautiful photo :)I will have to visit Brighton one day. It will be like walking into your images.Beautiful!Beautiful! Love the colours and patterns.that's delicious!I just adore this! Beautiful!Lovely tone and composition!!!Perfetta !!! Complimenti !!!!!!!!!Oh, that is ornate and gorgeous. And you made it even better!Sooo lovely!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)So beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!Awesome colors!wow..the green color is soothingHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love all the details. The green matches amazing with cream white.Great composition and such beautiful soft colours.
Congrats on Explore.


--
http://www.fluidr.com/ (?)蛮不错滴蜡beautiful!beautiful slice of a bygone agethe tone really is beautiful :) what kind of camera and film do you use?Beautiful colours and fine cut!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Square, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Suêrbe coucher de soleilespectacular!!!!!!!!!!!!!preciosas siluetas, sobre un cielo fantástico.
saludosBellìsima imàgen y contraluz..!!!!!
Saludos..!!Te ha quedado preciosa, un abrazo!.Linda  foto.Foto vista en el grupo:

ABSOLUTELY BEAUTY/ABSOLUTAMENTE BELLO
VERY BEAUTY/MUY BELLO !El color del cielo es precioso!!!!Excellent!Foto vista en el grupo:

href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/absolutelybeautiful-absolutamentebello/&quot;&gt;ABSOLUTELY BEAUTY/ABSOLUTAMENTE BELLO
VERY BEAUTY/MUY BELLO !Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Flores, paisajes y más y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

hola amigo!!magnifico atardecer!!!Que bonito contraluz ademas has sabido esperar el momento del dia justo para sacar esos tonos!!!!
Salu2
Seen on my contact´s page
muy bella puesta de solUne image superbe!Fantastic Capture, my friendBellisima esta foto!! buen contraluz y hermosos los colores del cielo!! Saludos :DESTE HERMOSO OCASO FUE VISTO EN:

AMANTES DE LOS ATARDECERES
www.flickr.com/groups/atardecer/ (Post 1 - Award 2)beautiful...preciosa tomaBeautiful silhouettes and lovely colourLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Espectacular ese atardecer y tus siluetas. SaludosPreciosa!I like the silhouette and the great colors.Una belleza de foto.
Preciosas las siluetas. Muy bonitas las nubes con esa diferencia de textura y tonalidad.
¡Y otro explore! ¡Felicidades!INVITACIÓN a subir al grupo...
Pienso que ésta foto es un

Añade por favor tu foto a www.flickr.com/groups/embrujo/
Embrujo (Sólo por Invitación)
Despues de añadir tu foto al grupo,
añade la etiqueta (tag) &quot; Embrujo &quot; a tu fotografíaBonita foto.Menudo atardecer tan precioso!!!!

Enhorabuena por la toma, es impresionante.

Saludos.Hi José!
We are arguing with colleagues whether actually HDR has been used for creation of this foto? In my opinion this is a single exposure. Please answer if you'll have a minute.

GraciasPrecioso instante capturado con una tonalidad muy bonitawow que hermosa foto 
que atardecer tan maravilloso me gusto mucho la tonalidad
realmente increible¡Que velocidad!

--
Seen in El Factor Humano / The Human Factor (?);-))))Y lo que nos reímos con los 12 segundos...Ostras a Paco le habeis dado micro y todo.Que hacias Paco?? quedastes genial jajaja. Gracias por la oportunidad de conoceros. Saludos a todos.I was singing in the rain!! :-)))

Que buena, a ver como salen las otras :-)cómo me hubiese gustado estar ahí, :)
--
Seen in the group&quot;El Chiringuito de El Factor&quot; (?)Pocos pero bien avenidos ;)¡¡¡qué boniaaaaaaaaaa!!!
da gusto veros, da gusto veros, de verdad.
abrazosMuy buena, que pena no estar alli con vosotros.... lo siento en el alma

Un abrazoHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SUPERLATIVAS (Fotos Invitadas-Only invit) COMENTA 1 FOTO y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Felicidad en imágen.Bravo!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado un instante,una historia y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.¡¡¡Toma ya!!!, ¡¡¡ # 166 en Explore !!!Quina obra de teatre representaveu!.... jejejeje... molt bona!!.-Estaba cantado Jorge.que lástima, cachis!!¿Qué es explore?Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.Que grandes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Genial, Paco parece un telepredicadorgenial !!!!Olé !!! Los magníficos &quot;factoristas&quot; Dicen que el órden de los factores no altera la Renfe o sea que lo de magníficos va por los que están presentes y los que no se ven en esta foto   :-))

¡Esta foto es SUPERLATIVA= COJONUDA!!
TE LO DICE EL MISMÍSIMO PINOCHO*!
(* Cuando ya no mentía, eh!) 

 www.flickr.com/groups/superlativas
COMENTA UNA FOTO - PLEASE COMMENT ONE PICTURE
SOLO FOTOS INVITADAS-ONLY INVITED PICTURESI saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !Muchas gracias Martin por ese asiento que me habeis reservado!!!!!Pues lo que no sabe la peña es que para salir en la foto, Martín y yo tardamos 10 segundos en bajar desde donde estaba la cámara.estoy en buesta memoriano fueron 12, Antolín?.....  :))Albert, 12 eran los segundos del autodisparador, pero nos sobraron dos :-)me encanta!!!!!!!!! 
a este te lo encargo en el invierno :Dmil gracias Andre!!!Es precioso!!!es superbonito!Gorgeous work!  Love the color combo and the braided tie.wow, nice focus!Now this is cool! Really nice perspective, perfectly composed and well processed. Love that little reflection of clouds in the lower right corner.

Seen on FluidrGreat dof... interesting perspective, for sure.Fantastically awesome processing of a great shot! (what a mouthful! hehe)
The processing gives this a 'surreal dream-scape' kind of feel for me.. would make a great base for a design for an architectural company.
Good one mr Burrows!excellent, love the tilt-shift effectmoney shot.

you inspire kiddo.Cool!Cool shot, love it.Two things I can't believe. That all these great photos are done on the Iphone and second that you guys had some sun. When did that happen?You prove time and time again that you don't need an amazing camera or high-end software to take incredible photos.Tight.nice tilt. Slight departure from your recent stuff.

I like it lots!lyooa: Thanks! The ability to control the sweet spot of the shot is one thing I really like about the TiltShift Generator app.

Matt: Wow, really appreciate the kind words and detailed comment! 

Dave: Thanks so much for the comment.  It was a rather sunny day last Saturday and my daughter had swim practice at the Forest Hills Aquatic Center.  I've always loved the look of the fine arts center so I couldn't pass it up! ;-)

Jacqui: lol...love the &quot;fantastically awesome&quot; comment! I think you nailed it with the somewhat surreal appearance that resulted from using TSG.  The building itself it quite interesting, but I wanted to isolate the varying levels using this perspective.  Thanks so much for the comment Ms. Brown. ;-)

Melissa: Thanks so much! I should probably use TSG more than I do, as the results can be quite interesting.

Terry: Always always appreciate your comments.  lol...love the &quot;money shot&quot; comment.  Hmmm...wonder if titling my shot that would get me flagged? ;-)

blueteeth &amp; Ivan: Really appreciate you stopping by.

Drew: lol...yeah, all iPhone.  Last Saturday the sun broke through the clouds for a couple hours.  It's been so rare this winter that I always try to get out and at least snap a few shots when it does.  Thanks for the comment!

Dave: Humbled.  Thanks so much.  Now, if we can actually get a time set where we could go out and take some photos and, possibly, grab a drink afterward.  Would be great to catch up and see how life is treating you.

Tommy: Thanks!

Duncan: Appreciate it.  And yeah, it is a bit of a departure, as it's not what I would call a minimal shot.  I still wanted to isolate the &quot;ledges&quot; on the building and highlight the perspective, which also meant a departure from my the square format I normally post photos in.  Really appreciate the comment!  Hope all is well.Love those colors and the perspective is great. Beautiful shot. Excellent as always Matt.Great angle and perspective. Colours are fab!

Good photo!:)hey matt. 
love shots like this. you have inspired me to go after a similar shot of my office building. thanks :)absolutely perfect!!  great angle, composition, and color all put together to create something unique...Greg: Really appreciate it Greg!  Couldn't pass up a rare blue sky and a well-designed building!

Magne: Appreciate it.  Wanted to take the photo in a way that showcased the various levels that extend off of the building without taking a straight on shot.  Thanks for the comment!

Lyndon: Look forward to seeing them.  I guess it's only fair that this one inspires you, as many of your shots (great lines and color) have inspired me as well.  Really appreciate your comment as always.  Take care!

Josh: Wow.  What more can I say besides thank you.  Always great when people refer to a photo as unique...lol...in a good way.  Seriously, thank you so much for the comment.  A great way to end my night.  ;-)lovely focus and tilt-shifting. lines are nice too.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Legal sua foto, adorei.

Thank you for sharing with The World Through My EyesoXane: Thanks so much for the comment and invite!

LolandeseVolante: Really appreciate the kind words!  Thanks for the heads up too, as I didn't realize this photo had made Explore!  

rpedrosa28: Thanks!Nothing more I can add, but congrats again, and fab shot!Love it !Yet another great shot of leaves! ;-) Congrats on all the recent Explorations!Me encantan esos tonos
Felicitacionespreciosa imagen de uno de los pueblos de E.H!pues gracias por este plano más abierto porque me has refrescado la (gastada) memoria...yo estuve ahí hace muchos muchos años; esta vista es inolvidable, y está tan bien editada; enhorabuena David!Your photo is invited to:
Magia y fotografía...**admin invite

 Welcome ~~ BienvenidoUna buena composición en esta vista marinera de ese pueblo tan fotogénico, has buscado el ángulo adecuado, con ese cielo fantástico y el tratamiento que acostumbras, te ha quedado perfecta.
Un saludoPrecioso lugar, David. Imponente imagen que abarca este magnífico puerto junto con parte de la ciudad bajo ese impactante cielo, haciendo de este trabajo una verdadera maravilla, enhorabuena.
Un abrazo.A parte de la toma que esta tremendamente bien, el tratamiento lo borda por completo. Felicidades nuevamente.Fantastic shot, a ton of things to look at, love the architecture in the background :)¡Que bonita! Me gusta toda la imagen, pero esos tonos plateados, más, son envidiables.
Esta foto y artista participan del mural

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub Muy muy buena, me encanta la suavidad de los tonos, del agua principalmente. Un gran disparo y un gran trabajo.

Saludos David,Dificil foto, tanto lio de mastiles y el tono blanco de los botes distrae la foto, pero la has resuelto muy bien dandole profundidad con  el espigon que te lleva hasta la Iglesia y el cielo ayuda mucho con el contraste que hace.......
Para variar me gusta....
AGURCool shot! Seen in:
ALL PHOTOGRAPHERS NOW
 Una foto muy preciosa, y la toma de luces es genial. Me gusta!la vista increíble, maravilloso lugar que nos traes a la retina con una edición fantástica, saludosNos muestras una vista muy bonita y atractiva de este bello rincón.
Además el tratamiento que le has dado lo destaca aún más.
La compo muy correcta.
Saludos.Seen in:


Magia y fotografía..**admin invite
post 1 - awards 3~~no comment..=BANbella
Seen in:


Magia y fotografía..**admin invite
post 1 - awards 3~~no comment..=BANGuapisima!!!, esa luz tamizada es genial!!!, con una edicion excelente!!!, preciosa marina amigo!!!.SaludLo siento David pero voy a discrepar esta vez de los amigos anteriores. Creo que te has pasado de procesado y has generado ruido (más en el cielo). Además la veo pasada también de MDE. Voy a coincidir con lo de  la composición, que es magistral. Me parece que me vas a borrar como contacto, jaja. Un abrazo amigo.pues a mi la edicion me gusta, aunque como te dice rafaelnunezlascano, el cielo tiene algo de demas el ruido, si le pasas un antirruido ganaria mas¡Precioso trabajo! Realmente una maravilla.La edicción me gusta al igual que la composición, quizá tenga razón Rafa en que tiene un pelin de ruido.

saludosMagnifica captura y edicion,precioso lugar.


SaludosHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Art-Digital *Invite Only* P- 1 C-3  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Una edición extraordinaria, de lujo total. Mi enhorabuename encanta la composición y el procesado, te han quedado unos tonos muy chulos y un cielo de lujo.

Esta foto y artista participan del mural

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub Los tonos y la compo ...de lujo.Ooohhh...!!


Magia y fotografía..**admin invite
post 1 - awards 3~~no comment..=BANQue artistazo eres. Fotón de foto. Enhorabuena!

Besis
kalaUna luz muy suave acompañada de un  encuadre fantastico. Que bonita la iglesia.Otra fotaza de Lekeitio!!!!
Otra pasada!!! 
Me gusta ese tratamiento HDR que le metes!
Cuando vaya a Lekeitio voy a aprovechar a hacer una panorámica desde donde tú has sacado esta foto, que me parece un buen punto de vista y sacar todo el puerto!!!Ya veo que le estas dando calor a tu hdr. Habrá que ver otras con tu nuevo juguete y ya me contarás.Tanto la toma de ayer como la de hoy los tonos del agua me gustan mucho la composicion es muy buena
Un saludoOtra bonita toma con esa edición tan acertada.Iker, el encuadre que propones es imposible por el sencillo motivo que mi mujer me mata si la saco del encuadre con mi hija :) le hacía ilusión salir en una de mis fotos :p

Un abrazo y gracias por los comentariosEs una bella postal...cuanto purista veo.Muy bonita foto del puerto de Lekeitio, estupendo encuadre y muy bueno el juego del luces entre el primer término y el fondo.
Un saludo.¡Vaya procesados que te gastas, David !!Una imagen realmente atractiva, la imagen muy bien cuidada, parece que todo lo has puesto tu en el sitio a tu gusto. En cuanto al procesado veo un alto rango dinámico, cosa que me encanta. Te ha quedado de lujo. 

Un saludo David y gracias por comentar.superb image, my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Qué bonito es el norte, verdad, David? Pero tu incluso haces que lo sea más!
Increible instantánea :-)Amazing perspective :)--
Seen in:


flickr.com/groups/magiayfotografia/ ( ?² )effectiveque buen HDR, me encantaimpresionante!!!Bonita composición y encuadre aunque no entiendo de tratamientos resulta llamativa.Very nice. :)Really nice shotNice!Oh that is nice, the long shadows of the trees coupled with the diagonal of the path makes for some great foreground interest, and the composition, with the placement of the sun is excellent.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)beautiful shot

--
Seen on a rss aggregator. (?)Amazing shadowplay here, this is so good!Tha'ts really cool.
Love the trees witht he wide angle.Wow, that has a real magical mood to it.  Love the deep blue gradient sky, the long shadows and just about everything else.  Well done.Once again, you manage to photograph places that I know so incredibly well, and show them in a whole new light.  Great photo!Thanks everyone.. glad to hear the 2-3 hours I spent getting this image to what I wanted it to be was worth it.   I love the old trees in that park.Beautiful winter scape!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]I like the silhouette and the great colors.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Wonderful !

Seen on Explore !impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Wonderful shotperfect exposure...excellent expressionadorable !!!!!&lt;3So cute!!  Love the colors.I love this and the pink that is reflected on her fur.

Wonderful!she always gets the expressions right.
so impressive.sweet repose. 
a perfect coy soft expression. 
: )
thank you so much for posting!
*
Found, admired, and loved in: the little dog laughed Love the colors and the expression!!  Beautiful!!Awwwww very cute!gorgeous!Sweet Muhka, great colors!!love the tones, great pose...oh, how lovely valentine's presenter!Can't get any sweeter than your sweet Mukha! Nice shot!beautiful!!!wegman.She's adorable!Wow - gorgeous shot - nice work!thanks guys! she is a sweet heart! i love the pink reflecting in her fur too :)what a beuty =0)Aww sweet heart Mukha!
 This is one of my favorites. Please post it here:

★Favorite Pictures★(P.1♥A.5) [INVITED ONLY]That's just fantastic.This is super cool, dude! Brilliant concept and very good processing.I really love it! I like the way the smoke blends in on the bottom and develop to the top in the different colors! Well done!Beautiful... Great job, Amar!Creative smoke shot !!Great job .. this is awesome.lovely!!! awesome!!!! :) :) :)

[ but.. wudnt the photo look even better on white when there is no outer border?? ]Good idea!nice one!SuperbFANTASTIC!!!!! One of your very best shots.Beautiful work...Nicely Done!!!Wow, awesome!Beautiful indeed, Excellent image, Thank you for sharing.

Now, to view &quot; LOVE IS IN THE AIR, A PRELUDE TO VALENTINE'SDAY &quot;
you may click and view.

farm3.static.flickr.com/2697/4347160295_64b46f30a9.jpgmindblowing one saga
onnum solluradhukku illa....Very creative! Love what you did with the smoke.Wow !!whoa stunningHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Very nice artwork !
Seen on Explore.Nice shot.....IanBrilliant bokeh and detail along with the colours make this a great shot
MattGREAT SHOT!! 



Seen in : ~ 
*Birds and Wildlife UK*Amazing!wow it just about jumps off my screen
stunning and immaculate workLove the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.This was done in a studio right? :-)I saw one yesterday, but that one was too nervous to take a good photo :-( Your picture is perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Fat Bee &amp; Dancing Gull* (Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful shot!Great work..Superb photo of one of my favourite birds :))
Seen in ExploreJust excellent!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Thanks to everyone for their comments.
No SFL Magana, it wasn't shot in a studio. If it was, I would have eliminated the shadow under the tail. The background is a field
behind the perches we have erected next to some feeders. A shallow
DoF, f4.5, gives a beautifully diffused background. Shot from a hide.A beautiful bird =) The background is nice too !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )LovelyReally great capture.Outstanding image, kudos


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)lonely soul(s)!good!LovelyNice, introspective portrait!Very nice!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )i love this, so sensibleyep - very much sonice one!
i like the reflect :pLa funicolare..... &lt;3Splendida. Sguardo indecifrabile.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please join and invite your contacts in
 The largest group in the world.



 We may establish a world record!! intensa..I lolve this mood! excellent shot!Preciosa, un poquito borrosa, me encanto el reflejo en la ventana, la expresión corporal de ella.Super candid!! :-))ha l'aria incazzosa...

Seen on Fluidrlove thisSo much wisdom in her eyes.... Madonna....mi piace e mi colpisce soprattutto il profilo della ragazza, è enigmatica lei.She Seems sad.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! che sguardo!So delicate and gentle the way you photographed her.titolo molto simpatico, e immagine che a me ispira senso di solitudine, poi forse è veramente solo assorta nei suoi sognigreat shot
so lost in thoughts !Beautiful capture and b&amp;w.meraviglioso.
punto.This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! nice candid.....he seems to be in a moment.Super in this angle, excellent in her thoughts &amp; musicnice moodfine shot!Nice candid capture, great in b&amp;w.wonderful reflection here, Donato! and the energy as wellThis image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! è un ritratto davvero molto intenso.... bravo!great shot. the aura of this picture is very alluring. Well done, mate.Maravillosa!!!!!!!!!Realy a great job!!!!!!! Beautiful!!Love the faint reflection.A superb take...!E mai mai mai paura, ché meno ne hai e meno ne avrai.
Lo dicono i Mercanti di liquore e subito l'ho cantata, guardandola.
Lasciami il tuo sogno, dicono ancora. Infatti è lì, a sinistra; il sogno, il motivo della stellina.gorgeous reflection, beautiful shot!Ahh, yes.  Very, very nice and, as often in your work, a sense of story.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great shotbellaj'aime ce regard au repos
:^-)Un classico  realizzato pero' in maniera superba 
intensa e coinvolgente 
molto bella complimenti
ciaoGreat.Just amazing !!Maravillosamente bien captada, me gusta mucho!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)greatHi, I'm an admin for a group called INCOLORO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shadé ,
and we'd love to have this added to the group!

www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKiujDWRBAMPerfect travelling mood captured ...excellent donato!amazing! love the angle
very cool :)This one is very dynamic, I love the pose!Very well and creatively done. The wide angle pronounces the pose very well.Great shot with lots of impact.  I love the rich colours, angle and shadow.I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comThank you very much, guys!! I'm so glad you all like it!
I also really love that shadow :)powerful little lady....really cool, miss. :)I always love your colors.And happy to knowya! The shadow is kick ass like you!&lt;3 Thank you, friends :DI LOVE it!!!  WOW!  I am so excited to make this quilt!!  Thank you!!

You are so speedy!Oh, it's very pretty, Christy! Did you add the solid colors?Yeah, I added the solids.  They were all I had that went with the fabrics she sent me.  The corner pinwheels are actually a chocolate brown, but they are showing up darker in my picture (it's raining here).  I think that the solid chocolate anchored that crazy 70's brown print pretty well.   :o)I love it.  Hope my fabric shows up today.Very pretty  I like the mixture of the brights and the chocolate!!Loving this block, making me motivated to get mine done!!!!Great block...and great fabrics.  Good job!OMG!!!  Love love love!!Pretty pinwheels!!
It seems that you always the first in finishing somebody's block :)Qué belleza de perspectiva, impresionante!!que ojo tuviste querida!!! me parece un encuadre magistral!!!Que bella!! y con esas ramas de invierno.....
Que linda Lau!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Q foto tan lindaaaaaaa!!! ♥me quedé muda... con las ganas INMENSAS q tengo q de París ♥ ahyyysss suspiros eternos ...
es bellísima esta toma Lau, q lindo q lo hayas pasado tan bien!!
=)Bellisima!!!!!!!!!!Una belleza !!!!Muchisimas gracias a todos !! me hace tan feliz saber que les gusta !!!!Lau, que belleza!
Esta foto destaca incluso en pequeño de entre todas las demás de mi hoja de contactos.fabulous POV~♥♥♥ ~

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)♥♥♥♥♥Beautiful!  I like the unique angle.Thanks a lot !!!!!!
Gracias !!!!!!beautiful colors !Lauuuu... qué regreso querida!!! Esta foto es una lección de encuadre, no???ja ja ! Lau si me hubieras visto tirada de rodillas buscando el encuadre mientras alrededor me trataban de vender souvenires !!!Beautiful shot!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Gracias !!!! mi segundo explore !!!!
gracias a todos !!!
Thanks a lot !!!!No se si el icono es la torre eiffel o la foto en si...wow que bella toma me encanto la perspectiva de la fotografia fantastica la tonalidad precisa . FelicidadesInteresting door closer! Great eye!!!oh c joli, ça raconte une drôle d'histoire
en plus la lumière est bellevery nice!the light, shadow and colour are crazy. fabulous photo.Il suffit de le savoir... ;o)
En même temps, les barrières n'ont de sens que pour ceux qui veulent clore leurs portes...Etonnant cette façon qu'on a tous de marquer notre propriété.Belle lumière et texture sur cette très originale porte.Love the colours of the curtain and the texture of the house!!Beautiful photo...I agree completely with the above comment ^Belle saisie!...il n'y a sûrement pas grand'chose à &quot;emprunter&quot;... :-)Interesting culture. I like the texture.Une récompense personnelle!
A Personal Award!



WOW! Splendide photographie!
WOW! Triple coup de coeur!
Wow! Wonderfull picture! Stunning shot!
I give you three hearts for this picture! wonderful patterns!oh,...those cracked patterns seemed so strange but...cool!Great shot ... and lovely colors!

Seen on FluidrBeautiful shot!A wonderful door, good eye.Et dire que nos édiles veulent nous ficher des caméras de surveillance partout et nous incitent à nous barricader... Où avons nous loupé une marche?Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.on avancerait si on pouvait faire .. ça !!! d'accord avec Ganymede 
j'aime beaucoup cette photo !!! elle est  trop belle !..superbeWow!  Congrats on Explore.Superbewww.flickr.com/groups/carrefrancais/pool/

Love that !passage barricadé mais si attirant. As-tu soulevé le rideau?круто круто круто!!! respect!c'est clair faut pas entrer...Amazing!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Wonderful composition with wonderful light!Sweeet!really nice light and great b&amp;wNiceWOAH!  That's pretty incredible lighting.Well, you've done it again...! Love the God-rays . . .Beautiful!Excellent !!!that light is fantastic.  Love it in b/wAwesome light capture!merveilleuxYes, the Alta and Coastal tail sections of the Bay Area Ridge trail boast some very nice views.  You might also like views from the the Hoo-Koo-E-Koo trail in the Baltimore Canyon Preserve in the hills above Larkspur.Excellent B&amp;W, great light and composition.stunning photo, great work.Nice! 8)Great capture, love the sunrays !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I like the silhouette and the great colors.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Amazing!Superbly acomplished black and white. Awesome composition. Thanks for sharing!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Sensational as always, a superb image with a remarkable result.


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images


 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.


Awesome shot!!
Please add this cool image to :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Those light rays are wild.  Just goes to show that mid-day light can work nicely sometimes.bellissima luce!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very nice!you did an amazing job with them. the simplicity is perfect and really showcases everything heather did. so many blocks i see try to cram too many prints into one block. yours are perfect.i could not love this more.  this is so lovely.That's so lovely!phe-nom-i-nal
amazing
super duper amazing.
I am in LOVE!Thanks everyone!yes - i am so loving all your munki blocks. so simple and clean. i may just have to copy you (I'm still not sure what i'm going to do with all my munki).:) a real faberge of yours , brandford !This is still not in my contacts page, just dropped in to say I like the new icon !!

Looks great !Gorgeous Wiork, congrats!Very nice shot!
Great work!now thats a hard boiled egg... a million years in the making... ;-)Genesis 1:21 - And God created great whales, and every living creature that moves which the waters brought forth, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that this was good. 

So you see the chicken came first....lol

Great shothard boiled creativity.  Well done, Randi.LooGorgeous work , great polish on the stone !Lovely rich colour, will look at your tutorials when I have time.Makes me think of Alien and the pods with all the baby aliens in, and the really big odd shaped heads! Fantastic detail, as ever.Superb lighting and great subject.Beautiful and shiny egg and Superb work Randi....I wonder if the question of egg or chicken will ever be answered !I'm going to try some tabletop shots with your tutorials...thanks for the wonderful photos to view and for the info to learn by!I'm so amazed by your professional approach my friend !great shot and clever title! LOLThanks for the tutorial. I like the way this turned out. I have a couple of stone eggs around. Maybe I'll see what I can do with them.Glad to hear the shoulder is coming along!

Those reflections are awesome! It's my favorite part of the photo.great advice about the mineral oil for any shooting, something that I am noting, not that I do this kind of work but you never know, fine light here!You have really mastered lighting technique.... great work!great picture, funny comment :)Excellent composition.


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with Brilliant-Eye-Jewel*.


Seen in &quot;MY CONTACTS page&quot;.I'll take mine over easy.
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )Now that's downright gorgeous!very cool shot!  one of these days I'm going to give some of your tips a try - thank you for sharing your technique!  beautiful work...Randi, very nice work.excellent lighting and detailsGreat colors in the flooring and the egg. 
So did The Easter Bunny bring you the egg?Love the tips.  Beautifully done.Very nicely done.Egg..cellent  work ... sorry, couldn't resist ;-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful......Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Crazy and Geniuses of Flickr - Digital Artists Only - , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty First (Post 1, Award 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic shot!This beautiful photo was seen in

 Beauty First Very nice... a superb capture !!Wonderfully rich colour and clarity.  Nicely done. :-)Beautiful sheen and color on the stone. You have such great props, and you always bring out the best in them in your amazing images!!...way cool... :-)Stunning image! Wishing you a nice evening, my friend!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful simplicity!Outstanding image, nicely shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Con formas simples, riqueza en las texturas, y una brilante luz, se logran atrayentes imágenes como la presente... ¡Fantástica!
Saludos.Reflections slightly off centre - or barely enough off - but beautifully done nevertheless!CB 37 beat me to it for the Egg-cellent comment...and you got the 'Petrified' one...just darn good!wonderful capturegreat huh randy, i wish to set up a small studio... this is perfect!Brilliantbeautiful. looks like a little marsSweet lighting!  Well done!`fa6ooma♥♥__♥Well Doneamazing :)♥3jeeeba &lt;3amazing shot,,!
lovely bokeh,..Waawe'zmolto bella,complimenti.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


Wow, This is


Please add your photo to So Beautiful (Invite only)BEAUTIFUL !
scared*Pure Green ,, ^^Where ?
&lt;3 IT 
FAV 
COMENT ME &amp; NOTE
Me too XDgreat shot ! =)nice edit..&lt;3&lt;3 quite and softL o v e l y ;***
...Youm shftch mnzlt'ha z3llt ;p b3dain youm dsheet w shft my name 9rt che :DDD ;p
Thanks alot sweetness &lt;3 el9oora 7lwa just like u F ;*8reat ,,loved it&lt;3;***Green &lt;3333 :*nicely done &lt;3So lovely7lw el green :) &lt;3 itallla &lt;3aww i'm in love with your new buddy icon&lt;3bela.......Lovely texture and bokeh! Lovely &lt;3DewDrop
thaanks ;***niiiiiiice piiiiiiiiic ~

comment me plzzzz ~وآآو روعه وربي
حبييت ألوآنهآ ، وآلبوكيه شي ثآنيْ 
أبدعتي وربيْ :‘ 
فآف أكيييد ‘ Niiiice Walla ;D
Nice flllla ;p
Faveloved the words &lt;33lovely green colour &lt;3
and the edit rox (y) :Dsweet sweet bokeh! Niice pic ..

comment me 

www.flickr.com/photos/mr-7amooody/4345764741/kl shai fil 9ora hndi *_* fav bs fav ya hndia &lt;3Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~Pretty bokeeh &amp; edit dear :D
Well done ..thank u allYaa Fnanaa ;)
Alpiiic (Y) ♥♥♥nice allaay niice ;* 
7baaiit elbokeh&lt;3
w elediit (y) ;)
Loove uu :* very nice :)El green (Y)
♥♥al.Words &lt;3;**اتجننBeautiful bokeh ♥

wonderful

7bbaait'ha &lt;33Sweet &lt;3Very nice bokeh :)such pretty colors m! 
... I guess we all go through stages. most of the times  my 'ruts' seem to be my creative's side way of taking a break and recharging just to come out of it with fresh perspectives.
you are a lady with many, many talentsLove, love, love!!!!! Everything is perfect!well this is lovely triptych and i hope you come back soon!awww everyone feels like that sometimes machel, dont stress it..take a tiny break..a big one we wont allow haha..  just wait soon it will be spring and we all be out of the rut for good.. i hope !!!I'm in a rut, too - it must be this time of year - this is so lovely though - i love poka dots and buttons - fabulous combination :) !!!!!!!!!Wow, great colors, and love the photos in combination!ps i adore the colors and your abiliity to be so crafty and sewing is such a beautiful thing, i wanna learn it ... have a really good mashine and hardly used it yet, my mum used to make me great costumes when i was little too :)))Snap outa it.. kidding, we all go into the rut sometimes. No worries.. =]brilliantCircles everywhere! =)  Gorgeous colors together.  This makes a very nice triptych.  

I think the mind uses this time of year to renew itself and that's why so many people (ME!) end up feeling burned out.I seem to be in the same &quot;rut&quot;.  I think it is just the time of the year.  However, this does not look like a &quot;rut&quot; to me.  It is very creative and I love all of the colors.I can only wish that my ruts looked this fantastic!  I felt the same way today too...and we must have been on the same wavelength...today was button's for me...

your work is beautiful M...you will always see beauty and as a result...so will we xoAwww....we all get like that from time to time!
Enjoy the mini break or give yourself a challenge..a mini project instead.  :)

Love this shot though..such fun colours!gorgeous funk ;) love all the bokehI love the layout. Fantastic colors. Beautiful!I love this colourful collage!  I know what you mean about being in a rut, I'm in a large one!!  LOL!These colors are awesome.
And this picture... well its great :) I love everything about it.Very nice!me too:(
RUTTTTT!

but these colors in this collage have given me an idea! THANK  YOU HONEY!

the long days of winter are hard for me.. your work makes me happy!so fun!  love all these colors!  i used to sew A LOT but got impatient with the amount of time involved :(Gorgeous!Machel my dear friend even though you feel in a rut, trust me your mojo is with you and your images continue to inspire every single day!!!
This collage is beautiful, that material is beautiful, all presented in your unique way, such talent my dear!!! :0}
Big hugsThis is so pretty!
I love all of the colors and 
you made everything 
even prettier by the way you 
photographed it
SI totally love this photo - the colours - the collection - the bokeh :D instant fave

Pleeeeease don't get stuck in a rut  - I need your photostream :Dwow
Wonderful composition and light...Your rut sure did produce a beautiful image!  So colorful and well put together.  And of course your wonderful bokeh!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)It's the winter doldrums - - we all go thru it, Machel!  I call it Floral Deprivation Syndrome, so had to buy some flowers to brighten my soul and my viewfinder!!
This is a beautiful threesome...love your creativity even when you're in a rut!!  Be well!Boy, I wish my &quot;rut&quot; would produce something like this... This is really beautifully done, great colors and bokeh!I love this - I am sewing today too - learning how to machine quilt!How absolutely beautiful!
Fantastic colours!How come your rut looks like art to me!!
I hope you feel better about it too..I understand..I think we all go thru times..where..what is the point?? That is what I think sometimes..
But you are so inspiring..and let yourself take a tiny break if need be..
How cool .that you can sew and make things..Really delightful collage.  Wonderful combination of colors and the components of sewing.  
I must have found the same rut...  But I have been stuck in it for awhile longer...   :-(i like to think of my rut as, needing time to recharge, and rejuvinate.  This is gorgeous. I am into making tableclothes and placemats at the moment. i made some cute oil cloth covers for my patio furniture.  it's so cute.  Enjoy your break.Yah, I wish MY ruts were this pretty!! LOVE these pics!! The fabric is sooo cute! The threads are SO pretty and soft, and what cute buttons!! Fun! All with Machel bokeh! Helloooo?!?!?! You're still fabulous, sorry to burst your bubble. ;Pa great collection!  I can't sew.... :-(  I think it's such a gift if you can! and what a great picture while being not inspired! :-0This is a lovely photo, I love the split shots go so well togther. Great bokeh!pretty!!  We all get into ruts..especially this time of year.this is beautiful and so creative
Just take your time. We all need that
and we need youThis is so beautiful! Love all the colors!Gorgeous rut but :-)i used to love polka dots...i used to collect polka dotted shirt. 

Remember the character from Harvey Comics...Dot :)I love the colours here! amazing work!I love sewing as well--this is terrific!It this was what my stuff looked like when I was in a rut, I wouldn't want to get out! Loove this Machel! Such beautiful colors and light. I love to sew too, I haven't been at it as much as I would like. Maybe I need to get off flickr and make some stuff.;-)This is so beautiful Machel! I love those polka dot fabrics and the bokeh in the shots. :) Perfect! Sewing is so much fun, I wish I could do it more and could practice more often (I'm a bit rusty). :-) Have a great week!I LOVE THIS ONE MACHEL!!! I wish I could sew. Unfortunately I am not very gifted on that department ahhafantasticEverybody gets into the moods at one time or another. I wish I could sew. I can barely so a button! Love the polka-dot fabric, it looks so fun! :)This is a very interesting shot for someone who feels as though they are in a rut.  It is very well composed and presented.  Great colours.Viewing this lovely shot, I would have never imagined you were in a rut. I love the mosaic of beautiful pics and such amazing colors....I am totally inept when it comes to sewing....I made an apron in Jr High...but that was about it.You didn't visit my 'shrooms:(such a gorgeous collage!
sorry you are feeling like you are in a rut. your photos don't show it...
hugs. feel better soon.You are a wonderful mum!  I hope you regain your mojo soon. xlove all the colours and patterns here Machel! Great combo!Beautiful!!  I use to sew ALL Lis' clothes, doll clothes to match, etc.- so much fun!!!  Sorry you feel like you're in a rut - that's not fun!!  I wish I had &quot;time&quot; to shoot - it's just not there!!!  Every week I think, ok - it's gonna get better - but then I get a priority case and that thought goes out the window!!  Oh well, I am really thankful to have a job - and one I really love too!catching up w/ my favorite peeps after a sick week ...

LOVE this!! love those fabrics so so much!
my picture today is a stack of fabrics, too - great minds ... ;)
i can't tell you're in a rut - your pictures are all still darn amazing.Gorgeous photo!!
I see lots of inspiration there!!i love the colors in your material

i totally understand the rut. this winter weather is not helping. have a good evening M

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)~m, these are fantastic colors. Love the mosaic!!!! 
I know this feeling~!~!;p  xoxo
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Does not look like you are in any rut by the looks of this wonderful image. All the loveliness of home,threads,buttons,fabric...sweet!!!Such amazing and vibrant color, Machel.  A favorite!Awesome color and bokeh!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome bokeh :)If this is a rut, make room for me, LOL!  I think
we all understand--Flickr can be such a blast; but
when the mo-jo, go-goes--it's rough.  Love this
one, m--I used to sew a lot when I was younger.
There are so many cool patterns and the fabric
you can buy these days is amazing!beautiful shot; a flickr break is often time well spent! Don't worry about us; we'll be here when you're in the mood ;))I must say... this is a pretty amazing rutwe all go through those creativity &quot;ruts&quot; m!! i know you'll come out of it after awhile!! i LOVE this storyboard!! such beautiful colors!!such gorgeous color and a lovely trio of images....❤❤❤  Hang on dear friend....as my Mother used to tell me....this too shall pass {{{Hugs}}}Oh but diversifying is absolutely necessary for all of us.  
I am back to painting as from this Saturday and spending more time at work. So my time is pretty limited as well. Right this moment I am in my depth with updating the art society webpage.

Hey, I posted you a mushy today LOL.
Now go and enjoy your sewing. Put on some great music and have a nice cuppa.  Think of lovely happy thoughts and bingo...Bob's your uncle.  Well that is what they say in Oz.Absolutely gorgeous, such a perfect triptych!!Love love LOVE the bokeh in the shot on the left.sorry you're in a rut.....well you rut pics.....are gorgeous!! I always love your shots.......they always have awesome bokeh!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous Machel!This is a nice little set! Very sweet.What do I do when being in the rut is the norm? LOL.  Rut or not, great shot.  Nice spools there :-DHi, I'm an admin for a group called HULYA CRAFT GROUP, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love, love, love!!!!totally in love with it .!!!:):)
great job .!! And nice colors :)what a great collage ~m...
beautiful colors~
and we all get in a rut here and there...
all I have is white...and it is snowing again...
I tagged you~ go take a picture of yourself!~hugs

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow, gorgeous color combinations - this gives me a lot of inspiration! Beautiful triptych ♥Your ruts are still amazingly creative!  I think you'd be creative in your sleep, Machel!!  Hope you're taking some time to relax!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PIONEER IN CREATIVITY - Only Invited Photos - 1 post 2 comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!these are great!  I was in that same rut a month or so ago - don't worry! You'll get out of it!well Machel, i really love this, its just something different and i must say..delightful! We all feel that way from time to time, it will passhow much of that fabric to do you have?
im having my son in 9 days and those fabrics are AWESOME. if i asked you to make me a blanket out of them how much would you charge me? im anemic so im cold all the time and blankets are my favorite thing ever..Such pretty colors!  I wish I could sew ..but can't..a few things I have attempted in my life...somehow after they were stitched together they got smaller &amp; did not fit...:_)Cool triptych! My mom taught me to sew when I was a boy - I agree about being able to create something, it is very rewarding.

Sorry you are in a rut, I go in and out of them all the time ;)well your rut sure is beautiful!!  I really want to learn how to sew...that's so cool that you do.  I love the colors and light here..you put it together beautifully, it really tells a story.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome color !!!this is sooo beautiful!!!
i feel that way about photos sometimes...

it definitely goes away :)
peaks and valleys my friendI love the colors here Machel!  and the light..gr8 composition!i'm not so good at sewing :(
this is truely life we need, beautiful bokeh.. love your work!  :)everyone goes through ruts. . .I am in a photo slump myself right now as well. I thought I would have no competition over here + get a lot of gigs, but it's the total opposite. . . well, there isn't another photog like me on base, but people just aren't interested + I dunno how to market myself. ANY WAYS! 

knowing you M, I know you will come out of this soon! this photo is a beauty! excellent colors + fun patterns. total eye candy!Creative and gorgeous!! I hope you were able to enjoy the last two beautiful days! I went to the arboretum and found one of the rhodies I usually shoot in LATE Feb was already blooming! Will post one tomorrow. Spring is nearly here – that will help get you inspired! Have a lovely rest of the week, my friend, and don't worry! xo – gHi, I'm an admin for a group called 50+ FAVORITES[Post 1: Award 3], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love it!lovely pic, nice tones and coloursGorgeous!beautiful colors and composition! cheers!I'm sorry to hear about your &quot;rut&quot; :(... I miss you!! xoxoEven you're in rut, your images came out so beautiful.  Your creativity never ends. You're a lady with many talents Machel. So envious of you. 

Love the collage! Gorgeous colors and light!

This is beautiful........ the colors are wonderful!!! Just love it..greatly put together! this is too cute! so colorful and bokeh-y

=]nice colours!I just love this trippy! Great colours and bokeh. I love to sew too, when I get the time.Love the bright colors.Beautiful dip. I love all these colors.lovely lovely collage!beautiful colors so nice

really amazinglooks like your rut went away- this is beautiful- and congrats on ExploreI love the colors on these!Fantastic textures. I love this compilation of bokeh-fied sewing-related imagery.
I can relate regarding ruts...I am in and out of them before you can blink. Ahhh, the trials and tribulations of the creative process!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Absolutely beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!Amazing focus and bokeh!Nicely done!Superb shot...........lovely colours and bokeh!Fantastic collection Machel! If your rut continues to produce shots like this I'll be delighted!! Just kidding - hope you feel inspired again soon:)i love the way you bring us in so intimately to your world, machel.  it's that magic that you do.  xokali ni agak jauh sikit le.. hmm tapi you're  still the best lah..Bro mmg hebat la boleh dapat focus mata dia...So different! Great macro, my friend!

HugsHi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1025148@N24/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!:) a happy Tuesday to you too, Tank :)

your macro is always fantastic ;)Very nice...................Mikelooks cool..
great shotVery nice.

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us!Wahhh...dahsyat betul laa...awesome shot...
well done brolawo sokmo makro tank ..nims..cantik..hehe..tahniahNice nice nice
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )cool shot
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Posisi yang menarik. Great capture. Salambeautiful jumper..detail ni banghaa haa haa - it really looks as if it is slowly sliding downwards

superb macro !!Ready to pounce!!!! Great capture!!!!Wow ExcellentWOW! I hope you have these printed and hanging on the wall, cause that's where they should be!cantik!!!!!!!!!!!!!tu dia... mantap bro.you are the best macro shooter here, no exceptions.Awesome Shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)a macro dream, the perfection of details, thanks to the great sharpness make it perfect, excellentReally beautiful job, inspiring for me.
Congratulations.

Buen macro saludosNice one Tank!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PHYSIS ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY*** -post1/comment2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!--
This wonderful photo was seen in the:

PHYSIS ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***-post1/comment2

Please tag your photos with “PHYSIS&quot;
--
Seen in the group&quot;PHYSIS ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY*** -post1/comment2&quot; ( ?² )wow, Tank, sorry again, bro... just can access this time...EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

Visita sus fotosThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThis photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Nice lighting lah bro. Very well doneLovely capture  !!! Loved it !!This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Photo Lovers(Post.2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Wonderful macro with great details.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Awesome shot, congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)congrats tank....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Strange BUGS!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Youth Are United!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love your work..  Congrats!Nwaf
AH
CRAZYO
GIVENCHY Cuttttte :Dفديته يهبل 
ايه عيله يسلملي ^^

=)OMG...OMG!!!
ya fdeeet aly 5Lony al 3rd
a7bhm ana ya fdeeet 8lbch 
my M 
ya lba ro7ch 

м n м α n α ♥غيرك انا ماشوف
(L)

Fdeeet al model cute 
faav l3yonch w 3yona 
pPماشاء الله علييه 
اينن 
الله يخليه لكم يارب =)ااياااااااااااااااااااااا علييييييييييييييييييييييه 
الله يحفضههه 
سووووووووووووووووو نايس ماي فررررند
لوووف يوووووو___
Cute Mashalla
Well Done &amp; Black w Al White ( Y )A.M.E ; thanx
Mashallah .. 
3waaafi =)

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ    mashalla cute 
c.mفديته غنوم وحشني
ربي يحفظه
فيييف
يعطيج العافيه mnmana
7beebi :***
God Bless Him &lt;3;*Mashala tbarak ilRa7man :**&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3mashalla :&quot;) Fdeeeetaah &lt;3&lt;3Fdeeetah 7yatii Mashallaa 3aleeeh Allah y7f`6h &lt;333_AmazingMashalla ;*Mashalla cuteness *L*حياكم ^^Mashala ;**
Big Big Kiss'sthanx7abeebe:*
mashaala
Cute Fdeth :**
niCe piC ~

keep Going ~Waaay Fdeeeth '3aaanm Cute Mashallaa
 Rbbii Y7meeeh  ;** &lt;33
Fave Ljl 3yOonh L.jmeelanice 

fav 

raw3ail.1st ;$
'3anim :O &lt;3333
7beby :**
Mashallah
faved♥7yatiiiiiiiiiiii Mnmana You are my life, Thank you for Reserved
lba 8ulbiiich anah ya b3dhoum klhoum innnttee j3lni ma at5la mnich fe youm (h5)♥♥ iloveyou ya 8mmmmmmmr (L)
Did you know that I can not I live without U God =\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
Love you so much walllla walllla =\\
مــن اڷڷـي فـي هًـذآ اڷـڪوٍن مـآحـبڪ

Ummmwaaaaaaaaa77’zz 

Ummmwaaaaaaaaa77’zz 

♥

..   




lovely ~



comment me plZ
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasmah/4340448596/]
       FDiiiiiT MY love
&lt;333
umaaa7 7baabeeee
&lt;3333شهاني :(Mashalla ~fdet ro7ha walla
mshalla 3leha 
i like !t 
keep !t upCutee Mashalla
Thbll Rabii Y7f'9haa 
Well Taken ,,
Keep Going sweety ,, xD

Amazing 
anna  alfiirst 
Raaaw3a fdeet aly 7ajzeen ly 

كـلها ساعات واسافر&lt;3__&lt;3!
mashallah

Allah ya7f'ah

comment me

mashallah ;)THANXALLM n o r e n

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 it

مآآشاءالله عليه الله يحفظه ويخليه لكم أن شاءالله ,’’ فييه العآآفيهWhat an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.&lt;3it❤   
keep it up❤   
comment me plz❤Cute Mashalla

comment me..☆~ИIČЄ P!Č~☆..

..☆~ČØMmЄИT mЄ PŁZ~☆..mashalla cut
nice pic
keep it going
&lt;3 it 
coment me plz ....mashallahthanx allMashalla &lt;33

A7bCh [k][k] . . NOFA ; yalbeeh &lt;3el photoooo 7eeeeeelwa wayed 
el idea atjnnnn ;* love yooooouhKROZA ; &lt;3333333333333333 BNT 3moo al 7lwa




Mashallah ,~ 
Allah y7f`6a  (K) 



thanx

Mashallaaah :*t h a n x FaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaavV *`  مـآآ شأء الـله عليـهthanx ;D mnoOrhSo Beauteful
Comment Me-thanx bOthmashalla , fave 7beebti ;$cute mashallathanxxxx



mashalla  ♥ 




thanx................&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3..........................&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0
...........&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0............&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0
.....&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0....&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0 &lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0
...&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0 &lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3 &lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0
.&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3
&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3
&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3
..&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3
.....&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3
............&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3
....................&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt; 0&lt;3
..............................&lt;3&lt;0&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3
.......................................&lt; 3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3
........................................... ...&lt;3&lt;0&lt;3&lt;0
........................................... .........&lt;3&lt;0
........................................... ...............&lt;3Love and Music!  Song Of The Heart! Nice capture. I love the focus and how the bokeh looks. Nicely done.What a great photo! I love the DOF.love how you combined the hearts and sheet music. nice workOh my~ love, music &amp; chocolate, that sums up life so nicely!! 
Just beautiful!!beautiful sparkly bokeh &amp; love it with the music background :)Simply stunning...love the dof and the sparkly bokeh, and the musical note background is fabulous!!Yum...especially that bokeh!!!  Great shot!This is exquisitely bokeh filled, and so creative. It captures how I feel at my core about chocolate... full of love and soul music!Yummy bokeh ... love the composition and that lovely dof!Pretty - lovely DoF

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)the bokeh is awesome.......lovely dof!!!Your DoFs are always amazing. I love the red bokeh here..So pretty!  I love the red hearts and all that great bokeh!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)cool bokeh.I love the colors, the touch of red, and how the chocolate goes from perfectly focused to almost becoming insubstantial. Great concept!Beautiful composition... and Sam and Ruby are so cute!  Thank you for sharing, and hope your week has started out filled with lots of love, too!Gorgeous bokeh!  I love this!Great composition Amy. The trail of hearts have a nice sparkle to them. I look forward to hearing the music.gorgeous reds and wonderful red bokeh ::))oh so beautiful, Amy....
....hearts and music..wow!Wow ... beautiful hearts
and hearts + music ... awesomeSo melodically beautiful...the tight POV, stellar framing, shimmering bokeh and vibrant reds...all wonderful!

PS: My wife loves the new Sam &amp; Ruby CD...she played it on repeat the entire 5-hour flight home from SF the other night. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No Flowers Challenge - NEW CONTEST&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LOVE is the theme, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is amazingly lovely - love the foil in red!Beautiful colors and bokeh!amy!! such a feel-good photo ...
and the sam &amp; ruby music ...
the harmony is crazy good
from this darling duo!!  xxHow very timely and appropriate! Excellent shot - deserves explore on valentines day!awesome imageI got taken away with the music &amp; forgot too come back
beautiful image!!Your bokeh is always stunning! I hope your week is fill with lots of love!Gorgeous composition and detail.  Love the DOF!very cool, and love the bokeh.Beautiful color &amp; bokeh! So pretty!Fantastic and most beautiful blur!Beautiful dof &amp; bokeh!Love love love this!! great job! Love the DoF!!! and the RED


This beautiful photograph was seen in the 
No Flowers Challenge. Monthly contest - &quot;LOVE&quot;Great dof and bokeh!Wow!  Love it!Fab capture!I love you and have missed you.  Welcome to 2010 CG.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This is fab, the textures, line and colour.  I really like itI love this abstract version. The colours are great!What a fab building!This is fab, love the colours.Great capture. Love the sky too.

--
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010  (?)Love the contrasting colours.The first of many, I hope!wow..very nice
Your photo deserves another SILVER Color Photo Award trophy

Color Photo Award - SILVERThis is a phenomenal image.  Colours are sublime.great job! love the textures of course!Awww, poor little thing!  I love this image.  You composition is great and I really like seeing the falling snow.  Nice texture too.  I have really enjoyed watching my birds in the snow.  But I haven't managed to get very good shots of them.  This one is great.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Really niceMagical!!! I love everything about itAaaaw poor little thing!!! But it sure makes for a beautiful shot!this is incredible! Seriously Incredible! WOW!!Loved it from the moment I saw the icon. This is so pretty!Really cute:) Love the snow on background!Very beautiful Kristen! wonderful textures.omgosh i love this!!!!!! great capture!!!!! the tones are wonderful and i just love that bird!PLEASE, POST YOUR SUPREME PHOTO  IN:

 ₪ NATURE SANCTUARY ₪ (Add 1 ~ Award 2) 
Award other photos within the first 2 pages! we see a lot of that puffed up look here in Fairbanks.  nice shot.Gorgeous! I love how you focused on the bird, but got the snow falling, too! So pretty.Brrrrrrr...poor little puffed up thing!! This is just beautiful!  m-WOW!!!!!!!How beautiful!! Winder snow bird!!! Lovely shot!Aww, this is so sweet, Kristen.  A favorite.  :)gorgeous tonesfreakin' FABULOUS!!  love, LOVE, love, LOVE this!!This is beautiful, Kristen!  love the falling snow.oh just beautiful !this is absolutely beautiful kristen! lovely.Beautiful image  -- so lovely!this is awesome! I love the flutter of the snowflakes. very pretty and wintery :)So sweet! I wish I could get a good bird shot...for some reason I don't have the patience! :) I love your nature shots, the processing is always so beautiful!absolutely amazing!Gorgeous, Kristen!love this! I want so bad to get less busy and get out and get some animal shots this winter... but  I'm not sure how well ill handle the cold! haAbsolutely love it!!Gorgeous tones!so very pretty~ beautiful tonesAwwh...poor little guy... great shot.Brrrrr is what I'm sure he's saying!  We are finally getting the snow, too!So peaceful and lovely! Gorgeous capture, my friend!Beautiful capture!Once again, the tones are simply gorgeous and that little bird is so cute.  I love this one.   So peaceful and serene looking.This is really nice - I like the slight greenish-gray hue to the bokeh. I also really like how you captured to snowflakes. Wonderful!oooooh i really do love this!!! what a gorgeous bird!Poor little guy! Good thing he has all those feathers. 
Beautiful shot!!!Beautiful shot of the sparrow in the snow! Nice job capturing the falling snow..Poor little birdie looks so cold Kristen - lovely shot. Congratulations, #373 on Explore.Amazing! Love it.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Schweeet!WOW!jesus h christ, top notchfucking A!!!


; ))well goodLove it!Super.sweet peasjust swellstyle for milesintensebleurk, that is sick!ee trueThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.well bizzehillGroovy...Siiickgreat artworkMashalla is must !!etjnn el-shot ;*
missed you &lt;'3;'''(a7bhaa mooot



miss you ...K*a7bbbk~niicenice one sweeti :)mashalla ,,
miss u :(&lt;3thanks all ;)Beautiful &lt;3FAVNiCe Walla ;$mashalla ;)
7abet  al2btsama &lt;3
fav[ 9 -2 ] &quot;
nice futaimz ' Fav 

Nice one

fav*like it  *:*N!ce
Cute
Keep it fOO8
Love you
&lt;33thanks alot56eeera3jeeeeb7 alsoor7

&lt;3sony &lt;333 beutiful taken (Y)van cleef &lt;3
sony &lt;3onek din por 1st hoilam.... :D

chobitay fav.... &nbsp; ~KaKTaRuA~:  :DKhobe shundor akta chobe !! Nice colour &amp; composition.My Goodness!.... 
Impressed at first sight!.... 
Khubi shundor... maratton tone! 

Shudhui Bangla -y dekhechi.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called los últimos románticos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


fabulosa!!!I will say that this frame has no blank space. Awesome. Ki light . The tree just disected the frame.Well seen and captured..
Light is awesome my friend..very well composedgood frame..nice work...............Perfect compo, nice light on the background which almost looks like a texture...She made you wait!Wonderful composed.Stunning processing Aftab bhai...!!wonderfulis she is late?? or new leaves &amp; flower will bloom now again?fantastic and 'aftabic' - love the shotExcellentthis is Awesome broNicenice composition.stunning and great composition as wellThis is a very cool image.marattok!!!!!!!!!!Lovely.inquietante e suggestiva!

;-)&lt;3nicely done baiWow!! Impeccable Framing &amp; kick-ass Tone!

P.S. Did someone really come? just wow!!incredible light and composition. aar lekha tao khub bhalo..durdantomarvellous tone &amp; capture...........awesomechomotkar!!!nicely taken ~nice nice nice processing and grainy background...


bahudin por abar elum bhai.. 
Ebare ekta DSLR e kinlum.. EOS 450D

Dekhlum, kichui bodlay ni.. apni ager moton e aamake mone rekhechhen.. :) bhule jan ni...

kemon achhen bhai?honestly bhaia...while visiting ur stream i have to remind myself how to breathe! 
the frame is so simply speial! tone ar lighting!..just WoW!Interesting light effect, beautiful composition.Very good capture, excelent background and perfect light.sheirokom artistic.........!!!

by the way, who came? -_-WOW, like the colors and the works done with it ! Nice one !!you are definitely simplicity king ... love th tone &amp; isolated subjectvery well composed, great job!intereeeesting
just a little of grain, of noise.. why? on post production?Great composition!pleasing shapesLooks like studio work! Great title!abar ask kori, kono shukhabr ase naki aftab bhai =pgreat &nbsp; Saidur:  khbor achhey, kintu too early to say shukhobor =)But with her coming also a stillness so delicate none dared breathe, for fear of shattering the moment.wow...... what a processing.superbVery Beautiful &amp; lovelyso majestic!I like the tone and lighting (is the latter processed?), it's pretty neat.Wonderful shot and composition. Seems like a painting.Very nice picture....awesome. just amazing, actually speechless. countless fav from me.........Interesting shot =) Like it
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I dont know when I can capture like u...Beautiful.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.etau bapok :)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)majestic!Superb image!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Buena composicionstrongMagnífica composición, las texturas y tonalidades me gusta mucho y sobre todo el misterioso personaje de la izquierda...; el 3º hombre ? Buen trabajo !
Saludos..un Chagall? 
je ne crois pas, en tout cas, magnifiqueUne photo extraordinaire, l'idée, la composition et la réalisation sont top! J'aime plus que beaucoup!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe PHOTOPOESIE / FOTOPOESIA / PHOTOPOETRY , et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

bien, dans ton style
toujours aux aguets
discrète
(interdit, hein, de photographier dans les musées...)great processing and treatment! looks fantastic!mais que'est ce qu'il fait le bon homme en regardant l'andoille
(ueps!, pardon pour mon français, je crois que je voulais dire la douille:)
sur le coin...?

**Que fait Hitchcock au Louvre ?
Très chouette cette scène en N&amp;B, j'aime beaucoup !
;-))
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Oui,vraiment chouette.
J'aime.amazing composition and textures!So wonderful. Love the balance of black and white and the grainy effect, just beautiful.wonderful!!Est ce que c'est Modigliani sur le mur? J'aime beaucoup la silhouette noire et l'atmosphere qui se degage de ta photo :)Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Decisive Moments... Classics in B&amp;W, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

500x500
...we like to see your
interesting square photo
in our group 500x500!!! .this has impact.Superb composition and processing!A silence room...
Nice b&amp;wGreat hatman!Un très beau cliché. Très bien réussiche foto !!Très belle composition...J'y étais l'autre jour , j'ai bien aimé , j'avais un mal de crane , je n'ai pas pu tout faire , a refaire !!!
ta photo est belle , les gens croient toujours qu'ils sont génants quand ils passent devant moi j adore !!!love work like thisUne composition d'enfer de la mort qui tue Nadia.
Tout comme le traitement.
Une perle !!!Une superbe compositionAmazing shot. Great post processing. I like the reflctions in the floor.Watching the watchers - good framing with one entering and one about to leave...Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Thank you for these photos (Invited Photos), et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Great.This excellent photo was seen in

Thank you for these photosLove this!I need time to talk about your photos;
the first time I see that I have some doubt,
but the second I think they are masterpieces...
I can't explain in english...atmospheric and shadows are magnificent :-Dmuy buena..impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!I love the noir character on the left ..... and how the painting seems to be screaming to watch out for him ...... excellent museum story and intrigue :))Magritte en visite chez un collège ? :))Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe No Manipulation, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !géniale cette composition
continueI just LOVE yr shots...Merci, many thanks to all !!! :)

Catherine, j'ai honte j'suis pas capable de te le confirmer :(

@alFB&amp;W : Some doubt... :)
Grazie mille, you can comment in italian :)Ripresa fotografica dalla bella composizione  dove si  notato curati sia il bilanciamento del bianco che la ottima restituzione dei toni. Gradevole l'effetto movimento dei personaggi

Appropriata è l’applicazione di un particolare timbro cromatico  appositamente impostato  con magnifiche campiture di toni che hanno dato una forte impronta al fotogramma.

Complimenti per l’ottima immagine ottenuta nella quale l’ottimo bilanciamento tonale accompagnato da una bellissima nitidezza e l’ottima risoluzione ha restituito una piacevolissima immagine. 

Complimenti per la gradevolissima fotoGrazie mille per questo bel commento!!Adorable - and we are expecting some more snow this evening, more for Maple!:))I have to admit I like your close-ups of Maple, best. Nice tongue action, there.Better than a flavored icey!TOO cute!!!!

We'd be more then happy to give you some of ours! 2 feet and getting another foot tonight! Grr.... I don't like snow!Maple Taffy on the snow - pure Canadian treat!Maple Taffy ~ haven't had that since forever!

Cute photo of Maple, Great photos from your new camera.So adorable!Your a cheeky boy there Maple  ( i do agree though)Hahahahah.  Hahahaha.  Hahahhhahahahahahahaahhhhhhahahah.  Hahahahahaahahaha.  Hahahahah

Guess what?


hahahahahaha!

I love Maple, Mary, my day is now made! LOL!! I can almost hear you laughing! :-)

I'm off to pick up my sweet boy at the groomer's. He's going to look a lot different in the next pic!
:-)He looks great and full of character!
Waiting to see his post-groom shots :)num num num snowYou wear it well, Maple!LMAO!!  too funny!
this winter has sucked for snow, supposed to have lots tonight and tomorrow..won't believe it until i see it though.:O)) Love it 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love that pink tongueThis is hilarious Mary!! I love it!This is SOOOO cute Mary!!!We don't really have snow here this winter , I even shaved my beard , 

Fav+++great fun, great picture. 
I have seen your wonderful photo in I LOVE MY POODLE! 
&amp; have brought you a reward for being so good!Nice and funny pic.That Maple looks like a rascal.   Love the close up work and he really seems to be enjoying his snow.   Nothing more fun than watching a dog have a really good time.That  is funny Maple !!
 Ho w do you make maple taffy snow? Think I had it when I was a little girl.HA HA HA HA HA!  
This makes me laugh.Great capture- lol!! Congrats on Explore!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful shot !!baileyneli,  - I don't think you'd want to eat Maple's attempt at making taffy in the snow.Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Fun capture!

Please join White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.
We'd love to have this added to the group :)hilarious-- LOL-- wow
congrats on Explore
you go Maple- eat it all up so there is no moreGreat capture ... what fun! :-)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Aaaaagh   Cute ! 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.Tell'em Maple!!


I have seen your wonderful photo in I LOVE MY POODLE!
&amp; have brought you a reward for being so good!
Obiiih &lt;3_&lt;3
al9owraaaaaaaaah t3thb wagsmblaaaah :*:*&lt;3
w almodel a3thb b 100 mraa:**
a7bich walla ya 3soolaah ;)&lt;3
akeeeed faaaaaveaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat !!!
URS : BATHOON &lt;3
W i love you more :* &lt;3fantastic capture..I would be happy if I gave a look to my photos.
C.The texture makes this, IMHO. It's a great image, Trey!very nice capturevery cool, and nice capture for sure. I love their faces too.Haha!! Safety first does not apply here!! :)Great!Don't know about other passengers but the kid is enjoying the ride :)
Nice capture.nice shot, I just sent my niece in Auckland a link to your blog.. u may have another one for your walk..

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great capture and pp work Trey*lol* perfect usage of this motorcycle :-)great work... so, you gonna have the D2X and now D3s as extras cameras? how come? hehehehe.
Too many cameras.....

sweet B&amp;H should come to Brazil with affordable prices...

take care and take great shots for us!nice catch with that texture!!superb moment..A great capture here!great picture!

--
Seen on a rss aggregator. (?)Maybe I can go with you! asuhausawesome street capture..I saw a bunch of scenes like this on a trip to Malaysia.  What a way to travel!  Nice capture, Trey!  The wall in the background is perfect!Excellent !!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Neat action and scene!daring capture...love it...well done !!! You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerLove this shot - the little boy looks so happy! Great textures too!D3S!!!  Wow, color me jealous.  Beautiful exposure too.Hahahaa A Classic moment, well captured.Great Shot. I saw eight in Egypt but three of them where babies, plus two children and two adults.Amazing!!! Great shot!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!WOW! What a fantastic find!OMG!  I would have died!  These are so beautiful, and turquoise too!  Seriously can't handle it.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!

I just want to cry now. That is an AMAZING find!Congrats on these awesome finds!!
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great find!  How much were they, if you don't mind me asking. :)No way!!! These are gorgeous!!! What an amazing find.Thanks for all the comments! I seem to have really good luck finding vintage turquoise pieces around here!love those!
lucky lucky!These are FANTASTIC!!! I probably would have passed out and fallen down if I found these in my goodwill.... and if they ever did show up I am sure they would price them RIDICULOUSLY--- (or better yet, they wouldn't be priced all crazy, but some plastic Rubbermaid thing next to it would be).  

These have really left me in awe.I'm super jealous!  What a fantastic find!  I would love to have a whole set of these.  So far I have one pot but it's not in brand new condition like yours!I'm moving to where you live, Jase. Turquoise is so hard to find here in Western NY. :)

If you don't mind me asking, what did you pay for these?Judi, I paid $9.99 each for the two larger ones and $4.99 each for the smaller ones. This is the same GW where I scored the complete, minty turquoise Butterprint Cinderella 441-444 bowl set for $8.99. 

There are two other thrift stores here that I seem to find turquoise at: The Habitat For Humanity ReStore, where I found the Blowing Leaves and Turquoise Scroll promos, and a consignment shop where I scored that 1953 set of Pyrex Turquoise Dinnerware service for 8.

I go thrifting almost every M-F on my lunch hour though, so I put a lot of effort into hunting!WOW-SA  Be-u-t-ful... and it's not avocado!!!!LOL Steph! You and your anti-avocado campaign!My mom had the avocado set. It was ugly ;)When are you going to learn that avocado and turquoise can live together, in harmony?!  ;-)It is not even possible to articulate the awesomeness of these.

These belong in the Smithsonian.  I am very, very serious.Holy crap!!!Thriftster: now I've got the Ebony and Ivory song in my head! I have never seen these before. I must look up &quot;Club Cookware&quot;!WOW! ...i never find stuff like this at goodwill!ZOMG! I love club pots!!!  These are SO dreamy!!!!!AWESOME!
Avocado and turquoise are wonderful together.  :-)ha ha, an adoratail :-)looking pretty relaxed hereIncredible photo :Dsweet!!!!Her feetsies are so clean! LOL even Mui Mui's backside is unbelievably adorable.So bloomin cute....sweet..Great capture.  Very sweet.   
(seen in Explore)Gah!Explora-tail !! :)Hehe, this was at the bottom of my homepage under &quot;Explore/Interesting in the last 7 days&quot; and I yelled out &quot;I KNOW THAT BUM!&quot; Great tail photo!!The blinds ruin an intriguing shot. 
deletenow I wouldn't say they RUIN it :-pppThis is great. She is posing like a life-drawing-model, but doing the drawing herself. (well...it makes sense in my head). Good photo.

savethe face would be more interesting, poor composition and feels contrived and posed, cheezy vignetting effect makes it worse.

-Voted 'delete2' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrLOLI really do not understand why vignetting is added to so many photos.  For every one it helps, salvages, or somehow turns to gold, it screws up or cheeseifys (new word) another.

I don't like that blind either.

deletevignetting was not added, but it was not removed eitherI like the figure and the tones, but the composition doesn't quite grab me. The blind is a bit of a distraction.

-Voted &quot;delete4&quot; (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group)dont like the composition- needs some face

-Voted 'delete5' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratr(place clever witty comment here)

delete6shhflights in with the revenge vote!hair is buggin me... sexy none the less
deleteLove everything but the blinds. 

unfortunate default delete.like the sexual ambivalence here, but a domestic environment isn't always a good setting for placing your subjects

delete8Would look better without her clothes.

deleteNot bad, but not awesome.  If she were looking at a mirror it would make sore sense to me.

-Voted 'delete10' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrYour submission has been deemed unworthy of the Lightbox and deleted by the DeleteMe Uncensored Group.


Please add a small size of your photo to The Deleted Picture Repository.I agree with Islam 1000% BTWIt's a Matisse, with Japanese influences. vignetting works well here, accidental or not.Amazed I was the only one to 'save' this...nice picSpectacular!another great cloud that doesn't know if it's happy or not haha!beautiful - what a lovely cloudooooh my god!wonderful cloud.....great framinggreat shot kevin love how you caught the clouds right over the peek on this one greatlooks wonderful!Fantastic capture Kevin!cool mountains!! love the cloud!!Now that's a vista!the clouds look like an eyebrow.gorgeous view, wonderful clouds!Looks ominous!  Excellent timingHi, I'm an admin for a group called Crazy and geniuses = Folli e geni [ Invited Images Only ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing capture!Just wow! I need some of that sunshine now.A stunning landscape and photo!  Great light and shadows highlighting the contours.I love those cloud formations at the top of the mountains!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow! amazing!Such an imposing landscape. Good one Kevin.awesome awesome shot KevinBeautifulMountain with a wigg. must be in midlife crisis. ;-0Old Man Mountain is going a little grey on topBeautiful scenery and cloud! Wonderful capture!excuse me sir, your rug is crookedWhat a beautiful mountain - I wonder if it needs climbing?...very nice scene with.....hat.....(augh...!!...)......!!....fascinating.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.great catches of clouds hovering...love the desert after a rain...such clarity captured!What a cool capture!!  Amazing shot with the cloud sitting on the mountains!excellent details, great clouds 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice shot.It definitely needs climbing, but it won't be easy.i like ur lyrics/
&amp;&amp; ur rhymes/
this picture is great/
a thousand times/
life is good/
but ever so hard/
i got a txt today/
from the girl i adore/
so now im happy/
&amp;&amp; couldn't ask for more/wow, these clouds are amazing! beautiful!A lazy cloud indeed :) nice shotVery dramatic!Lovely!Really great cloud/mountain combination. Lovely.fantastic!This is a gorgeous image my friend, WOW!!!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful mountainside.  I find Arizona landscape has that bluish haze.  I was just there a week ago.Gotta love how that cloud just hangs over the mountain!Excellent work@

:))Better clouds than snow, like theyre getting in the East.  Here in Florida, it's just cold and gloomy.very well composed, great job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shoot!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I just love how the cloud is rubbing up against the mountain   :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome - cloud island!
look like a great place to go look for rare plantsfantastic!Excellent work!Like a dinosaur:)Muy buena toma, amigo un abrazo!!!!!Perfect exposure here.!!!I love when the clouds hover over the mountainsI simply love when a cloud covers a mountain like a blanket...
This is fantastic!Beautiful Landscape !!!!i like the layers!Great timing, majestic cloud.cool shot Kevin low cloud action.


Please add your photo to the group 
Arizona WondersNow, this is what we call cloudage!Such a cool shot, my friend! :)Beautiful tones. This is great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Majestic!Great shot Kevin. I would love to see what you would shoot down here in Florida!Impressive rock, beautiful clear framing.Yup could be here. Beautiful, I really identify with this countryside. Just to tell you that I will be away for a few days because Tom's sister is very ill and we need to see how bad it is. Take care of your dear selfGreat use of the rule of thirds, really love how the cloud hangs over the mountain.that! and what a superb &quot;hangin around over the mountains&quot; image :)Beautiful mountainscape, Kevin.  I love how you've captured all the layers, from the foreground to the sky.  xo 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)oh fantastic! love the cloud coming over. i gotta get out that way sometime.This is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.A very nice view =) I like the atmosphere of this shot !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !Stunning shot!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Great capture.  Love that lolling cloud.Splendid!Beauty..!!what a moment!beautiful, like a hat..I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~I love it when clouds hug things like mountains!Coolness!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!That's cool. I like the isolation of the cloud on this. Showing the foreground is a nice touch.Congrats on Explore, Kevin!!  Have a wonderful day, my friend:)what a beautiful landscape capture!
amazing scenery! really cool coud! :)Great comp my friend, beautifully captured!does look calm..nice angleComposition is great, lots of interest front to back.I love how you frame your photographs - and this is another beauty!Nice compo with the stretched weed on the foreground.Cracking comp &amp; great POV too Billy.  Great image.Lovely capture:))great shit, looks bleak and cold out thereBeautiful shotVery nice, I like the grass leading outvery beautiful composition, outstanding photoExcellent!!
This is an extraordinary photo!!!
I saw this in
 The Enchanted Carousel (Invited Images Only)

Please be sure your photo is tagged with: TheEnchantedCarouselAn excellent shot!  Love the profile.Nice angle and composition, beautiful imageGreat perspective. I love your framing of this landscape.Cool!Great photo.

…And the inner shadow frame is fantastic. Looks like a hole has been cut in the page, and the photo is behind it.Great low down pov!Great composition. Love it.Great composition, beautifully captured !!Nice textures and lines, good work.Wonderful perspective here!Beautifully composed.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow this is awesome.Great composition!Now...i love this!..what a gorgeous composition :o)..wonderful to see all those blades of grass..superb..:o)


Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickrThe way those grass is layed down like that.. makes for a really fantastic shot.  Draws you in.. nicely done.Beautiful simple image Billy!Very nice low shot!  Cool image!Nicely composed !!!Great composition, love the lead in lines in the reeds in the iceFantástica

Un saludo Bill.

--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Beautiful shot!Amazing capture! Love the foreground here and the composition is so good! Awesome shot Billy!nice capture and composition. great!Lovin' those reeds.Excellent shot. Like the details.Super pic fellow jock!! like your work.beautifully doneExcellent!!

Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickrBeautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!beautiful...simply lovely!!
Well done and thanks for sharing..I enjoyed viewing this.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!simply wonderful composition, love it, instant fave!Excellent image! Wonderful composition. Well done!You know how much love such shots :D fave!Loved =)nice.nice 1 broSimply nice .... !Very nice capture..marvellous minimalism! :))

*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
 texture er detailing ta jotil hoise...

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

Great minimalist composition - love the texture on the wall as well.ahhh, my fav color composition =) nice texture.love the minimalistic approach...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Neutral Schemes (Tan, Beige, Sepia, etc.), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Explored:)I love.owo......Simply nice .Beautiful shot!Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :~)))beautiful composition,loved the texture of the wall
This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

great......................Lovely detail shot, Ifty !
Composition, toning and textures are wonderful ...
Congrats on Explore ...yay! i enjoy this one, sister. 9 more days!Holy hell!!!!! This is awesome! Great capture.Love the beauty in the middle of the chaos! =)Hottt!haha, nice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait of the World , and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love this!!Wild!Awesome :)nice...like the purple stripes :DCoolness =)nice freeze frame. yup, cant tell you got a haircut. very pretty!you look great !nicesuper sexy.
great shotyou're so beautiful. excellent portraitNo, you really can't tell. But it's a great action portrait!Nice capture. Not sure how many times u tried to get this nice one. :)I love this one to bits!! Your expression is divine!this is cool!wait impatiently for the result..No you definitely can't!  But a great shot, love the motion!love this :)

[ via alfieyork's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--alfieyork ]your look is great =)Still, I love the motion in this.  Well done.Great hair Action! Thanks for your comments too!Okay, that's it! you've done it.. I'm gonna go buy a wig today so I can flip my hair too. If I get a crick in my neck, I'm gonna hold you responsible.

As far as your haircut, did you like how it turned out?beautiful..nice hair flipping!Great effect !very goodhaha great motion! must've taken a few times to get it just right?!Nice movement!excellent self, love the dynamic here; beautiful !awesome! love your hair ;)great captureee! stunning expression~But I can! Very beautiful.I need a haircut... :)Great execution!kool shot!!beautiful :)love this!Didn't I comment this already?  I thought I did, but I see I didn't.  Guess I must've typed my comment and closed the tab or something. 

Aside from my train of thought, great photo by the way.  Love the motion and emotion, ya?this is killer.beautiful motion :)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great sense of motion, you are SO good at this

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful workI like this!Nice movement !Oooh, that bokeh is so lovely!I love the flowers on your shirt !love that bokeh :)this is beautiful! :]I loooove the texture-y look and bokeh... and colors :)love the bokeh and tones. so so gorgeous :)

oh and you're so welcome :)i love the colors and tones(:Lovely :) !!!!!!!!!!oh my gosh. the bokeh is so beautifulthe bokeh and the colors, best.So lovely.Astonishing &lt;3I am in love
With this photothis is amazing. I love the little awkwardness in the hands. great light and purple tones. Beautiful photo!amazing bokeh.
i love your sweater.great bokeh :)I love this idea and I love the focusing!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!thanks everyone :Doh my gosh, snow? this looks so crazy, my mind can't even comprehend what is going on here with the tree branches :OO this is amazing.lol you should have seen some of the other trees, they were so dragged down with snow that they touched the ground and only a few branches in the middle were sticking up! crazy stuff around here with about 2 feet of snow dropped on us :Pahhhh im dying for a snow day, we havent had ONE yet, and it;s almost the middle of february..how many have you had?This is so beautiful, great composition and the movement of the subject is really what attracts me to this photoI thought this would look really cool upside down so I put my computer on the ground and did a handstand. And it was definitely awesome.your sister is a lovely model
and it is pretty trippy, i like like like a lottslove the movement in this great pic. SNOW DAY 2MRO LOL :)gorgeous :) i love this!
great composition!Wow! I lalalove this one!I love her sweater.
We got half a foot last week which was fun..but I can't believe your snow!That looked like water at first - fun picture!wow that's insane. i'm jealous. :P
we don't get snow here. ever.oh cool!
wish i could do that.this is super amazing! I wish I could jump that awesome :Dhhahah this is ridiccccc i thought it was flipped upside-down at first :DAmazing composition :P!gorgeous! we've had the entire week off so far, and it's STILL snowing. don't think i'll be going to school for a while. :)So this is really really cool. :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wow, i love this :DDAll this snow is getting on my nerves. I don't mind not going to school though. Ha. Absolutely GORGEOUS photo.I love how it the branches and her limbs all seem to be coming from one point. it was a really smart idea to make this bw!
I'm so jealous of your snow.  haha I love how we want to switch weather conditionswow love the posethis is so elegant and graceful.
i am really loving this.
i also adore the contrast between her and the snow.
beautiful :)This picture makes me happy, having fun in the snow. I love it!so beautiful!! her legs are cool in this photo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a touch of life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!WOW. This one is outstandingYou have one of the strongest photostreams I have seen in a long time. Your photos are really powerful yet down to earth. They remind me of my grandpa and his farm. This photo is beautiful too. :)Thank you Epiphytes!
And cindamarie, thank you so much for the thoughtful words. I'm curious where your grandfather lives?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called when the earth speaks, the wind and fog listen ..., and we'd love to have this added to the group!i want to be here right nowAh... that light...beautiful &amp; eerieexactly what jessica said; all your photos have this you-want-to-be-there-now thing√.My grandpa's farm was in rural Minnesota. It's not so much the exact locations of your photos that make me think of him, but the tones in the film you use and the overall feeling your photos stir up in me. I'm not sure how to articulate it, but it's a good thing. It's like feeling at home and being content, caught up in the joys all around you and being oblivious to the evil in the world that could harm you.wow!!
this is amazingjust exceptional...Love Love Love Love Love!just plain ole lovely... pretty scene and great light!where are the dinosaurs?Awesome image. My compliments!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so many to favorite, i'm trying to be picky with my stars but this photostream is testing my self controldamn
magic hangs in the airI love that sentiment, cindamarie! 
And thank you everyone for the sweet comments. 
Danschmahl - haha(!!) - you're too kind.you're ridiculous... seriously dawgyour landscape shots are outstanding !
it looks so peaceful but almost waiting for wild things to get out of the dark...!Gorgeous lush green !
Excellent composition, dear Brian !molto bella,complimenti.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


Wow, This is


Please add your photo to So Beautiful (Invite only)magistralSuperb!

[ via Canadapt's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Canadapt ]A good composition, Antonio, simple and very effective. A nice sense of perspective and depth is achieved through the shadows in the grass. The colour is rich and suits the image very well. Greetings!God Love you !!!
Very Very Nice !!!A tonalidade do verde é linda..A composiçao é luminosa...
Mas o  título e a referência  mitológica dão um sentido especial  à foto e nos remete à caminhos diferentes daqueles que simplesmente são visíveis aos olhos...

Abraço,querido Antônio!!wonderful image BrianBuena composicion y magnificos coloresUna maravilla...Siempre me han gustado estas fotos de prados y esta tuya con esa profundidad, contraste de colores y minimalista sería una de las de mi sueño. Solo que por el lugar donde vivo no tengo estos paisajes. Un saludo amigo.bonitas palabras y preciosa captura, buenos colores!Muy bonita, me gusta como la presentas! Saludos.Una verdadera preciosidad. Impresionante colorido y composición, es realmente fantástica.
Un abrazo, Antonio.- outstanding!!Impecable muy buena.

SaludosUna imagen espectacular , con un colorido bellísimo  . El olivo , es  para mi ,  especial . 
Un fuerte abrazo ....... y paz .Brian,,,the colors !!! such lush green!
love it : ))Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado FOTOWOW (SOLO FOTO INVITATE- INVITED PHOTOS ONLY ) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Magnifica composizione !!estupenda alfombra
verde donde volar
la esperanza
que siempre es
el motor que nos lleva
a esos lugares mágicos
donde soñar
ese mundo mejor
;-D
maravillas de trabajo
♥♥♥
todo lo mejor
Bryan WayfarerMystérieux, étrange, surréaliste. Très belle photo.Magnífica, original y creaiva,gran trabajo amigo.
Saludos cordiales.Bella!!

Ciao Brian.fantastica
que verdes y que nitida
saludosbien escenificada la frase con la imagen, y bonitos tonos :)Todo un lujo de verdes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Una belleza, con unos colores y composición espectaculares. FelicidadesHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Amsterdam Blogging Workshop - Post 1 Comment 2 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Bella e piena di speranza per climi migliori caro Antonio!

Ti auguro tante belle cose.
CIAO, ninin.Bonito Prado y palabras evocadoras.Beautiful colours &amp; composition!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Lovely Photos / Fotos con Encanto y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Your Preferred Picture  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hi Brian, don't trust the translations of Google, they are horrible! I'm telling you that as a Greek !! The photo is superb though !
Antonis
--wnderfull minimal composition !!!

looking so great + i love the color !!!really nice composition and colours, i like it a lot...Wonderful work, love the composition all green !
Abs.WOw, maravillosa imajen! Me encanta como el verde esta en la malloria de la foto y el cafe como &quot;FOCUS POINT&quot;.Buen trabajo amigo y saludos y abrasos.

MarcosHi Brian, love the texture here, almost abstractHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado  AT YOUR BEST  - Admin. Invite , 1 comment (sweeper active) -  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Artistic Expressions - Invited Images Only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.A very beautiful tribute to loneliness !! Very beautiful colors and depth, very beautiful picture !!
Hi Brian !Awesome!Wonderlful work.  I love the texture of the field.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)impressive colours...Joli vert ...Just the way to do it nice.
Beautiful Brian!!!Que foto tan bella, ese olivo con una forma como extendiendo alas. Podría ser un gran pájaro que se hizo arbol por encantamiento. Intensos colores de trigal en plenitud primaveral. Una foto muy vitalista. Saludos, Brian.Very vibrant colours in this image Brian and great composition everything leads to the focal point the olive tree.  Thanks for your frequent visits to my stream.Superb composition, my friend! Fascinating green tones and mood. BRAVO!Very interesting.Hermosísima imagen, de verdad. Me han encantado esas tonalidades verdes en esa estupenda composición. Detrás de la imagen hay una gran visión y una gran lectura. El resultado... una gran fotoun bello paisaje Antonio, que manera de cautivarnos la madre naturaleza y su perfección!Majestuosa amigo!!linda, em forma de coração

um coração destroçado, de tanto amar

;-)Bella immagine...Ispira pace e serenità. Complimenti.......Ciao !Preciosos esos ocres en un mar de verdes. Excelente composición, mi amigo. SaludosPreciosa composición y poema!
Los colores son muy lumínicos y excelente el detalle!
Saludos Brian!Quando la fotografia si fa Arte, ecco apparire una tua immagine Antonio amico mio! Un abbraccioMuy bella foto, Antonio. Excelentes colores, linda e interesante perspectiva.
 Un cordial abrazo.Me encanta!Absolutely beautiful..Love refreshing green, Brian. It makes me feel so good and refreshed. Very well captured. Hope you are doing well. Have a nice day. Keep smiling, my dear friend ^____^great shot my friend..love these colors..Absolutely wonderful Superb The colours are wonderfulgreat shot.
Congratulations, my friend.Excelente tonos.Sencillamente preciosa.A fantastic and pleasing image... excellent shot 
My compliments!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)love the colorA SPECIAL PAINTING, as usual!

Be happy and sing a beautiful love song, My Dear Friend.

...Grazie delle tue sempre gradite visite caro Antonio e felice serata.
CIAO, ninin.Que composición mas bonita en la gama de verdes cálidos
Linda  Antonio!!!!!!!
Buena tarde maestroBeautiful shot, love the texture of the grass. Have a good day and keep smiling.Stunning colours, lovely composition Brian! :-)&quot;Η Αθηνά έκρυψε την καρδιά της σε μια ελιά&quot;

Bueno, la traduccion en griego no tiene tanto sentido, pero la foto es maravillosa!!!!!

Enhorabuena!Excelente color y composición.
Saludos, amigo.Beautiful green,wonderful nature shot Brian !!

Big hugs !!WOW!!! Fantastic!! Great composition, colors and presentation....:)
My compliments!!


Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3Marvellous !!!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado art795 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Another great shot!  Excellent Capture ! ! !
PLEASE POST THIS PHOTO :

NATURES ELEGANT SHOTS (Invitation Only)  
Post 1 Comments 3 / Agrega 1 Comenta 3 
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/Hermosa !!! una gran composición amigo Brian.
Felicitaciones, excelente. Es muy grato cuando uno está fuera, estoy de vacaciones y entro a las galerías de los amigos y me encuentro con estas sorpresas, una maravilla.

...... Saludos, un abrazo !!!!!!!!!!!!Great composition Antonio! Congrats on explore!Muchisimas gracias amigo Brian por la bella foto y dedicatoria!! Te quedo muy linda esta foto.. Saludos desde nueva york amigo.----------------
This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Awards 2 Fave 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot;  
invited with SICI (2010-01-25)
----------------
You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to:
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinner
invited with SICI (2010-01-25)excellent!!!
la composition est d'une pureté absolue et la légende lui va à merveille!
parfois moi aussi j'ai envie de cacher mon cœur très loin, pour que personne ne le trouve...
j'aime beaucoup la couleur qui nous donne un peu d'espoir...;-)
très beau travail, Antonio, une image faussement simple et très profonde.
bon week-end à toi (j'ai une demi-journée d'avance sur l'Europe en ce moment...;-))
un fuerte abrazoDESPERATE's place :*Amazingg &lt;33WOW :O
7bait elta3beer :Plove the concept&lt;3&lt;3*_* &lt;33beach :')لعيوون susiie ;p&lt;3♥♥♥ ♥♥♥ Waaaayid 7leeew ♥♥♥ great view ! .bad one  fe 5shmch :@  sorry bs il pic tjnnnn *______* faav mn glllb !in sweety lha delete ya weelch x_x 3jeeeeba 
ilAlwaan m3 b33'9 a7s cchi ynf3 78 jwho romacnnccyy &lt; jo ila5t shtfkr :P:P anywaay Fav fav fav fav il9oorra ajjeeb ough ilRELAXationee wallah it hurts&lt;/3 Hurts so bad :&quot; 
favenever EVER think to delete this :) &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;3

ufff raheeb il-sea 
w il-words alsoouhhhh this is mouuuuttt!!! &lt;3_&lt;3miss so much girl ;***
...Wow beautiful shot!T H A N K S ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥  everybodyyyyy :D:D:D:D reallllyyy appreciate it *.*




LOVE SUSIE &amp;&amp; POKERFACE &amp;&amp; TAMMY ♥ 
DOSARIA; al7een she5i9ah 5ashmiyyy :&quot;&quot;( :P:P hhh fdaitich thanks ♥ 
ZMNGASY; LOOOL aham sheyyyyy X&quot;D
5OO5A; intyyy ilmouuutttt :$ :** ♥ ♥Wonderful &amp; the Word's &lt;3allaaah hnoood!!!! tjnn al9oorh :0
alw2nha w 7rkt al2mwaaj WOW WOW!!!!!! 7beetha mn 8llb &lt;333
well done ya 56eerh :*Perfect shot !&lt;3_&lt;3!!raw3aa &lt;3amaziiiiiing &lt;3 i love shoots with words in it ! *_*bl3ks I Loved it y3ne AMAZINGAWESOME *_* hnoodii ♥♥ this is truly MAGICAL :pwow'z :O loved the splash thingys in the sea :O &lt;3
and your idea rocks
dont delete it :@ , its really good &lt;3
keep up the good work sugarpie:)wooow &lt;33Beautiful! &lt;333تجنن الشوت 
حبيت اللقطه 
البحر طآلع يجنن ف الشنوت 
 فيييييييييف*تجنن الشوت 
حبيت اللقطه 
البحر طآلع يجنن ف الشنوت 
والموج رهيييييب
 فيييييييييف*nice pic 

love it :) 

faved&lt;3
Big Favimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Woooonnnderful ;OYaa Fnanaa ;)
Alpiiic (Y) ♥♥♥ uf w klh tgoolen mb 7low t9weeeery 5aa6ri a9fgch 
l2na amoot 3la 9wrch :*:&quot;&quot;O &lt;333o________o 
&lt;33333oh my god she is gorgeous!beautiful..beautiful all three!!What a beautiful family, great shot!certainly beautiful people and your exceptional technical excellence - 

but also captured some significant love here - what beatiful eyes expressing such peaceful love.

a BEAUTIFUL family portrait!  you so rock!wow, stunning!wow. . .they are stunning! love the black background on this.Excellent portrait.My kind of shot, well done !

I enjoyed seeing your picture in the 

 Pictures Worth A Thousand Words group!This is wonderful!Fabulous shot of a beautiful family!!!precious!!!!Yay 40! And yay for this shot, I love the composition!! So pretty! :)OMG I love this shot.  Such a big brilliant backdrop and those two perfect little pink words.  Well composed and a definite YAY.Hey you... Yay Day 40... keep up the awesome work Be... your 365 is lookin' good :)Hey You! I much prefer traditional! I want to talk to someone, I pick up the phone or go visit! No tweetin' and textin' here! This is a great image. Love the DoF, the angled heart and the fab bokeh! :D

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)What an adorable conversation heart to play with &quot;hey you&quot; thats just to cute ::))Nice work!focus + bokeh + 40 = way to go..I love this! The bokeh, the tones, the candy. Great shot!Love the dof and the Bokeh! Really neat shot!!Love the bokeh and colors, beautiful!great focus and bokeh!so sweet! lovely comp.!I love the composition of this shot!  Really nicely done!Nice composition and bokeh here.  Glad to see your 360 project is going strong.bokeh, bokeh, bokeh. nice capture.haha, funny. i love the hey you! simplicity at its best here!Really great shot! Yay for day 40!Nice dof and bokeh.Nice focus and the grain in the wood is awesome.That's great :)
nice shot ;)Great shot !! Very creative !!Really cute. I like it.Beautiful shot!lovelyI like it  :-)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/rafallano/] thanks so much! :) i didn't realize it made explore :)

Thanks again everyone :)Super cute!!! Love the comp, bokeh &amp; warm light!i love it! lovely focusLovely composition and amazing DoF! Congrats on Explore!!! It's funny, how these candies are springing up everywhere but what's really interesting is how each person has a unique way to photograph them :)  I really like how you did this one! 

I need to buy me a pack of these!Hey you~ love the bokeh! :)Yay 40!  Love the lines and dof in this shot.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so cute, love the pretty bokeh!WONDERFUL! love the bokeh!Goodnight my friend....beautiful! :-)Una foto soave e femminea..... Come tu sai egregiamente realizzare....

Mannaggia, quanto è Bella!!!!Lovely.'notte (che bei toni però;o)Semplice, ma bella.e non me lo puoi dire così, abbi pazienza, ho una certa età ormai...!!!Lovely !bellissima esecuzione...
Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazama.....ho anche una certa esperienza, please!Bella e delicata !!!!Concordo con chi mi ha preceduto!
Bella e delicata. Parole che sorgono spontanee.

Una grande realizzazione davvero :-)))Seen in:

The Authors' plazabelissimo close, muito sensual!bellissima.....

Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazaSeen in:
 
The Authors' plazaBeautiful!  &lt;3quanto mi piace questa foto!
complimenti zia :)belli i toni di questa foto.
Anche il taglio è originale.
Complimenti

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)amazing photo!!!!
love it!Carino il ciuffetto davanti alle labbra .... e che bei toni !!!

Guarda che a Milano ci vengo molto spesso, la conosco come le mie tasche perchè ci sono nato e vissuto fino a 24 anni, prima di diventare &quot;montanaro&quot;  :-)

Non sono un discendente di Standing Bear .... io !!!  :-))So sooo lovely&lt;33Nite, nite, sleep tight :)Superb job, nicely shot

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Nice selfie. Night night. ;)***  Belle et Jolie  ***

DomiSeen in:
 
The Authors' plazaniceجميله جداً

. . . ♥&gt;&gt;Soo Nice 
&lt;3 IT 
FAV 
COMENT ME &amp; NOTE
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called giяl's Oηly ™, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ee wallah .! =)))
Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS,
agrega 1 Premia 6
agrega la etiqueta &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; en tu fotoAmazing ,,wow 
Mashalla Al-loon mra 56er 
tslm youmnachFAVHi, I'm an admin for a group called Đ.W, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb!

An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ❤♫♪♪ Paul's Place ♫♪♪ ❤, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)حلوه 
الالوان متناسقه 
تسلم ايدجFantastic♥!  FAVED &lt;33wonderful pinkنااااايس
يعطيج الف عافيه ياربnice phone and cover :)

 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops Amazing ~v. nice color sis ..niceeelovelyi realy like your photosraw3aNice shot


تجنن اللقطه
ابدعتي :)

That's such a cute cover!
Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS, 
agrega 1 Premia 6
agrega la etiqueta &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; en tu fotomn jd all the tiime :P
 al Focus jmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel ^^love it!Lovely colors
Nice Shot
Abdaa3tii
Keep Going ,, xDWow, beautiful shot!!!wanasa fa6oom aby asawey project ba3ad :p





ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
amazing ~قمه فالابداع
 
◕‿◕


★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★★
★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★　　★★★★
★★　　★★★★★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★★
★★　　★　　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★★
★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★　　★★★★
★★★　　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★★
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★nice shot 


love the pinkawesome imageCongrats. u deserve thatما شالله
صوره جميلهniiiiiiceHi, I'm an admin for a group called KPC-مركز الكويت للتصوير الفوتوغرافي, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Congrats :) explored !حلووووNICE;**

APPLE&lt;3333


COMMENT ME PLZUna imagen y un procesado espectacular, Un saludoQUE MARAVILLA!!! es la foto mas bonita que te he visto, y que he visto ultimamente, felicidades, me has asombrado, y no por tus fotos anteriores, si no que esta es preciosaMe encanta este desaturado selectivo es buenisimo.
Felicidaees Bego.
Me la llevo.
Saludos.También a mí me encanta el color que has dejado..., y la imagen, el encuadre.Unos tonos y encuadre genialesFabulosa compañera.

Una maravilla de imagen. Un gran trabajo.

Saludos.si señor,preciosa gran trabajosin palabras.......... muy buena foto!!!!!! el trabajo k lleva este tratamiento........ no me lo quiero ni imaginar, jejejejemuy buena foto
me encanta
un saludoTe ha quedado una foto muy curiosa. ¡Eres una artista!fantasticGenial imagen! Fantástica captura y tratamiento. Gracias por compartir!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)ufff, vaya maravilla !!! un trabajo impresionantePues creo que me voy a adherir a todos los comentarios ... no tiene desperdicio esta toma. Felicidades artista!!!

Besotes
kalamuy buena,me encanta el contraste. EXCELLENT!!, SEEN IN : 

  Diamond Stars (Post 1 Give 3 diamonds) DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in 
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6 

--
Seen in the group&quot;&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot;POST1/AWARD 6 = ACTIVE SWEEPER!&quot; (?)Great work!

Sì, è davvero una bellissima interpretazione! 
Yes, it's really a beautiful interpretation!
 
 E s t r e m i t A'
Per favore, aggiungi tag &quot;Estremità&quot; 
Please, add tag  &quot;Estremità&quot;

---------Grazie per aver condiviso qui!!----------
------------Thanks for sharing here!!----------Oh I see a cute white one they are just so adorable!!!!! Sweet brindles also!!! Did she have them today?? How exciting~~~ she must be a happy mom!!!!@mamaroo10 -Thanks for your visit :) Date of birth  09.02.2010 .....it was very long day.No i się wszyscy doczekaliśmy. Cudne są :)How sweet!  What a proud mom.  How many, 6?  Are they all spoken for?  I wish I could have one :-)Please add this photo, or other great animal shots of yours to: 

Your Best Animal Photo
@Ozone9999, Duke and Sarge  - thanks  for your visit . Yes,they are spoken for :))So tiny and cute! And wow a white pup! Great shot!Congrats Fuji and @eowina, they're just gorgeous!that is so sweet!!


This great animal photo was seen in:

Your Best Animal Photo
How cute....Congratulations =))))))Oh Yeah and My white One...LOL
I would really like to be able to fallow the white one if it is possible.
Fuji Looks so Happy that it is over...
Thanks,Lovely photo !!!!  Wonderful Fuji and yours litlle babies !!!awwwwww

Seen in:
Flickr Pets!Congratulation!!!!congrats fuji...they are beautiful !This great animal photo was seen in:

Your Best Animal Photo
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fotos divertidas de animales simpáticos.Funny photos of animals, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely image !!! I love them !!!

Awh, they are all so beautiful! How exciting! Wonderful shot, I love it. Have a nice day. Take care.EOWINA &amp; FUJI, CONGRATULATIONS ON SIX BEAUTIES. I'M GLAD THEY ALL HAVE HOMES... HOPE TO SEE MORE BEFORE THEY LEAVE THE NEST.. LISA SPIKE 'N MOLLY /'..'\  /'..'\ Fl♥ckr Pets- post 1 give 5 pets !Adorable  &quot;Super mamá&quot; !!!

Congrats to the entire family on the new arrivals~~~ Very sweet....


www.glitter-works.org/
oh congratulations...... how cute they are..... :)Lovely shot!

 Fl♥ckr Pets- post 1 give 5 pets !Bien captado el gesto y buena nitidez. SaludosEy! muy chula!
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 magnifico retrato con ese color y nitidezque fotónnn , buen retrato con una excelente nitidez, y la expresión muy bien captada.He visto tu 'afoto' en AFOTO y es de mi gusto. ¡Felicidades!
 AFOTO 'Asociación Fotográfica Orihuela'

……………………………………………………………………………………………Meencantan esos mercados y sus gentes
PRECIOSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
para ti
www.goear.com/listen/a59ca5c/nothing-compare-to-you-sidne...Muy bien captada esa mirada. Te felicito por tan buen trabajo, al igual que toda tu galería es excelente....:)Bueno, buneo, bueno...quito todas las de mi galería!!!! Que fotón. Gran momento captado y de complicidadExtraordinaria.flipante :DUn magnifico retrato, con una mirada demoníaca.Genia retrato!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Me gusta la mirada que has captado, da un poco de miedo. Sensacional el retrato.
SaludosMe encanta!!!
saludos cariñososBuena foto, muy currado el disfrazBuenisima!Un fabuloso y expresivo retrato ...
SaludosGenial, muy bien retratado... Saludos.Unos colores muy intensos!

cambio y fueraQue gran retrato amigo! Tu captura ha sido excepcional, una
miirada medio severa - sorpresa y unos colores
bellísimos. Enhorabuena amigo.Queeee buena representaciooon maquillaje TODO! excelente imagen ;DMuy buen retrato costumbrista.Qué mirada. Muy buena!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Thanks for sharing your wonderful picture with us.
Seen in the group: 

 In my eyes
Please invite others too !Con mucho detalle , muy natural¡Menudas expresiones gastan los paisanos de Miguel Hernández!
Un robado genial, muy bien hecha además.
Por la calidad del retrato, una curiosidad: ¿te has hecho ya con un tele?Perfect lighting...creepy guy:)quedó estupendo ese color,magnífico y curioso retratoMagnífica.
Me encanta la uniformidad del color y el encuadre.aiiaiiii que miradilla... Buena captura!!!


enhorabuena por el Explore...



Saludos, besos!!!Buen retrato, y en esas ferias no es nada facil... mucha gente, mucho movimiento... Enhorabuena. Los colores, una pasada.Me gusta su expresión, los colores son estupendos.
Un saludo.Un retrato genial e impresionante muy bueno.................!!!!hahah , coolYes, very cool!Awesome idea!Wow, cool.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)so so wonderful...

i like it!very interesting...cool picnooooooooo!!
save the bokeh, quick!!cool idea!hahah cute!Awesome! I am so stealing this idea ;)hah! great idea!great idea!
might try myself :)How did you do this!? IT'S GREAT!So cool, great idea!RankinFuck yes, Rankin.  If I ever see that guy I'm gonna punch him in his face paint!who the hell is Rankin if only there was a way for you to type his name into a letter machine or something and find out www.rankin.co.uk/ Then you choose asshole! David Carson. More of a graphic designer, but he had some cool photographic ideas. Send me your CV and I'll get it done!played out?  I think your just getting going.  These have been some of your best shots.  

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?) i did, dick face, it pulled up like a gazillion things. THanks Brad :) as in Curriculum Vitae? Maybe I just need to find a different place to set them in. I'm going to light you on fire Yep!damnit, i actually have almost no knowledge of photographers. i really should go rob a bookstore and get more photography books.

also, i'm sorry that i thought you were playing a priest in this photo. nevermind i am an asshole, i totally skipped right over it. Der. You are not a dickface I thought the same thing.what if we chose the wrong religion? Each week we just make God madder and madder.What the hell?
If you are bored with it, move on.. but dont stop on account of us!
it seems like everybody was really digging where you were going,
i know i was... i like all of what you do, but seeing you go 
graphic and dark was very cool.


And ... what the hells wrong with Rankin? 
maybe im just a silly non-photographer, but i think his 
stuff is awesome. maybe its just because he has done so many famous shots. I think I just need to change locations.  Get outside or find some urban decay.  That actually would be kick ass with some blur.played out?  this is awesome.Walter Iooss. (SI swimsuit edition out today!!!!) Yeah he has some great stuff, especially his Cuba series. 

www.walteriooss.com/[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nerboo/] ahh .. yes, the cabin fever can chain you to a feeling of being in a rut. i would do more outside,but i work til after dark all the time. :( 

I want to see what you do with outside blur / creepiness. DO IT !! :PApparently fleas like a clean head of hair, and not grimey ones.I'm with Craig and Drummy.  You seem to be pushing, growing with these shots.  I'm sad that you think you're done with this series.

I am photographer-illiterate, and therefore have no say as to who you should choose.  They would almost all be new to me.i'd love to see an article about Wolf Choir.

i mean, how does he do it???

;)Go outside!  Do the blur.  Beeeeee the blur.  I'm enjoying this series of yours immensely.  :D

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)These aren't the droids you're looking for...I hope that any hobbyists who have had problems with it, will inform us of their experiences.okay, seriously now...here's what i recommend...anybody can take an amazing photographer who they are inspired by and write their opinion about them and give some basic facts about them that anyone could find online.  but what about the unsung heroes?

what about finding local (maybe not just your town) photographers who are doing great work and running their own photography business, and interviewing them about how they started, how they run their business, what inspires them, etc...they don't have to be &quot;run of the mill&quot; peeps that do glamour shots, but they could do just all around good work and be hoofin' it to make shit happen for themselves. 

i bet you could even find people like this here...a good example would be Ry-o-vision...

get my drift? Hell yeah I do, and that's a great idea.Write a blog about on Attention Whore Photography!  Or &quot;Blurry Lights Photography&quot;...  Ok Ok that was a little harsh.. Just kidding.. I am not real in tune with &quot;professional&quot; photogs .. I would like to have one of the big shots explain when and how they got that first big break.. and why they think they made it to the show..I like the multiple images and treatment. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Loooove this!
You know... I think your shirt at first glance made me think of a priest shirt.
I found it so interestingly fun!
;)I'm with AndYaDon'tStop.  There are already plenty of articles about the Egglestons and Shores and Cartier-Bressons.  Find someone on Flickr whom you really, really admire and write about that person's photos.  Take the person seriously as an artist and not just a snapshooter, and write in detail about that.  You'll make someone's day; and make a point about the fatuous distinction between &quot;real photographers&quot; and the riffraff who just point and shoot; and if you do it right*, maybe you'll change one person's attitude about what makes a &quot;great&quot; photographer.

Man, now I think we all ought to do that.  Start the revolution!

*I know you'll do it right, dude; I've seen how you can write when you put your mind to it.i'm liking your recent work. this series is really cool... 
and some great ideas... inspiring.i love how it almost looks like your wearing a vicars dog collar in the shotBill Brandt. David Bailey. Chrissie White. Ryan Davies. 

But also: please don't completely stop this series just yet - I'm with Drummy - REALLY want to see you do something like this outside. 

Absolutely love this one. The sense of movement, threat, confusion. This series has totally spoken to me and I'm blown away by each frame's perfection. Just so you know ;-)very cool, brad.
i don't know any photographers. (i need to get on that). i like abes's idea though.But there isn't any milk. what do you have against rankin?  He takes some pretty cool pics.  And ya time to do some none blurry stuff :)very nice treatmentI just spend 45 minutes acquainting myself with Rankin on company time.  Thanks.

Me?  I'd like to see something on Anne Geddes. ........  Just kidding.  

Diane Arbus.  Seriously.  Yes, there are already lots of articles in existence on her.  Hell, there's a fucking movie.  But I still want to know more.this is just beautiful...the weather may be cold but this image possesses a sense of warmth!this is wonderful.I know I always say this but I love the colors here. Can I ask you a question? Why are all your photos so wonderfully beautiful?lovely pp.This is absolutely gorgeous. Love the warm tones and compo.beautiful, warm and cold.  nice jobCongrats! You Hand'some Trollie!
You have been awarded the
 
Daark Trollie Award! 
You are invited to post this photo at
Magik Troll: Daarky Style! Group 
Please Tag Image trolled&amp;proud
Post 1 - Comment on 1Cool DOF, wonderful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!NiceVery nice capture!The tones and athmosphere in this picture are awesome!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very good composition...!!!


Seen in: Real Magic 

Post Your Photos Here! (2-4 Awards)
Post Your Photos Here - At Least 5 Awards
Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardWow. I bet those sunsets down there are exquisite.I got a FEVER! And the only prescription...is MORE COWBELL!Some of the top competitors run and jump their way to earning titles and national recognition. It only takes a few minutes longer to vacuum your sand.Ice Cream is a good dessert.this sunset and your silhouette is so beautiful and amazing!What if you were that ant?!Bagpipes is a funny wordIf there’s a gold rush and there not much gold, you can still make a lot of money selling shovelsBewblight.

hehe ;)

and a beautiful sunset man...I have mixed feelings about slugs.What a stunning silhouette!Early to carve little figurines of tubs, early to knock some sense into genies, makes a man perfect, gigantic and childish.gorgeous... I like the flare thats shining on your heart... um.. cheesy? hahaha it really is a great silhouette.. :)Slugs are disgustingGorgeous!I am Spartacuscan we send a letter anyway?super cool. love the flare and all.LOL....everyone way too funnyFabulous!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)so cute, so funny, I love it. And great cause, tooheee - that bear is adorable!

cool photo.Fab take on this, great cause as well.I love this!thanks!awwww, poor bear!Archibald!  First stormy with his fetching lavender hat, now you and your earrings.  Am looking forward to seeing Dylan's handbag

Great cause and a lovely shotit's handbags at dawn when Dylan sees any of the other boys. they are HIS women folk not theirs.that looks like me :pGreat pictureGreat idea.thanks!So cute!genius

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Fab!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)thank you!brilliantimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Really clever!lawo molekkemah mirul.. !!beautiful warm colours and nice silhouettes

seen in my contactsSeen on

Sunset Time Group!Seen on
 
Sunset Time Group! 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------chome,cantik,beautifu.gorgeus....mender g amber tinggal tulung kabo r....wahh....sek top..wakakakademo derhaka lagi!!!
aii, kemah horr gambar orang!!saye amirul terbaik[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kedek/] tenkiu bohh

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/newclear/] mekaseh khaidir..suke tgk awk..p/s:jgn mara aaa hehe

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/stonewold/] thanks Carl

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mrstein77/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/karl_wedlake/] Thanks guys

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/fathu1010/] kuat jek toww..dokleh lawan silwek ye agi..uhuh

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mrhuggies/] top poji agi

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasruddinmukhtar/] hai~ni sorg agi hok jek sokmo haha

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sicknessclown/] fuad abdullah lagi terbaik!beautiful love the words !!!!!emmmm...jebat...bile balik korea?hahahahaha..
bile gok nok trun ilmu tuh...ak naik ganu kan deme plok sibuk kan..ha3..abih ikan lari..nyaknye bro 2 nk jale xleh..meroh muke nk maroh.lawok2.wakakakaka[http://www.flickr.com/photos/28542270@N07/] thanks man!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/digitalfadlo/] 18 aribulan ni balik doh aka mggu depan..kalu mari ganu sound la dlu..mane tau ambe dok bizi ke~hehe

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mrduyong/] kaca daun sungguh la boh tuh..dok jale pon..sedak2 ye kabo kite picit natang bodo..padahal die op?wakakakawakakakakaka..bdk mude 2 pale mmg masuk air..2 aku layan jer..[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mrduyong/] dakpe2..bulih repeat agi..bukan jauh pom..10mnt je..hahawww.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/09/page42/impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!bellissimo controluce

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)precious capture!
so beautiful!seriously can't stand flickr sharpening sometimes...I still think its a GORGEOUS IMAGE!! I love her little blue coat!this is fabulous!This is beautiful - love the composition - and the way she jumps out from the background.Such a great image!! The colors and her coat really pop!!Wow my baby looks amazing thank you!!love the pop of blue in the midst of the wintery tones. very lively and vibrant, and great compositioncomposition and processing are perfect. the blue coat really pops and makes her standout. love :)love that little coat~ too cuteShe's so cute!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--malinne ]Oh wow this is just adorable!I love this image!very prettynice one! nice colors and detail.  I like the ripples in the sand.  well done.Love that rock, great detail..the sand and rock really make this shot!The detail on this is superb viewed large and the comp is very unique to this place.
The rangers here never give photographers any trouble.  They realize why you're there and you are the least likely to cause any damage to the landscape.  I drove in one winter night after 8:00 and nobody came out to charge me or ask me to leave.  The just gave me the, &quot;Oh, she's a photographer!&quot; look.Great capture nicely done.

Seen in  Outdoor Photographer Magazine (Unofficial) .awesome!Oh Boy this is really good, great perspective hereI really like the patterns in the sand and the isolation of the one rock.  Great job.fantastic shot love the underwater sand patterns and the texture of the boulder!**Your Photo is Beautiful:**

Hi, This deserve an award.... Beautiful Capture =) Please tag this photo with Most Beautiful Picture MBPictures :) when you add it to the pool. ** &quot; **Most Beautiful Pictures**
 **Most Beautiful Pictures**Superb detail on the FG under the water.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)The sand under the water leaves a cool texture.**Your Photo is Beautiful:**

Hi, This deserve an award.... Beautiful Capture =) Please tag this photo with Most Beautiful Picture MBPictures :) when you add it to the pool. ** &quot; **Most Beautiful Pictures** 
 **Most Beautiful Pictures**Hi, I'm an admin for a group called NOVA Photo, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

VISTO EN / SEEN to:
SOLO PAISAJES Y ATARDECERES--ONLY LANDSCAPES AND SUNSET GROUP.

Excellent underwater detail in that foreground.beautiful light and composition

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love it. Great, serene foreground.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Very good capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² ) 
I saw this beautiful image in the NOVA Photo Group pool and had to award it. Thank you for sharing !!!You said you came away with nothing??? I wouldn't call this &quot;nothing&quot;

That water ring around the foreground rock is nice. It goes well with the detail in the sand.Thanks for the comments, folks!

FYI, I'm trying to avoid large award graphics here in the comments, so I plan to avoid these groups next time.  I like posting in groups, but I'd rather have real comments than weird award images without any real content.  No offense to those who post the awards, it is just a personal preference as I learn the Flickr ins and outs...  

2boys -Thanks for the kind words &amp; the info on the rangers.  I didn't know if I was going to get locked in or not!   

Maxxsmart -Well, this image is from a previous trip up to Tahoe.  I really did get &quot;nothing&quot; this last time.  I mostly froze my ass off at Emerald Bay waiting for the sunset to warm up the clouds -to no avail...I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~great image, outstanding compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Love the tones and rich colors here, very nice work my friend.Nice strong comp!  Those sand ripples are awesome!!Wonderful composition and tone .

Seen in the High Quality Nature's Group PoolNice composition and textures. Sand Harbor can be a nice place. I find it necessary to park outside to shoot there at the right times for the best light.  But with all the no parking signs, you need to park about 1/2 mile away and walk in.Very cool shot!  Love those foreground ripples.  Too bad they don't say open till sunset.  5 is too early!the spread of tones is what's really striking about this -warm sand to the icy cold rocks - pity the sky didn't quite work for you but we can imagine what you were waiting formcm bese ah
fav2!
:Dooooo niceadoi laa..pagi2 hari pening pale doh main musing2 gini..penadol penadol !!_terbaeeekkkKKKK!!!Lovely shot. Thank for sharing, my friend ![http://www.flickr.com/photos/yoshi_smogash/]
-----whh..mmg doh kebiasaan ke fave2 neh...hahaha...thanks for fave n visit my photo stream----
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ariblair/]
---thanks dude especially for fave...---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/megatrikhailwindzar/]
----owows...parak2......doh tedo la luh..hahhaa...*thank for fave----
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/saripdoll/]
---ribuan terima kasih mr.saripdoll.....for fave to..hehehe---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hjesamdyunos/]
---thanks my friend....----lawo ni....fav je trusfav terus aku!......same la kita along....hasil dari lejem..gini ah contoh diedeme dokleh wat jahak okmo!
naya ke amber tekan fav macang!!lawo..lawa boss!my eye blinking...head spinning...coz the bokeh is MUSING!!A Great frame . . !!!!Awesome!comel lote3typhoon bokeh...very nice...I love seeing film....

--
Seen on fiveprimedotorg (?)nice wehhh...timbull baikkksuke benor hok ni!loved it

nice

comment me plzbes2Stunningoh my lovely lovely lovely.
one of my favourite photographers on flickr now

you have heard of 19/77 right?
if not you should definitely have a look at his work.
medium format images with the same amazing colours yours havenice one bro hhuhu[http://www.flickr.com/photos/along_pinky/]
----hahaha...maseh bro...---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/shuttermonkeys/]
---parah2....thank u bro...have a great day--
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jebatderhaka/]
--tobak dok ngayim...---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasruddinmukhtar/]
---owows...parok2...maseh for fave.....n maseh jgk sudi terjah my photostream---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sahey09/]
---maseh banyok sahey---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/suhaimisalleh/]
--maseh bro suhaimi...hehehe...jemput dtg ganu lagi yer...---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sicknessclown/]
----wahhh..sweet giler ayat tuh.....best2..maseh syg..muah3...hahaha---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33488374@N03/]
--thanks bro.....thanks again for fave----
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/storm_in_your_teacup/]
---thanks my friend...have a good day---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hell62_trbs/]
---klu semak mende plop??wakak...maseh boh---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ibnusaid/]
--thanks :)--
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/rjrphoto/]
--thanks friend....have a nice day---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/arabischenab/]
---thanks broo...hehehe---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/faridhilmi/]
---terharu benor ase..maseh boh...---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47218234@N07/]
---thanks....----
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chembong/]
---maseh chembong---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/devsalvi/]
---thanks--
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/b3njamin-haywood/]
---thank u so so much benjamin.....hope u enjoy with my sharing....thanks fro fave to....have anice day..---
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/farhanjamil/]
----thanks bro....hehe----jahat ngakKkKk!!lawa ye.. !!this is beautiful....
I really dig this...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)delicate with amazing detail and color!Caspita che spettacolare!!!
Mi fa pensare ad un Totem ... :-)
Ciao, buona serta!elle est très ....  magnifiqueune bonne  soirééééé&quot;L'orchidea è una pianta peculiare, il più sviluppato e ha più varietà. Essi sono come le rose, che sono sempre simmetriche e dello stesso tipo&quot;
L'orchidea parola è una connotazione afrodisiaco, perché deriva dal greco orchis (testicolo), perché per i Greci prima botanica, la forma della specie nella regione assomigliava l'organo riproduttivo maschile.bella macro!Un fiore decisamente sensuale!!! Splendido scattoSembra un angelo che si china per respirare il fiore. Molto poetica, e belle linee grafica - proprio da G O'K!
che invidia il macro 100mm - lo sto sognando!Grande Macro, sia lo scatto che l`oggetto!!!
.....spero non essere l`unico, ma nell`orchidea io ci vedo l`organo femminile, più che quello maschile.......è grave?!?!?!

Saluti ninin e tanti scatti col macroSin Palabras.
Muy buenas noches Ninin, gracias por tu visitauna macro deliziosa

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Spettacolare....c'est beau Ninin... je t'envoie un rayon de soleil pour tes futurs essais :)Caspita che bomba!!! Chissà all'aperto cosa ci regalerai!

Buona serata Ninin!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Gli inizi sono molto promettenti caro ninin; avendo fatto un po' di esperienza col macro,ti assicuro che la luce naturale da molte soddisfazioni,se poi aggiungi un tocco di flash,il gioco è fatto!
Buona serata.bella bella bella, felice setimana nininmolto bella,complimenti.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


Wow, This is


Please add your photo to So Beautiful (Invite only)Il Re delle macro, splendida luce e foto... Ciao e buona serata, beppe.Grazie a te per la splendida citazione che mi hai regalato!Amazing macro Ninin....ElizaUn cuore stupendo!!!sono io che ringrazio te.....non sai quanto apprezzo i tuoi commenti sempre appropriati e mai banali.....grazie davvero!!!
un bacione!Una sensualità subliminale.......Ciao!!!!Concordo con il commento qui sopra!oh oh oh .. tu es horrible Nini !!
l'enseignant et la retraite !!
moi qui pensais que tu allais parler de la beauté des enfants suspendus à ses lèvres .. et à son savoir !!
ah ah ah &gt;&gt;&gt; tu es un horrible garnement !! :-)In effeti si presta a molte interpretazioni....comunque è veramente fantastisca, sei il re del microcosmo !Ninin .. je ne connaissais pas du tout cette peintre ..
je viens de la découvrir en faisant quelques recherches sur google ..
Tout d'abord un parcours extraordinaire ..
puis une femme d'une beauté elle aussi extraordinaire ..
et enfin une oeuvre confondante et si sensuelle .. j'adore également ses oeuvres plus minérales en fin de vie .. j'adore !!

et enfin .. bravo pour la sensualité de ta macro d'orchidée ..
j'attends avec impatience tes clichés en lumière naturelle !!
bises ! :-)grazie Ninin,
buona notte...Questa è uno spettacolo! Grande scatto NInin...e con il nuovo macro 100 f 2.8...ne vedremo delle belle!!!
Ciao tanti sorrisi per una buona notte! :-)))
Anitamais où est donc passé le fougueux anar de nos 20 ans 
.. avec ses beaux cheveux longs ??? ahahahah
sais-tu que j'avais aussi les cheveux très très longs jusqu'au .. bas des reins ???
il faudra que je poste une photo un de ces jours !! :-)!!Che eleganza queste tue macro, una più bella dell'altra!what a spectacular macro! the details and colors are amazing!
beautiful photo!Per me è molto bella!!!  sei bravissimo!!!Bella!! tiene una extraña forma hermosa... :)

Gracias por tus amables comentarios.

Feliz... MiércolesE per fortuna che ti è riuscito male!!
Preso, così ti faccio scalare la classifica di Explore.
Non hai bisogno di un nuovo macro, secondo me riusciresti a fare una bellissima foto anche usando le prime camere oscure che usava il Canaletto!!
Ciao &quot;PROFESSORE &quot; e una buona giornata.
Mario.Superbe macro Ninin, 
Hugs 
SamE figurati mo' che ti fiderai di fare, con un obiettivo così!

E' bellissima, altrochè!
Ciao ninin :-)Just beautiful...molto bello questo dettaglioComplimenti, un'altra stupenda macro!
Sono curioso di vedere le prossime pics col tuo nuovo giocattolo!
Felice giornataBelle orchidee mon cher Ninin
Ton cadeau de St Valentin?Spettacolosa!!!!!!!!! Complimenti! Ciao, DorisBella prof!!!!

Ps:[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46821352@N07/4340796771/]Prof. però c'ha poca profondità di campo.Va beh! Non sarà perfetta,ma è bella lo stesso...!
Mi piacciono di più i colori di quella in piccolo però!Gran homenaje, amigo!..Amazing work and a wonderful tribute to a great artist! Bravo!you are on a journey of discovery with your new macro, congratulations - amazing detail Ninin, CIAO, I have a 105mm 2.8 and it is one of my favorit lenses, bekopcomplimenti per i tuoi meritatissimi explore e per questo bellissimo scatto ..ottima dedica!! ahh mi congratulo con il nuovo arrivo ..caspita allora buon lavoro!! felice serata a te mio caro NininBello scatto Ninin! Vedo che ti stai divertendo col nuovo obiettivo!
Cari saluti. MauroOle!!! un macro de lujo!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Being a fan of macros, this is fantastic and stunning.... Out of this world!!!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Todo un gineceo atrapado por el androceo.
Con sigilante forma, casi aterradora, amenazante, como un mántido...
Pero terriblemente hermosa.
¡Bravo, por este espectacular macro del intimismo de la flor!This is the shot of the day! Nature's art at it's best.und ganz ohne Schnee - hier schneits noch immer

das &quot;Ende&quot; sieht super aus wie ein TunnelVannacht komt er weer verse sneeuw... Kun je morgen weer een andere foto maken ;-)Licht am Ende des Tunnels. Superschönes perespektives Bild.Klasse, Uli!Tolle Perspektive. Hast Du auf dem Boden gelegen?Love this@andreas  - &quot;blind&quot; fotografiertDit lijkt me een mooi gevoel van eenzaamheid om hier hard te lopen. Geweldige sfeer en Uliaans perspektief.@hans - joo, war beim hardlopenAnd the road goes on forever...

Die Perspektive und der Fluchtpunkt sind perfekt, und die Bearbeitung mit der Vignette erzeugt einen angenehmen Tunneleffekt.hier kan ik niet genoeg van zien!aber wenigstens schneefrei! ;)

hier hat es heute wieder &quot;geflockt&quot;. was für ein winter!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Die Vignette passt hier sehr gut; schöne Perspektive auch.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)I like the dark and misty atmosphere!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Golden Bee (P1-C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful shot!Das sieht echt klasse aus =) Cooles Foto !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee GalleryHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Magically misty
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )Gefeliciteerd met je Explore Uli.Hi, I'm HAL the UtataBot

I'm afraid I've had to remove your photo from the Utata Pool as it broke one or more of our group pool rules:

Your photo was in too many pools (7)

Please read the rules for posting to the Utata pool in the group description.I like the landscape in this great shot.Wonderfully seen and shot, fantastic!!!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Ein sehr schönes Nebelbild. Die Vignette gefällt mir sehr gut und passt wunderbar zu diesem stimmungsvollen Bild. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Update Collection ~ up-to-date&quot; (?)Excellent Scene!

Seen in the Magical places and trees groupHi, I'm an admin for a group called I like your style! (1 Post - 1 Com - 1 Inv) - PLAY CONTEST , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee Gallery1st ~
waaaaw , 7lwwaa el shot ..
ooh y3ni 7ata wnti 3yooz ! mat5yl shklch w nti 3ndch ipod
w tsm3een hhhhhhh .. anywayzz 
i &lt;3 it &amp; it's  favedel capture ♥me2

fav&lt;3musiccc&lt;3
love ya hun :*N!cE I can't live without music tooo &lt;3 ;)) Love ya SoSa :PMusic &lt;3 ! 
Love the Bookeh
Fav :D Love youFantastic *raw3a 
www.flickr.com/photos/45801453@N05/4343625466/in/photostr...
lov u soso 3bdullawooow so nice 
=)
keep going 

comment me plz =PHi, I'm an admin for a group called Đ.W, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wooow &lt;3this is beautiful !

Raw3aa

abdaaaa3

yjnnn shakl elbokeh

=)




R photographer 

.Great work!

Fav

Raw3a

oh wow , i like it &lt;3333
....great shot, like it a lotAmazing capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ماشاء الله روعه الاضاءة جد تسلم ايدجAmazing &lt;33
Fav ; ~
jamel ilfocus &lt;3Niiiiice &lt;3well takenCool shot. ThanQnice picture
please
comment me 
='&quot;)rwwwwwww3a mashalla fnana il Foucs ♥♥
7loo el.foucs (Y)Super colors, great bokeh and the composition is nice too !

Great shot =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² ) great taken , great capture , great focus , great colors 
 deserve a big FAV !

btw ; i like the fontfave ;*رووعة ..!

كومنت مي اند نوتي بلييييز

www.flickr.com/photos/46596373@N06/4346494764/▌▒▌♥▪→→ ωǿǾǿω ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪



Ni!CE niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..
niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..
niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe .. .. .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe 


¸¨°º¤ø„...ø¤º° ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
¨°º¤ø„¸ Nice ♥ ~!!¸„ø¤º°¨
¸„ø¤º°¨ Nice picture!!! `°º¤ø„¸ 
¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸¨°º¤

¸¨°º¤ø„...ø¤º° ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
¨°º¤ø„¸ cOмMεnt!!¸„ø¤º°¨
¸„ø¤º°¨ мε ρℓzZz!!! `°º¤ø„¸ 
¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øExplore
=)Great !!Buena captura! me agradan las tonalidades.. :)whats on your ipod?
Awesome p!!c 

 BTW love the focus 

Fav lajl 3yoonch yaa a'3la saroo fee ildnya ;pN ! C E   ;)Niiice Focus ( y )

keep it up ;rw3aaa
ebdaaa3
979eeeeeeeem

3la 8lby walla

akeeed faaav


cooment me &amp;noot 

plezz

=$love it mn &lt;3great taken &lt;3 * ...[ lovely ]amazzing ♥♥ 6anQ :pSo EleGanT &lt;3&gt;3 it روعه الصوره وربي نايسس

 وماعليها كلام







walla raw3aa &lt;33 shot ;)


&lt;33 !amazing details :) !!wo0w wo0ow 

raw3a

&lt;&lt;&lt;3 

fav 

comment plzgwach allah!
mashalla really great shoot &amp; great pose &amp; beautiful model(Y):D
y36eech al3fyah;** ya zeen 'theek il-3yooon mashallah

7elwa il-ideaSimply lovely..i like it so much !details il pic khayaaal!fantastic imageamazing!Very Nice Shotraw3a!!
luv her &quot;eye expressions!&quot;
great shotKhayal !! mashallah ;)

Rawooooo3a
4 Sure
FAV
Tslm ymnachFnaaaaannaaaa 3alouya walla im n love with ur shots&lt;3&lt;3Mashallahgood one \
Nice pic I hope see ur commentRaweeea......~mashallah
beautiful picture:)ماشاء الله 

قمه فالابداع
 
◕‿◕

推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推
推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推推
推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞　　推推推推
推推　　赞赞赞赞推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推推
推推　　赞　　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推推
推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞　　推推推推
推推推　　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推推
推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推Wild cat :) Brilliant shot Alianice B&amp;WAmei, pronto. Não preciso falar mais nada.
Caso contrário serei repetitiva! Porque você é
sempre demais nas edições e eu vivo falando
 isso! *-*love this...MP this is scrumptious! The sandals look as though they are made of ice cream! or am I just seeing things? :o)NICE i love the colours and the pov
great work regards.I like the slippers facing the water. Nice view + angle. Superbly done, my friend.
Thanks for sharing.belissimo detalhe e angulolindissimo registro..gostei muito da tonalidade da foto!linnndoo neh, como sempre.. tu sempre arrasa né! ;)demaaais, amei! AWESOME! seen in :

&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2as cores e os detalhes ficaram tão perfeitos qnossa, faltaram ate palavras agora, me resta dizer que amei muito!que paz que essa foto tem !!
eu sou viciada no seu flickr =)seu trabalho é lindo demais!Que buena imagen, te quedo preciosaobrigada a todos, pelos coemntários...
e, sim, Mollie, grande sacada: o chinelo parace um sorvete de creme em lasca... são as Havaianas conquistando o mundo...that explains a lot! ))) haha, just kiddind ) 

very cute picture, well done!puts favoritei 
muuito massaque perfeiçãoobrigada!and who needs any language in a moment like this?Mary, what a amazing shot! Its wonderful. I just loved it!!!!!thanks, Mary, good to share it with you!Incrível trabalho ! Teu toque transforma tudo em arte !Very cool indeed!very nice ♥This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.SO beautiful!!!! I love this!thanks very much to all of you. 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group a href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/heartawards/&quot;&gt; 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Excellent!  Congrats on Explore.thanks very much. it was a real surprise to me!great image, fantastic shot and excellent treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)thanks, Pal! Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 Very lovely and nice!



Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1 Award 4 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 adoreeeeeeei *-*Que cores incriveis *-* ficou maravilhosa! 
Hahahaha muito obrigada! Nem sou cega hahaha pelo contrario! Hahahalawo2
ganah lening!laju tehhhhhhhhhh....hahahahahahalawo boh..pergh!!!!
tone ko kedek MENGAUM NI!!!!
best aaaaaaaaaaaaaaatone mmg cantik ar..respectnice compo pk..Cun camera. Cun kaler. Ala ala Lomolawo2.....mmg cantikOM2 tadok ke?[http://www.flickr.com/photos/yoshi_smogash/] mekasih boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hell62_trbs/] kne tehh skali...
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mohdhanafiah/] mekasih boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/dilaohdila/] mcm rimau je neh..hehehehe
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/24900497@N06/] thank bro
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44097376@N04/] thank bro
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/popgum/] ye dop lomo...gane eh??
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/seri_09/] thank sis
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/eriani69/] mekasih kak
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/almanaf74/] almanaf...hok ni je ad or..hok jupe..heheheheganah demo loni..main filem plop.. lawa tones..~[http://www.flickr.com/photos/potophlayer/] eh...dop eh...sje je tuh..wat modelini kamera best..mcm kamera bapak den..hehe..tone fahmi menjd tul.nice2marbeles bro :)excellent shotpergh! model tuLovely shot.Nice tones !Tones nya cantik, pakai shadow lagi, genit sikit la tp manis.wow, Really Good shotreaLLy memang cLassic my friend.....;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/al-taqi/] ape lagi taqi....pakai la kamera bapak kau tuh...hehehehehe
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/badaisalji/] thank
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/yasinhassan/] thank
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/31422073@N06/] nk suh kau jd model...xnk..hehehehe
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hjesamdyunos/] mekasih haji esa
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/34608936@N04/] mekasih
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/tehkici/] mekasih sis
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33762698@N05/] thank
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/28413466@N05/] thank caco...kemah doh setare nin....
main bokeh saje die..ko pergi situ tak ajak aku pun... aku 5 minit je dari situ...........[http://www.flickr.com/photos/fairuz_frz/] ye dop peruz???mekasih byk
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ams_photoshop/] la...ye ke???smlm g cri barang sket kat situ..hehehehehe....xpe..pasni dh tau...leh kontet dh...nom dh ade xpe2kemah2...explore tuhebat2.. congrtas la bro..boh....filem camera mmg retro..hasil yg xde tandingi...lighting bezz...bila nk upload hasil OM2 ni..hehe.i like these pictures . i have pictures of more cameras in my profile if want see it
lwa tone nie fahmi eh.. yg deme punye ke?chantik tone nya....katang tu.. haha..amber comey aweks lg... ahakssss... :-)nak jual ke....[http://www.flickr.com/photos/along_pinky/] mekasih boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/afira_kb/] mekasih boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/haijue_pokka/] xleh nk gune gop..hehehehe
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/muhammadshawalhusin/] OM10 neh..bukan OM2...xleh paka
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cetusan88/] hok ambe...tp dop paka
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/8670055@N02/] thank bro
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/due_amah/] mekasih boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/42213917@N07/] deme awek sokmo...wakakakaka
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33488374@N03/] xleh nk pakai pon neh...wat model je..heheheheooo wt deme..dok pe xpaka pon..asl kn ade koleksi..ehehhe[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cetusan88/] gini je la huduh2..hehehehehecool shot, stunning.I still have my one of these - I must get it out and try it sometime.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great collection..
bape piteh mung beli nem?[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41984888@N07/] thank sis
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/aspidistra/] erm....this is my collection only....not work anymore
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/edoitheology/] muroh je tuh...bukan leh paka pon.....hari Selasa di Amcorp Mall?...
..sudah dekat tu..lawo ni!!! bijok2wow thats impressive, how to you mess up taking a photo of a camera? well, grats you messed it up this is competely AWFUL and bad, just total garbage.....WE ALL HAVE A CAMERA...and for everyone above who faved and posted....we get it, you have tricked flickr into thinking really bad boring photos are interesting......he heres an idea, instead of wasting all your time posting bad snapshots of bad cameras....why dont you actually learn to use one and try and take some actual photos?fuh, lawo nih... 
congrats masuk interestingness ;)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/reezuan/] dekat ngan umah kau ke
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/faridhilmi/] mekasih byk boh
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/45958316@N04/] up to you
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/badriza/] ha???msuk interesting??cmne ek nk taupegi kat tab explore, tgk interestingness, pilih tarikh 9hb February .. :) woo...congrats, congrats...pinjam boleh? hehe[http://www.flickr.com/photos/badriza/] gmbr anda pon hebat jgk...ade td tgk...tahniah gak..[http://www.flickr.com/photos/fadhilah/] boleh2 kak...xde hal nye...wat jd model je la..sbb xleh pakai..hehehehelovely vignetting!!excellent view and cool blue hour too...
i never get sick such a breathtaking shoot....Bravo.
have  a sweet evening...have fun too.Well done
I give you a  FROM CITRIT,BEST OF YOURS
Citrit, best of yours!wow!! beautiful blue!!Splendid !Stunning shot.with the gangway and its reflections leading to the jetty.So  beautiful as always.....  I always love those rich blues..Beautiful reflection. The composition is superb. Gorgeous colours!so beautiful shot!!!Stunning wonderful ...
I can't get enough of this !!!  :)FAVED...something new ...lovely blue hr.Most outstanding.Good capture!Absolutely love your blues~gorgeous
the water looks like glass!so awesomely beautiful!The blue is soothing to the eyes. Great shot,bro.Amazing capture !!!!Sooooo.... beautiful! 吓死人的detail :)Great shotI admire your work. It is truely outstanding.awesome! great shot! did you use a blue filter?crystal sharp!I love blue hour too... don't worry, just shoot and post non stop!!! Haha...very beautiful blue!betcha  by golly wow!Really like the stones underneath the waters surface.Wonderful blue. Really beautiful. Love the reflections!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)lovely blue hour and contrast with yellow jetty lightBeautiful Punggol end!fantastic onegreat view of punggol. nice blue.beautiful angle and reflection, wonderful composition and great blue blue color!wicked processing spell again. I think I can never had any Skill closer to u bro , still kept in my freezer , no time to touch those shot yet due to new year preparation force by jo to accompany her buying goodies n much more.
PBut good to see ur work first so I can know how far I lag behind u, ha ha..0This is excellent! The reflections on the water and the blue sky are so amazing! Great capture!Great scenery! And I love blue sky!really good one !!!!so sharp, awesome blue hour shot!!Maravillosa!!
estupenda imagen
felicidades
Un saludo
Yerson JairMaravillosos azules y reflejos. Buen encuadre...
saludosWHAOU !
Quel nuance et contraste de bleu !
Bravosplendida prospettiva!Another nice blue location!cant go wrong with this shot!!
the blues are everything!!! but also the rocks underwater make it even more wonderful composition!Awesome capturesuperb composition. beautiful blue. love the lighting. thanks for sharing my friend.

Fantastic, I can see thru the water...did you use a polarizer?awesome...so beautifulWonderful blue color.makes me speechless......Your landscape shots never fails to capture my eyes.

This shot is a beauty.Beautiful blue and clear water!Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Fantastic scene, love the sharp details and coloursa wonderful shot and engaging, appealing to the eye, very good, congratulationsthis is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Post this magnificent shot to the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP 

Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)



faved 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Which will look like this:
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group what a Nice Shot:) Congratulations!
you have been invited to join
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2) 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Which will look like this: 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Punggol Jetty? I've have not seen this place. I love the view, and the low angle...Seen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called **THE  BEST  VISIONS** ( Post 01, Award 03 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Seen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3) 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This photo really sparkles!

Seen in A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem/My Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolSeen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;This photo really sparkles!

Seen in A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem/lovely composition, beautiful blue and colours!


Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.So beautiful *-*This photo really sparkles!

Seen in A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem/ *★ Beautiful Shot ★
  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;A wonderful picture !!!! So nice !




Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;My Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolwow 5*
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group EXTRAORDINARY CAPTURE !!!
Fabulous Shot !!!!
Seen in :

Post 01, Award 03
www.flickr.com/groups/thebestvisions/My Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group pool
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;My Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolMy Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolMy Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolMy Gear And Me
www.flickr.com/groups/my_gear_and_me/
Add 1 photo and award 5 others on first 2 pages of group poolThat is perfection GreatVery nice angle, well done

This photo really sparkles!

Seen in A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem/Gran foto.
Saludos.

EXCELLENT CAPTURE ! ! !
ADD THIS PHOTO TO: 

Post 01, Award 03
www.flickr.com/groups/thebestvisions/
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
WOW!! seen on :


WILD CLICK!!
Please Post 1, Award 1I like the reflections in this great shot.An interesting and nicely shot image... truly appreciate your sharing it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)love the blues and reflections in this pictureOhh... this is new location huh!!! Great smooth effect here!!lovely nightshot!

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE  !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 
Seen in
FLICKR Stars group,
post 1 invite 1 award 6
and tag &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; on your picture

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE --
 !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only

--
Seen in the group&quot;!★High Quality Images★ Post 1 , Award 7!!!&quot; ( ?² ) !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ©  Your Best of Today  © - through  my eyes ! welcome  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!



Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE  !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only
Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS,
agrega 1 Premia 6
agrega la etiqueta &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; en tu foto !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only(First here too) exceptionally cool perspective, Boba.  Lots of cobbley stoney kinds of things.  Lovely colors too.Second! :o)
Amazing capture Boba...Very unusual!Cool shot. Like the perspective,color and texture.how do you like that G11?Beautiful!
Looking at this strong capture I thought: watch out or I'll turn to stone!!
www.youtube.com/watch?v=Itv6Kt8M-v4
GTThank you guys!

@Nathan and Ben: Congratulations on the 1st and 2nd places! :o)

@Harry: I love G11. I haven't learnt all its tricks yet, I'm leaving all the work to the camera, but I'm more than happy with the results. 

@Willem: I might appoint you my official title-giver!texture, colors and compo!!Nice work Good day my dear friendOne of your best Boba !!!!
A perfect perspective with a fantastic point of view !!!!!
Great shot.Wow!!! I want to re-do my entire living room like that:)
Wall to wall stones, &amp; the 'rollin' kind too.... &amp; such pretty colors. Lovely eye B!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Force of Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The simpler . the better, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Speechless...imaginative, creative, great inspiration!Great..Really superb! Well done! My fav Italy pic? Maybe....fascinating wall construction. It certainly makes a lovely picture.wonderful capture! the patterns, textures and tones are amazing!odlicna perspektiva!Beautiful shot!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Click The Camera, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Lines Curves and Shadows - 1 post 2 comments -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!incredible find!!  each stone lays proudly on its own!great pov - great shot !!very nice bobbat!Interesting perspective! :-)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Always meant to visit Bergamo. Now I know why :)Thank you all!

@bradman334: You simply must!! And you must go to the upper town, it's absolutely gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Wanna B a Troll?? or would you like to swing on a Star, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

A wounderful way to stay close to the stones..you never know what comes around the corner!
Goodie!Nice use of the wall as a lead into the frame .. works really well.Gorgeous perspective and great stuff, Boba ... all those shapes, patterns and textures !!!  Excellent ... Colors are gorgeous too !bas je zanimljiva.super perspective love the anglesuperbe comopsition.Lovely shot with the light enhancing the shapes.Kako inspirativan ambijent .. :)Boba - this is so excellently cool!!  WOW - love the cobblestones on the street and on the wall - the colours are awesome.  Really like the selective focus you've used in this one and the mossy green by the archway.  Superb shot!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very impressive perspective, I really like this shot :-)What cool colors those stones are, and what a interesting POV! I love the way you send my eyes down to the vanishing point in the shot, Boba!dobra fotka... dobra...Stunningly good.Great perspective, Boba!! I think when one walks along this road one wouldn't see the variety of colours of the stones. Your picture makes them visible!Great photy Bobba!brilliantThis is such a great angle and perspective!!An interesting perspective =) And the atmosphere is special too
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Excellent!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Good perspective.This is an outstanding shot


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Simply beautiful!!!Holy!  this is Grand, boba!what great natural textures this shot has - wonderful perspective too!

► This great photo was seen in Alternative Views.
This great photo
was seen in Alternative Views.
This great photo 
was seen in Alternative Views.Wowza!  Great goodness!previous shot
WONDERFUL COMPOSITION!

Have a magical Wednesday, My Dear Friend.

...Awesome work on this, looks terrific.   :)

Seen in 
It’s An AddictionWild! Really great work here.Nicefabulous work Brian :]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called :)  ., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

impresionanteHi, I'm an admin for a group called RecoilX (P1/C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely creation here!Fantastic capture!Great image you have created here.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Friends Flickr Award - Remember Post 1 Award 3 -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 Please post your FANTASTIC SHOT on:
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3Top Notch!!Excellent composition !incredible composition!
beautiful work!Super cool...You know I love it!Wow!  That's great Brian!Nice work! FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Les Fleurs du Bien (Admin  Invitation ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fantastic work

jauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Wow! Mad processing! Excellent work!!somebody went to Photoshop class :D

sweet!Where do you find the time?
Great work. FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3wow! very cool work! FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :

&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3Amazing work! : )This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post here

Congratulations!!! You have been awarded a “Flickr United” Medal! 
If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Flickr United
Please tag your photo: FlickrUnitedAwardExcellent fantasy work, my friend ...
 Admired this fabulous piece of art:
 Les Fleurs du Bien ( Invitation only)Great work!!!NIce job! I like how ya did Saturn nice and suttle...

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE this is beautifulYOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ON THE FIRST 3 PAGES


If you Received 6 more PEACE AWARDS 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)
.

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)Fantastic.YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)
.YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)
.Wow! This is so beautiful, Brian!YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more 
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE 
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post 
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)
I saw your picture in our group ALL PHOTOS WANTEDI think I've seen this shirt?!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks for sharing in ☆The Power Of Now ☆group ♥In soviet Russia car drive you, eh comrade.Gareth I dont understand but For the Motherland!Beautiful camera !What about the lens, have you tried it ? lol! Yep!
 The Russian writing? lol.
 Only received this in the mail yesterday, so no use as of yet!This camera is SO cool... 
Actually I've just gotten my own, but haven't tried it out yet!:)

Great shot
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excelent composition!!@gareth. no the '50s years to Soviet Authority'  Thanks guys!
 It's a &quot;rare&quot; anniversary edition camera that came out in the 60's.你好，我是 MuLTi MeGa SQuaRe 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！

--


500x500
...we like to see your
interesting square photo
in our group 500x500!!! .

--
Seen in the group&quot;500x500&quot; ( ?² )Fav! Wow, this is beautiful :)自備灑水器嗎？  不然怎都這麼剛好友水阿
金水捏︿︿aawesome as usual sandy!很老的波斯菊嗎?

^^&quot;老過頭的波斯菊^^so lovely ! 


MuLTI MeGa SQuaReExzellent. &lt;3 Wunderschöner Fokus und ein bezauberndes bokeh. Gute Arbeit. &lt;3nice light and bokeh.


MuLTI MeGa SQuaRe這是波斯菊嗎? ^^&quot;
你們沒講我還認不出是波斯菊 :Plovely capture and wonderful bokeh!我不確定這是不是過氣的波斯菊耶...?!
我是在園藝店看到它
覺得他很可憐 沒人關照它
所以特別為它拍了一張....
XDwonderful colour!lovely capture and nice bokeh!Lovely.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )賣不掉就是這個下場


XD你好，我是 Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！

Awesome ~你好，我是 Eye zoom ! Esthetique ! ( Invite only ) 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！very good green background as well as sun lights through tree branches!Lovely shot.Wonderful droplets!Beautiful!!! ... green bokeh too!I saw this in: 

 Flowers ☆

5 + Awards POST HERE!!
Icon Contest White Flower 
is opened - Join it ~开始凋谢了　amazing capture!賣不掉就是這個下場
--------
沒錯 :P構圖和散景漂亮!!Wow...this is gorgeous!Lovely!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)又是魔幻公园的剪影～～～你好，我是 Square gallery  [P1/A2] 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！very pretty :)你好，我是 Aaa macro 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！

500x500
...we like to see your
interesting square photo
in our group 500x500!!! .Love the colors散景很棒！Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

殘了，我喜歡^^Very Very Beautiful  shot hereWow, awesome!!
reflection yang mesti cantik dalam gambar ni!!whoa stunning.!!!!
the reflections are priceless!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/33762698@N05/] thanks

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/34462417@N08/] also thanks

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/zaqography/] thanks for thatstunning reflections!wah cun.. kaler langit dan reflection. mantop!Very beautiful capture !whoa!! reflection biru !!
:Dchomeyyy!!kemah..suk sgt tgk reflection dier....well donebijok plek nimwow,amazing,great clarity and colors!Fascinating capture my friend!
have a great Wednesday !lawo ngat nim, reflect jahat tow....smart bohWonderful capture, Lovely view &amp; reflections friend!!!The perfact shotSalam,

MasyAllah! Cantiknya....siap ngan reflectioin mengancam sekali! Well done bro!Excellent composition! Very beautiful!Love the reflection. Beautiful colours and composition!reflection terbaik..amazingnice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)awesome viewCantik ah bro! Keep up the good work!very nice reflection..waa...mengancam sekali, kat reflection ada awan gemawan, kat langit smooth....bijak bijak bijak...:)most perfect shot i've ever seen! good job! :)super mirrorthis is very beautiful, makes me dream a little bit. greetings from the snow :-)Excellent reflections...
Brilliant shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Artistic Shoot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome reflections!!e pp!lawa lawa!cantiknice reflection ...thanks to all!waduh cantiknyer...
masjid kat mana ni bro??wow[http://www.flickr.com/photos/akalbudi/] kt kuala ibai, kuala terengganu, TDI.. meh ah sini try shot skali.. huhu

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/dodon/] thanks

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Wow lawa reflection tu!Cantiiik se cantik cantiiiiknyaaaaa.. Reflectionnya muantaaab taaaab.pergh
sharp gila gamba ini
senak perot tengok~Ottimo panorama dai colori brillanti e spumeggianti.
Molto buoni i toni che restituiscono all’insieme dei colori carichi ma molto naturali grazie ad un sapiente bilanciamento del bianco. 

Gradevoli  i neri che risultano corposi e profondi mentre i bianchi puliti risultano brillanti
Molto buona ed appropriata la nitidezza non troppo marcata ma nemmeno soft o slavata.
Complimenti.

This is Artistic image
  
Artistic Shoot 
please tag your picture&quot;Artistic Shoot&quot;reflection terbaik....awan biru menarik...How fabulous! So wonderful... Amazing!



--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )ever so gorgeous, such beautiful architecture &amp;&amp; symmetry!cantiknyaaaaaaaaaaa.......... :-)He was a good cat. It's so sad to say goodbye. 
I love the picture! :) Glad you have it.waoh
cool focus for this
like him making use of your pants....I can relate on these cold days, I like to turn myself into a burrito with the bedspread to warm up.
nice memoryVery sorry for your loss Jennifer ... but it's nice that you have photos like this one to help you hang on to the memories.It's hard to lose a pet, but it's nice that you have memories to share in photos. Great shot, by the way.I love this..........God Bless your Oliver..........What a sweet shot :)such a sweet picture!It's so hard, I know. My dear Sam, a cute black and white tuxedo passed away last July. He was a shining star in our life for 12 years after we found him on vacation in Cape Cod way back when. It gets easier, but just takes time.What a wonderful memory! I lost my cat Abby after 19 years, and I treasure the photos I've gathered from her kitten days on.SO sweet ... love my kitties!!!Oh, so sorry!  It's so hard to lose a furry friend...  That's a wonderful picture...Beautiful and dear.What a precious memory!  I lost my labradoodle Gracie the week before Christmas.  In January, I found a picture my son had taken of me giving her a treat, while the cats tried to get at the can.  He titled it &quot;feeding time at the OK Corral!&quot;I'm so sorry for your loss.  I can tell he was loved.So sorry! But that picture is just beautiful and a great memory!What a sweet capture of your friend. I am so sorry for the loss, i have lost a few myself, but its so nice to have the photos.Just noticed your image was picked on Pioneer Woman's site today. It's an awesome shot. We lost our cat last summer. I share your pain. You're lucky you have a nice memory of him via your photo!awwwwwww...what a darling.Thank-you, everyone, for all your kind words! I'm glad to be able to share Oliver with you all this way...What a great picture and a sweet memory. I lost my Tuesdae this past fall, after 16 years. She loved sleeping in jeans, too.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hircjudi/2629188508/sizes/s/in/set-72157605923121278/]A good kitty makes life all the sweeter.  We finally got a new kitty after a 4 year dry spell, and life is good.  Great photo.I'm so sorry.  It's so tough to lose such a dear friend.  What a lovely capture you have here...So beautiful and touching.  Thank you so much for sharing.  It made me miss my cat, and he's just a couple of blocks away at home!I'm so sad for you...I have had many cats over the years and know how sad it is to lose one.  Love your photo.Sorry to hear the lost.. nice pics by the waySo sorry.  It is hard.  My avatar is my good girl that I lost in 2008.I'm so sorry. I just lost my Amalthea after nearly 20 years.What a wonderful picture. It is heartbreaking to lose a pet when they are part of the family. Congrat's on this being shown on PW's site:)すごくいいですね。最高


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/Amazing shot!COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui Beautiful!Excellent shot.Very nicely captured!Kingは神奈川県庁本庁舎、Queenは横浜税関、Jackは神奈川県開港記念会館ですね？
都市伝説なんですが、３つ全て見渡せることができましたか？amazing capture!I love the minimalism of this, great work. AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2Muy original , me gusta mucho....


 AWESOME! seen in :

&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2Thanks everyone!


 この日はあまりの寒さにじっくり景色を眺めるどころじゃなかったですが、以前に同じポジション（足跡のマークがあるところ）から3つ見たことがあります。Jackを探すのにかなり苦労した覚えがあります。very cute... nice !!Excellent view point here... the people look so small and insignificant in this setting. Nicely shot!lovely, like the POV and tones.横浜の大さん橋という所なんですね。行ってみたいなぁ。great conceptVery interesting shot,  well done!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****--

seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****

--
Seen in the group&quot;Dragonfly Awards   *  Post1 - Award 3 *  *Sweeper Active*  &quot; ( ?² )Awesome
very interesting
I choose left side.hahathis is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 pst! i can tell you a thing or two about lighting :) and oink oink girl ;)

two biscuits?! damn i wish i could actually follow a single piece of advice when it comes to eating lolThis I can tell you -- I have only one Canon Speedlite 430EX II.  It (i) works pretty well, although is by no means as good as having another off camera flash; but (ii) I have never ever felt compelled to describe my strobist information in my description.  I think that happens when you get another flash.  So, the trade off is okay for me.

I hope this was helpful!!I'm lovin' your stream.  beautiful &amp; creepy!ROFL Stunning in a wonderfully creepy way!Love the mask and the hair combo, so excellent. 
Good luck shopping and mastering that, something I hope to do one day too. Those two biscuits disappeared so fast it was like they never existed. Need to get off my arse a bit more often, methinks : )

 Still not sure if I'll go for one or two. I shall have a nose through your stream trying to work out what you did now!

 Ha! I'd like that to be my epitaph - thanks!

 I think I need a series with Piglet now : )

 You work so well with natural light, but if you want to learn at the same time...Haha, nice use of 'natural' light :)Hello my piggy friend nice to meet you. Love your use of light.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Your pigginess is a surprise because of your excellent play with the light.  

I wish I could stop at two biscuits.  When it comes to Dark Chocolate I've no control at all.Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Copper Cloud &amp; Silvern Sun {Admin Invite Only} P1~A3, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Så vacker! Underbar kompositon och färger !Stórglæsileg mynd, fallegir litir...  Vona að þú eigir góðan dag Jaana :)Pretty tones ...well captured!Vackra lila toner och härlig siluettverkan!Gorgeous composition and colors!Beautiful capture!Upeat värit!
Mukavaa åäivän jatkoa sinne! :)


FRIENDS are inviting you to join them.
Please post this wonderful photo to their group
and add the tag &quot;FRIENDS&quot; ~ thank you!!wow... jopas onnistuit bongaamaan hyvät väritkin!Beautiful tones!
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )Beautiful shot ..love the colors !!!!fine capture hereamazing wonderfulI love how every bird is seperated and detailed, a great shot Jaana!super ces tonalités !!!Extremely Good.....Beautiful! Amazing how the birds follow the silhouette of the trees! Great capture!!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful light and color.  These look like some sort of ducks or geese to me.  Any idea on the species?  Lovely at the large view.ChipM2008 :  Yes, you are right, these are geese.  :O)I love the beautiful tones.Frábær mynd! Flottar skuggamyndir.beautiful, the days begin to be longer...
Excellent!!! Your work is ART!
Copper Cloud &amp; Silvern Sun
POST 1 / AWARD 3
Please tag your photo:CopperCloud&amp;SilvernSun
Please add your photo with 5 (or more) awards to the Work of Art ~ Photos with 5+ Awards thread!

great capture - lovely coloursGlæsileg mynd. Fallegir litir.Wonderful shot!
Excellent!!! Your work is ART! 
Copper Cloud &amp; Silvern Sun
POST 1 / AWARD 3
Please tag your photo:CopperCloud&amp;SilvernSun
Please add your photo with 5 (or more) awards to the Work of Art ~ Photos with 5+ Awards thread!great tones!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Eins og úr ævintýri.Frábært móment og litir :)Hienosti kuvattu ja hienot värit!Underbart ljus och färger - silouetterna av fåglarna är jättbra!




This awesome picture deserves a GOLD AWARD.
Please add your ***GOLD AWARD*** picture to our pool.
Please tag your picture with &quot;GOLD WILDLIFE&quot;
GOLD WILDLIFE **POST 1, AWARD 2**Töff myndWonderfu;;y capturred Jaana. I love the purple color so muvh. so dreamy.Beautiful silhouettes... very sharp.  I've seen this sight many times, but never with a violet sky. :)Jaana  geese are just so romantic in my mind.   I would love to see them flying over.    not much chance here I'm afraid.    lovely to experience them through your colourful image however,  thank you for that.Super image Jaana, It seems like everyone is shooting birds today.

This picture was seen in Cozy Corner (Your Best Shot). The colour of the sky is wonderful!
Beautiful composition!

This picture was seen in Cozy Corner (Your Best Shot). Upeat värit!Wow, a piece of art, very beautiful! I love the silhouettes of birds and trees and the colours are wonderful, great composition!

This picture was seen in Cozy Corner (Your Best Shot). Really great capture.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Flying over is easier than flying under!! LOL.  Great silhouettes!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natures Silhouettes (REMEMBER TO COMMENT!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Haha - love it.   Did you HDR the scene in the windows ? 

Nice execution on the idea as well.Thanks! Yes for this shot I really wanted to bring out the details outside the windows, so I combined multiple exposures from a single raw file.LOLHaha oh damm nice air catch of yourselfNice work. I did this one in a hotel when I was very bored:


*chuckle*
Good one!THis is the shit man!!Whoa! crazy awesome...I might try this!!!The Shit Man... Ahaaahahahahh! :D

Man... amazing. Love this work! :D Congratulations... Favorite now!Thanks all! I see this photo made a brief run in &quot;Explore&quot; so I thank you all for view &amp; commenting!!!ohhh this is so lovely, very soft.  Can I ask how you get Pareeerica's name to go right to her link?ohhhhh...so lovely...perfect texture for this photo!now this is 
pretty life!

love it!very dreamy and well done!prettyawww this is so beautiful - - I love all that wonderful light
thnks so much for playing my week and this is one of my absolute fave songs ever!Love the dreamy feel :)very pretty!Absolutely gorgeous in every way !  Well done :)sweeti love the softness to this :)Your wonderful image is EXPLORE Worthy!

Please add your image to the EXPLORE Worthy group.
Read the rules Tag with EXPLORE-Worthy.Truly gorgeous image... Gorgeous!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)ah eu amo essa música..
linda..
aliás...amos lee rocks my world!Hmmm!.. Got Peanuts?.. I know, so original.. lol... what a gorgeous healthy looking critter.. beautiful fur...nice one, Frank.&quot;Dress me up Squirrel&quot;. It reminds me of a paper doll just standing and waiting for it's next change. Beautiful capture with great clarity and detail!&quot;I know there's a nut around here somewhere...&quot;Here's another squirrel that thinks he's a Meerkat!  Nice capture.Beautiful shot.  Love that orange belly!Incredible detail!
Nice composition and focus. 
Awesome coloring on this beautiful bird!Ce 300mm donne des détails fabuleux, une belle réussite ici.Look at all the colors just in this pose, very nice shot !!That is amazing !!!  wonderful !!love the details here!Perfect Lily I Always Find These Real Differcult To Focus On , And You've Nailed It !Wonderful shot, sooo clear.  Love the detail!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful colour indeed, very good photo Lily!Wow!  This is a beautiful shot!!  You are really getting good with that D90!   Looking forward to more.Beautiful shot.Thanks to All for your wonderful comments and visits!!I always thought starlings were ugly..
This one has soooooo many beautiful colors..
You even managed to find a colorful Starling!!
I thought they were only black..seen in / visto en: 

beautiful bird... so elegant with those yellow...Wonderful pattern of the feathers...
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!Wow!  I didn't realize they had such beautiful and vivid color...   really nice sharp detail and focus in this shot!Woah!! A real stunner this,lily!!Wow, I can see why this made Explore!  You captured the details just perfectly!  It's been so long since a photo of mine made Explore ... I thought maybe flickr had discontiuned it!!!i like watching them fly around in their big flocks but that's about it. i don't like how they bully around other birds. you're right though, they are beautiful to photograph!I'm not fond of them either,but they are a very colorful and detailed bird! You have captured this Starling beautifully!Thank You All very much for your great comments!!A completely beautiful shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Yes they are a very rude bird, but the marking are beautiful and you've displayed them well in this photo. Excellent job.Thank You PAL, rafallano, Keith for your great comments!!Nice sharp colorful image of a bird that people brought to the US.  You have shown us that this under-loved bird is also a beautiful creature.muy buena foto, me gustael blanco y negro en la playa, es muy simple yy bella  la luz y la composicionIncreible el b/n y la composicion es perfecta.Fantástica compo!Me encanta el juego de luces y sombras, y la compo por supuesto. Tienes unas fotos muy interesantes.que luz tan buena y el paso a ByN es también muy bueno.
Alguno te dirá que la esquina superior izquierda está demasiado negra, pero a mi me gusta ese contraste, porque potencia las sombras. 
Buena Iokin. Un saludoY al fondo Galerna! Estoy con Iñaki, me encanta ese contraste!Muy buen uso del angular y magnífico tratamiento en blanco y negro, aunque la sombra de la izquierda parece un poco irreal

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
.... walking away from his own shadows, right?
--
Seen in the group&quot;*Desafío Fotográfico* / Comment on your faves /&quot; ( ?² )Vista en
&quot;Desafío Fotográfico&quot;
 Muy bella foto amigo,  te felicito !!!

&quot;Desafío Fotográfico&quot;
 Excellent capture of the moment. Great BW.Muy buena composición. Me gusta esa doble sombra-reflejo del chico y la mirada de la chica. Quizás el cielo del extremo izquierdo se ha quedado demasiado negro.
Saludos.Me encanta el encuadre, con la dureza del contraste de luz, y con una composición yo diría que bastante equilibrada. Me ha llamado la atención la doble sombra de él.
Se puede preguntar dónde es?
SaludosMuchas gracias a tod@s! Me alegro de que os guste. El cambio de lluvias a sol era muy brusco, y la parte oscura nos estaba anunciando nuevas lluvias.
Amaia.M.D. la foto está sacada en Boracay, una isla tipo Ibiza de Filipinas.Stunning pic!Aggree with Willem, absolutely stunnin!Really sharp! Nice shotGreat!amazing !!!I saw this picture in the Fave the car group and commented and faved it!

Fantastic shot! Very nice work!Nice shot.
Nice car !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )This looks brilliant! The snow adds a really nice touch. Well done!Wow,very nice shot !Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Audi R8 Spotting, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.the pink nails &lt;33this is perfect!I love how dark over all this is but how it has the few spots of vivid colour. I think it's my favourite ever of yours.Oh gosh, so neat!I like this. :]Makes me think of the movie Juno, don't know why...

Seen on Fluidrsmokin'.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!girls with addictions.This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.really good picture :)I love this! Great work!muy buena!Beautiful and delicate...lovely capture and dedication, Liam...so sorry to hear...I had posted my comment before your description...my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Take care.this is such a sad capturejust gorgeousso very sad...
so thought provoking....
tender....snow drops are about spring...a new life born...so very beautiful.Very lovely - The first snowdrop I've seen this year!Soft and delicate as befits the subject Liam, beautiful capture,and the blurred background shows it off a treatnice.  soft.  colorful.Liam?  
Snowdrops were my mother's favourite flowers, next to violets. Shortly after she died, a whole load of forget-me-nots flowered in our back garden.  They made my father cry.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)very delicate and yet it's head hanging down makes it look sad.:(
beautiful, Liam.fine macro job heremerveilleuse macro ...Lovely work !Beautiful!!!

We have lots of snow and I miss these little snowdrops...!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Copper Cloud &amp; Silvern Sun {Admin Invite Only} P1~A3, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb shot, LiamI am stunned. I hadn't &quot;seen&quot; you for awhile and when I saw this on thumbnail, I assumed you were back but not this way. I am so sorry. My wife is a cancer survivor so I know something of what you have gone through. My thoughts will be with you and your children.nice photo and a great sentiment. sorry for your loss.
I'm still waiting for my snowdrops to open. Any day now. 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I measc na nAingeal to raibh a nAnam dilis.
Liam I cannot express my sadness but be sure you are in my thoughts  and prayers.
God grant you strength for the road ahead.great capture....So, so sorry, my friend. A wonderful tribute.I'm so sorry, Liam.  The dedication wasn't up when I posted my earlier comment.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Mama's Bloomers ~ Invited photos ONLY ~ P1/C2 ~ FEB CONTEST!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

We’d love to see this beautiful bloom in Mama’s garden!

 Where Flowers &amp; Friends - Flourish! 

 Mama's Bloomers 
Your image is fabulous! This is a special invitation from Mama's Bloomers Admin/Mod team. Please post this marvelous image in Mama's Bloomers and join the group? &quot;INVITED photos only!&quot; Thank you. And check out our latest contest! Post 1, Comment 2. Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Coffee Klatch - Admin Invite Only - Post 1 - Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic image!!lovely detailI'm so sorry! Delicate and soft dedicate!I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.This fantastic macro was seen in:
 
 Macro Marvels (Invite Only) Post 1 Comment 2
Please tag with MacroMarvelsI am so sorry to hear your sad news Liam.  My deepest condolences.  I am sure this beautiful photo captures the deep love you and  your family had for her.Liam, I am so sorry for your loss. My deepest condolences to you and your children.Utterly lovely image full of love and pain , the head hanging down .......I am so sorry for your loss, my deepest thoughts go to you dear Liam and your family ....Amazing
 From an admirer of Mama's Bloomers 
 Where Flowers &amp; Friends - Flourish! 

This wonderful image deserves a Mama's Bloomers Award. 
&quot;INVITED photos only!&quot; 
Post 1, Comment 2. 
 From an admirer of Mama's Bloomers 
 Where Flowers &amp; Friends - Flourish! 

This wonderful image deserves a Mama's Bloomers Award.
&quot;INVITED photos only!&quot;
Post 1, Comment 2. --


Coffee Klatch
 It’s wonderful to see your beautiful photo in the pool.
 INVITED photos only! 
 Post 1, Comment 2. 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Coffee Klatch - Admin Invite Only - Post 1 - Comment 2&quot; ( ?² )I'm very sorry for you Liam. It's a tender tribute. Hugs my friend.Mein aufrichtiges Beileid...

Coffee Klatch
 It’s wonderful to see your beautiful photo in the pool.
 INVITED photos only! 
 Post 1, Comment 2. ai adorei muito ela!!!!!!!Oh...I love her wild curls! So cute.muito fofa!Amei!
Esse cabelo está mara, tudo de bom, assim que eu gosto de mohair, embrulhado e difícil kkkkkkkkkk!
Beijoca Aninha, boa viagem!Muito linda Ana ! :)
Bom passeio.Que linda ela ficou... Mudou muito e ficou fofa!ruivinha sardenta maisiii foufa!freckles! é a kate do lost, mas ruivinha ;Damuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu minha sobrinha! mais linda ainda! smackkk ^^[http://www.flickr.com/photos/samarakiihl/]
Muito obrigada Samara =)
Beijos

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/vanhatupa/]
Thank you so much!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/suzanacruz/]
Suzana, obrigada!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/mary_pop/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/31220336@N02/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/plurais/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bell_chan/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/feapple/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32010972@N03/]
Meninas queridas, obrigada! Ficamos muito felizes com os comentários!
Beijokasimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!The freckles are sweet!Que linda!!! carinha de arteira!!!Beautiful, the sillhouetted tree in the left really makes thisLove the colours. The tree is greatWonderful!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)This sunset is absolutely CAPTIVATING!!! 
Please add it along with the most interesting sunsets in 
 &quot;sunsets of our hearts&quot;Waaaaaaah! at the shoe!!  I hadn't noticed that!beautiful sunsetBeautiful.beautiful!lovely sunset :-)Really beautiful. I love the 'shoe'!Captured the atmosphere really wellFantastic sunset! Great composition and focus!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Gorgeous sunset, great coloursWOW!Thanks all :-)Splendid capture.That is stunning!Gorgeous!this is just so beautiful. light is wonderful, and i especially love the little leaf hanging on the end of the branch alone. the shape is fantastic, like a little high heeled boot/shoe!! lovely capture!gorgeousBeautiful,,,,I love it !!!Thanks for stopping by my stream and leaving a comment!  I really like the coloring in this.  Very warm.Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.wonderful!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot; (?)Super sunset!beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called *Fat Bee &amp; Dancing Gull* (Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful shot!Gorgeous.Beautiful. I agree that the tree adds a lot of interest to an already lovely shot.Lovely! Congrats on explore!This is just gorgeous, congrats on exploreFantastic hues and shadows on this gorgeous sunset image!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful work, I love that tree as your framing!!

I saw this fantastic capture at

Fat Bee &amp; Dancing Gull (INVITE ONLY) P1/A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Master Photographers GalleryGorgeous

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)Mees: I ordered lobster for tonight. That hunger strike was realy unbearable.

Butterfly: Little man and Pip din't want to be photographed at all and right they are. By the way I joined Mees with the lobster.

Sukke: I simply refuse to eat today too. Hope &quot;she&quot; will realise by than what she has been doing to us.

het is ze toch maar weer mooi gelukt... :)
mooie 'kattekopjes'That's a wonderful capture!Wonderful look in this excellent portrait.hello guys ! it was about time !
( second picture unavailable Katz )

----------------

Please tag your photo with &quot;bestofcats&quot;!
invited with SICI (2009-02-24)boiled lobster to perfection with a dollop of melted garlic butter, now you're talking my language! yes, it's been a while and I'm glad that you voiced your opinion about not getting enough air time on Flickr.GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardJammer dat ik niet bij dat voortreffelijke portret van Sukke kan komen.
Allemaal een fave wat mij betreft.
specialpet_portraits_invited_photos_only Post1/Comment1

You have been invited to add this wonderful picture to
Kissable Kats ~ Post Invited Images Only!
**Please Read Group Rules**

Please add the tag &quot;kissablekat&quot;such handsome portraits of all the cats
l love every one !!
l think they will be happy enough without lobster
just tell them that they are very much admiredWoo Hoo!  The Katz are back!  : DOh, the babies make an appearance, and lobster we shall all have!  Time for a celebration!  
I love your shots - they are so perfect!  

My lens is a Sigma 120-400 4.5-5.6.  Or I should say, that was the lens I used for the goose head shot.  Thank you for asking!  And yes, I live in Arizona!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gatto Rockello, and we'd love to have this added to the group!At long last we get a glimpse of the kitties! And it is so lovely to hear from them again. They deserve the lobster for being so patient ;-)

I mostly use Diorissimo, but I very much like Jo Malone's scents, particularly the orange blossom. She does a whole line of wonderful scents and you can buy them online here www.jomalone.co.uk/. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I love these kitties !!!!!!!!!!!!Wat een blikken, vooral Butterfly! Kijken ze altijd zo?
(Mees is niet te zien)They all are soooo gorgeousI love your cats and I missed them! :)

Ps. The first picture in the comment field is not visibleWellcome back!Oh such beautiful kitties, lovely captures!Thank goodness, you poor kits!  It's so good to see you again, I thought Mum gave you away!

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2...I tried to tell her - not one cat photo on the front page at all. 

I love all your fur babies Katz, but that Sukke is just so beautiful, 
her eyes are mesmerizing ... 
Lucky looks like he's all healed up from his horrible experience 
Mees and Butterfly must of really enjoyed that lobster. 
kitty kisses all around pleaseWhat super photographs! Such personality, and such amazing focus and detail. I think they really know when to sit still for you.they all look especially wonderful..... absence makes the heart grow fonder?  any lobster left for the rest of us?Oh happy day.  I have missed you.Misschien is het tijd voor een burgerinitiatief....Ik ken nog wel een paar katten die willen tekenen..
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )Wonderful capture!the first shot is really awesome -- the collection is beautiful!Prachtig die rooie, en die zwarte moet zich beter wassen (je ziet alles op dat zwart).Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;I love my pics&quot; Post One Award Two..SWEEPER IS RUNNING, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thank goodness we get to see you beautiful kitties again!!
I was about to go on a hunger strike myself until you got your time on here :)wow ... ils sont so &quot;cute&quot;I miss you all guys :o)beautiful !!! favourited!!!!
This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed ln:

 &quot;I love my pics&quot;This Beautiful lmage 
Was Viewed ln: 

 &quot;I love my pics&quot;kool looking kat!What a pity that you need such a drastic action. I'm happy to see you here again dear cat family.
Have a nice day

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Well done guys!  I really missed my furry friends :))
Just seen you in Explore too!you guys, you deserve to stay here, also on front page !!I support your strike. Lobster good choice.:)Prachtige portretjes van de hongerstakers;-) Als het hier voorkomt dat ze overal hun neus voor optrekken haal ik maar een ouwe spreuk van mijn moeder van stal; de poesjes in Afrika zouden het heel graag opeten!;-)Dat is aardig wat katz! En erg mooie foto's, het zijn werkelijk plaatjes!Eindelijk, daar zijn jullie weer eens. Goed zo jongens, harde aktie. Hebben jullie al petjes en fluitjes én natuurlijk een leuze:):)Helemaal geweldig.................leuk ze weer eens te zien!!!Wat een mooie poezen portretten met een mooie dof!This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed ln:

 &quot;I love my pics&quot;prachtig! Lucky en Butterfly zijn voor mij het mooiste deze keer, maar Mees blijft mijn favoriet! Prachtige ogen hebben ze allemaal.. Sukke is ook een hele mooie, kortom: leuk ze te zien!Finally... now everything is back to normal =OBeautifull kittys!

Please Vote: ~Best Of January~
~~~&amp;~~~ Nominate: ~Pool Favorite for February~Welcome back little darlings! Great shots :)Seen in:



Flickr Gold Award  
Post 1, and award 5Cool cats :))
Please Vote: ~Best Of January~
~~~&amp;~~~ Nominate: ~Pool Favorite for February~It is great to see you all!!! 
En waar zijn Pip en Mannetje??Simplesmente sensacional!
Excelente fotografia, man!Mesmo de improviso seu enquadramento sai show!

beijo e boa terçaO Ruy até de cabeça pra baixo vai fotografar bem...


Lindas as duas. 
E na segunda a motoca vermelha tava bem na sua frente... aiaiai... rsrsrsrsrs

Bjks!!!Fotaço... mais uma né!  hehehe
Abraços e um   bom dia migo.
:-Ique ângulo maravilhoso...
que lugar mais lindo...
ainda sonho em conhecer o Arco do triunfo... =]
Maravilhas de fotos!!
Lindos registros!!
Adorei as duas!
Sensacional!adorei o ângulo!linda fotografiabacana o detalhe do cara de vermelho.

esse enquadramento é legal
pq dá uma idéia de dimensão.
e o Arco é lindo !

:O)

bjsnao me canso de olhar suas fotos! principalmente Paris...um monumento belissimo!!!
:)Great angle!Realmente esse ângulo ficou show!
Usou uma grande angular?

bjoAs habilidades são tão formidáveis, que consegue fazer boas fotos de qualquer lugar em qualquer situação.

Palmas!
Beleza de luz. Saiu muito bem pra uma foto de carro.
Depois disso, bateu o carro e foi multado pela policia francesa!Ahhhhhh maalaaaandro... 1/5000?!
Beleza, heim?Ahhh Paris... ta me dando uma saudades de lá hehehe
Bela foto Rui... grau de dificuldade alto nessa!Ficou maneira!!  Nem parece que foi de dentro do carro.

Ta nevando pacas e eu nem posso ir lá fora, hahaha

Trabalhando aqui igual um maluco!!Parece feita com uma wide, foi??Great wide angle effect!! Napoleon would be proud of you!cara, tô chorando de rir !
adorei o diálogoLindíssima, adorei o angulo que vc escolheu.Originalmente bela....diferente de todas que já vi....ótima!!!

@ tou voltando devagar, atualizando calmamente...

boa tarde,
abraços fraternos.Uau
Amei o anguloPerspectiva maravilhosa!Linda foto.Mas até dentro do carro vc manda bem heim...affff...tá lindo...amei o angulo. ;)Bem composta, como sempre. Boa foto.Humilhante....em movimento ainda...? bah.....!

@Trabalho é trabalho....!!FOTÃO!!!!
Explosão de luz maravilhosa...
=)AECO E FLEXA DE UMA FOTO TRIUNFAL!!!

Tenha uma Quarta Triunfante, Meu Amigo.

...belíssima foto...
essa é uma foto única ou uma panorâmica?
efeito legal esse, heimm. o que é?É uma boa sacada... eu também faço isso de vez em quando.
Já que minha P&amp;S não tem muita potência, deixo ela na maior abertura possível e deixo a camera acertar a velocidade.Esplenderoso !!!!De dentro do carro e ficou show assim? 

AbsLindissimasAté com o carro em movimento você consegue uma foto maravilhosa...
Acho que nada é capaz de por à prova seu talento...
Todas as suas fotos são lindas, e ponto final!
:-)Foto Triunfal!
E isso porque foi em movimento!Great shot.  This has such a domineering presence.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantástica!!! Era tudo que eu queria fazer e não consegui... Quando fui a Paris, eu tinha uma FinePix S6500fd. Tenho que voltar com uma grande angular, ehehehehe!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
----------------
You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!!

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2
invited with SICI (2010-01-08)
----------------

You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
invited with SICI (2010-01-08)caramba!
Muito boa!

París é muito bonito....
Estive lá em 2001 eqto estudava em UK, para renovar visto!

Na época nem sonhava com câmeras digitais e muito menos com boas fotos... então minhas recordações estão em papel!

ahh que saudade.

Belíssima imagemThat arch is so beautiful!  Great perspective.Uuuh... Qua ângulo legal! Adorei esta!! ;))Pago um pau para o seu trabalho com as fotos, Ruy.
Sou seu fã.Wonderful sky gradient and light exposure ;-) Thx for sharing^^Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Beautiful view...  Nice composition... Expertly captured, Well done.

YOU ARE INVITED TO ADD
THIS BEAUTIFUL FLOWER PHOTO TO


 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
1 POST / 2 COMMENTS. 20 FAVES ARE REQUIRED
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPicturesQue reflexo!!
Genial!!
abs.Irresistível né... linda....

Putz... é muito elogio pra um cara só... kkkk

;-)Uau!
ficou uma maravilha...
gostei do angulo 
xD

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)é curioso, nõ? qd estive ai não amaginei que ele ficasse num lugar movimentado como aquele. Via foto como as tuas e me parecia uma praça. A segunda, noturna, dá mais noção onde fica. Mas ambas estão lindissimas!Lovely shot :)
Perfect !!!again.. wow! these here look like lost lonely street lamps...WHOA.great ambience here, dark, but fascinating!lovely tones, fantastic workJ'ai vu votre profil : quelle carrière ! et quelle chance d'avoir ainsi voyagé !

Quant aux photos, un régal ! Justesse des tons, belles compositions, enfin bref, du travail de pro !

Amitiés du JURA, FRANCE.Nice ambience!they looks like street lamps or tired soldiers. nice yellow light on the sky.looks like a field of showers!! Very Nice.normal que ce soit empty, on les a toutes &quot;smashed&quot; les pumpkins, ok je sors...

(j'adorerai voir ce même champs remplis de grosses citrouilles!)Definitely fascinating - beautiful light and colourvery effective tone grading. the mood, composition and light control is perfectReally awesome work! very meaningful and fit thr title!Stunning tones, great shot.Great shot! The title fits perfectly! :-)Very sad indeed. Great shotSuperbe une fois de plus ;-).Ambiance incroyable ,vision post-apocalyptique !Une belle ambiance dans celle-ci.lovely Sparth-style shotanother sparthinian ...  amazing had the 4th sad plant been facing this way like all the rest this photo would have been pretty flat.Love the mood here!
This is like a movie scene!
Love the tones!gorgeous tones

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)perfect title for this lovely shot..Love the mood and light!As ever wonderful.. great pov!! reminds me of 'day of the triffids'.. cool :-)awesome cold tones and strong mood!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )j'adore (une fois de plus) !

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/seungki/] tu les as si tu regardes plus avant le stream de sparth ;-)Brilliant lilting lines and moody vista. Love the haunting tones!Excellent! Well titled too - sadness was the first thing that came to mind, before I read the title.lovin the tones!Beautiful says it all Nicolas !!  well spotted mate.awesome fantasy!fin de saison!Yes, sad old flowers but gorgeous anyway! The tones man - the tones!The field is so sad that it makes the summer so far away..
Great tones and composition as always!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)They make me think of triffids.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fascinating, moody shot.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)C'est donc là que vont les douches pour mourir ;o)L'ambiance est vraiment excellent! Belle compo et lumière également...nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Hah, it sure is sad, :). Wonderful repetitiveness (is there such a word...?) and haunting tones!Congrats on Explore :)fabulous capture !You know why I'm back: Congrats on a well-deserved Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)ouh là, ça va pas toi en ce moment... Franchement tristoune cette photo... Mais toujours terriblement bien réalisée !I have returned to this image a few times, Nic...it is your mastery of light that blows me away (but you have often heard that from me)...
But this image in particular is just &quot;more&quot; for me - the shapes are incredible...
I have my swirls - you have this field..........it's just beautiful...yes, it is actually quite sad, but the picture is amazingGORGEOUS colors!^ agreed.
The colours are lovely.***oh wow, tomorrow is day 365. 
i really admire the completion of this project by people.
you're gonna still be here, don't you?!

and yay for the cat, i'm happy for you.!!!beautifully moodyPrecious! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.cute :)love it!superbe !lovely shot, amazing style, pretty tones, great mood &lt;3It's like an anime. And I missed 363Superbly shot and fantastic treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)lovely shot..lovery silhouette

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Sweet shot! I love how his nose is resting on his paw.so very precious- love his paw on his face here- lovelydarlin boy

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Oh, he just reminds me too much of my Koi.  Beautiful sleeping boy.So yummy. I love the paw cradleing the face too.Beautiful photo 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Aw, love how he put his muzzle on his paw. He's so sweet :)Sleeping Beauty!How very sweet.Very cozy and comfy!Lovely shot.


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]back for another look and to say congrats on ExploreBeautiful dreams, sweet boy.

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;PET STANDARD POODLES ~~February Contest: &quot;PAWS&quot;&quot;. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Aupa Oscar, que buen contraluz. El encuadre es cojonudo, al darle espacio a las sombras alargadas de las hayas le has aportado una buena sensación de profundidad. Y la textura que tiene la nieve en primer plano es una gozada.
Saludos.Vaya “contrasol” que te has marcado, ese primer plano con las sombras y las texturas de la nieve es muy bueno, luego vienen las hayas con sus siluetas etilizadas y el solete radiante en el cielo, muy buena.
Un saludoMuy buenas las sombras sobre la nieve........que por cierto, que gusto poder darse un paseo con esa nevada.
Un saludo.Que grande Óscar, buenísima!!!Tremenda.
;-)Great shot, thanks for posting. Love the shadows =)

Seen in:

MOSTRAR TU TIERRA
TO SHOW YOUR LANDBuenísima Oscar, tan solo una cosita, es que los que andamos por según que sitios nos volvemos unos pejigueros, clónale el avión.Muy buena Oscar, hay que investigar en el archivo que luego salen fotones. Un saludo.Qué guapas esas sombras en la nieve, vaya fotón, hay que sacarlas a la luz, jodido.........Un saludo.te ha salido una foto impresionante,enhorabuenaI like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~¡Que atrevido con ese CONTRALUZ!
Te ha salido muy bueno y me gusta mucho el resultado de los suelos nevados con las sombras.
Saludos.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!muy buena oscar, no dejas de sorprendernosJodo que chulada de foto ... y la tenias en el archivo??? Pedazo de vago... sube maaaasssssOhhh myyyyyy this has turned out so beautiful... the yarn colours are beautiful... I just realised that the grey/blue looks like what they called diesel a few years ago... lovely colour... is all the yarn hand-dyed?
I agree they do look like cherry blossoms... BWOW ~  Totally GORGEOUS !!  What a great bag!I know you from you blog... love it.... Haven't been to Flickr in weeks.  What's the first thing I find?  My favorite of the day.Such a beautiful bag!! Great work!!This is so beautifulSTUNNING !!!!!!!!!! beautiful work and great colour choice :0)
What sort of yarn did you use ?It looks wonderful!!!Thanks :)
Bunny mummy: The yarn is 100% cotton - in Scandinavia called 8/4 spun crochet yarn. I buy it in hanks, unbleached, and dye it myself.Oh I'm even more impressed ,I've never tried to dye my own yarn !!!!Impressive work! Totally lovely.This is real piece of art!!!!!
Congratulations!So beautiful crochet!!!
I like this hexagon!!!Beautiful!!!

The pattern is now also on Ravelry, as &quot;African flower hexagon&quot;. Feel free to link your photos/project to the pattern :)Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Really beautiful bag, wonderful colours!Gorgeous shot... and the song is nice! :)
Damien Rice songs are so beautiful :)Dorien! This is gorgeous, I always get excited when you upload :)Gaaf. tekst is ook erg goed.jeetje .....erg cool gedaan dezeSo creative! :)Zo goed gevonden!! Echt heel mooi!Wonderful shot!powerful workYou expression is excellent! 
Love your pose and the light is nice ;)nice portrait...awesome light !=)This is a bit freaky. The expression on her face almost gives off a pleasure or enjoyable feeling that her face is covered in plastic. The expression is what is best to this picture though so I don’t mind.you...are gorgeousURGH?!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Truly magnificent composition. Like it quite a bit!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i love the lightness of this photo!This is stunning, such a magical edit &lt;3The tones in this are wonderful.frickin amazing.That's cool George, I am so tempted to go out but the wind is so bad.
It's coming.wow, thats a lot of Snow. It made the news over here in the UK. Beautiful owl.Great picture George!look wonderful in the falling snow George..scary stare your getting Hello, I'm a moderator in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only) group.  Your picture is beautiful &amp; we would love to have this added to our group!



 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2I would be mighty proud of this shot.

MacKeep warm George, this boy looks really alertThanks NigelThat is just brilliant George! I like that snow.Great capture!  Love the snow.  

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREWonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREI wonder how the wildlife is surviving this crazy winter. Thanks for sharing this lovely photo. We had 30+ inches before and are still recovering from it and another system has started dumping more. I wonder when will the winter be over!Thanks Sigurjon !!Salma,

Yeah, I'm tired of moving snow !!Hey George
This picture seems to capture the essense of the Great Horned Owl.
Neat shot.I am in the Sparks area and we got 28&quot; over the weekend and now we are getting hammered again.You have to wonder how well the owls and hawks will do in these condotions.Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREI love these guys too, great find!Lovely shot! Beautiful bird!Out of sight George!
You make me humbled and jealous!
So, so excellent!!!Wow!  As soon as I saw the image on my contacts, I knew whoo took it.  Great shot, George.Thanks CharlieGeorge,image fantastic,very beautiful,congratulations !!!I love that guy too!
------
Congratulations on Explore!!!That's a nice owl (espacially the yellow)=)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Wow love the look in the eyes and teh snow!fantastic!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My best Wildlife photos (Membership by invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful shot, George!!! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Outstanding shot... excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREAwesome shot George !!!!
The falling snow really puts this over the top....Well done my friend !!!Spot. don't apologise! this is such a pretty brooch, I love the blue. even more squishy hugs as you can never have too many, right? ;-) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxLove the colour of this, so pretty. xIt looks really beautifulBeautiful colors! Great shot!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010What a gorgeous brooch.  I love the way you've photographed itLove the tones in thisDon't appologise you nit x

I love the colour of this.Lovely brooch - gorgeous colour! 

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010i like it, over exposed or notHi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Cool Colors (Green, Blue, Purple Only!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice nice colors! :DBeautiful!This is gorgeous, I neeeeeeeeeeeeeeed one. Big hugs to you xirresistible blueGorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Magnificent photo, very nicely captured 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Focus is spot on - nicely done!perferct!Great details and colors Tom.Your Hibiscus is beautiful
You are invited to add this image to

Hibiscus wonder

If you accept the invitation remember: post 1 award 3!
Please read the rules before adding your picture to the group
SWEEPER active!Very well focus, great details...bravo!!!!!!!Pin sharp and a  lovely bokeh!What a composition!  And incredible colors and DoF!
--
Seen in the group&quot;DoF&quot; ( ?² )Excellent capture of the hibiscus!gorgeous colors and focus.... Hi Tom! =)amazing close up....E' il sorriso che fa grandi queste foto!Due foto molto belle,solari e semplici.:))))Davvero splendide!!Bella si,
mi piacciono in particolare il taglio ed il fuoco della seconda...#2
Uno dei romanzi più belli degli ultimi 10 anni, non ti muovere. Ottima scelta testuale per due ritratti che si merita.

Leggi anche venuto al mondo, se ancòra non lo hai fatto.due luci che si fondono armoniosamente ...! Splendide :)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Life is the question - Love is the answer. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Da quel libro questa frase/verso:

what a smile!
Such a smile changes the world.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Che bella.
E quella citazione..chissà se mi ricorderò queste parole quando mi sentirò un po' più felice.
Spero di siLa spontaneità di queste foto traspare dal suo sorriso. Complimenti, splendide nella loro simplicitàun gran libro... belli ituoi tagli...pref la seconda...un sorriso radioso e dolcissimo!

bella Sephy!


(e brava Frà :))ma che delizia!!!l'essenza pura di un sentimento... :)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato °Of LoVe &amp; ShAdOwS..°. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

un sorriso dolce dolce..non so se qsti sono i sorrisi di chi è felice,ma entra dritto dentro da farlo credere..Belle entrambe...
ma la seconda è straordinaria!
:-)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Sorrisi/Smiles/Sonrisas [17°Contest: Carnival Smiles OPEN!]. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Un sorriso delizioso!Una bella foto che emerge per la sua splendida semplicità. 
Felicità autentica, spontanea. Mette di buon umore. Brave!Uh.





E ora..?





:*)





Ps. Hai citato uno dei romanzi - o forse il romanzo -  che più amo in assoluto. Un caso..?
Grazie, Fra.
Per mille motivi.Uh.Eh...@Lumase: Sì, è da leggere.ma quant'è bella!!!! :)))Eccola! :D

Mi piace pensare al caso. Agli incastri di pagine. Alle sintonie.Ah, ma è Sephy? Io non me ne ero mica accorto...Aldo..


-.-Sep, gli regaleremo degli occhiali...Beautiful. Infectious happiness.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Bellissima.l'emozione raccontanta da uno sguardo, da un sorriso...occhi complici ed una luce speciale
davvero bellaRagazze, mi cospargo il capo di cenere in segno di penitenza :P

E aggiungo che la modella ha un bel sorriso.

Va meglio, così? :)il sorriso e gli occhi sfuggenti sono semplicemente veri. quindi belli.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)un sorriso disarmante. Sono d'accordo.

Bellissima S, bellissima foto.Cool smile, nice light, beautiful portraitsbella....questa foto e la felicità che hai saputo cogliere! complimenti!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Sephy, ma sei bella così, con quel sorriso solare, in questi due splendidi ritratti di Francesca.
Ci piaci così senza alcun intervento photoscioppo-jaluronico

:-DD@marina: Disdico l'appuntamento col chirurgo plastico, quindi...? ;-)sì, non ne vale la pena, soldi buttati via

:-DDD@marina: Ok, li uso per lo psicologo, allora... :-)Spendiamoli in obiettivi, i soldi! :D@Sephy: mmmmm, di male in peggio. Non ho molta fiducia nella categoria (se c'è qualcuno che legge qui e che fa quella professione, non me ne voglia). Li spenderei in obiettivi, come giustamente suggerisce Francesca, o in qualche bel viaggio, magari a Roma, così possiamo vedere qualche altro ritratto! :-DDDExcelente retrato.what a charming smileDue ritratti semplicemente fantastici!Bellissima Sephy, il suo sorriso.....e anche le foto !

L'unica cosa che non mi piace è la rosa....sapessi cosa c'è dietro il commercio di rose per noi &quot;occidentali&quot;.....davvero bruttissime storie.love, love, love
(cit.)bellissimi ritratti! la luce è spettacolare!ciao Frà.
scusa la domanda. ma tu vedi i miei scatti?
cioè, son due giorni che non ho visite, al massimo pochissime e nessun commento. non capisco...belle foto...bello il romanzo...tutto sempre intenso nel tuo album....
grazie.ma.. fatemi capire... questa sei tu????????? :Osplendida la tua capacità di cogliere la naturalezza e la luce del sorriso
splendida sephy ed il suo solare splendoreTom, ti devo fare lezioni di contatti Flickr! :D 
E' Sephy!Desidero esprimere i miei sinceri complimenti all'autrice di questo scatto, ma non posso restare in silenzio di fronte allo splendido sorriso della modella. Dolcezza, sensualità, profumo di donna insomma. Brave ad entrambe. Ora capisco perchè sono belle le vostre foto!Bellissima sephy in questi ritratti così intensi ...la conosco  solo come contatto di flickr...ma penso che sei riuscita a fotografarle l'anima....
un caro saluto a entrambe...
marcoSefy.. se proprio hai bisogno di uno psicologo (anche se ancora non ne ho compreso il motivo!!) ci sono io gratis eh.. :)

ps. non riesco a scegliere, sono entrambe bellissime. 
Francesca ha colto la tua forma smagliante, il sorriso..Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato *Princesa Panna*. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Per questo tipo di ritratti io &quot;ritratterei&quot; il termine definendoli &quot;Omaggi&quot;.

Ecco!!!! questo è un Omaggio!!!!

E son d'accordo con te Francesca: 
se continua cancellali tutti i tag!

^_^...


:-)


(beh, grazie...ecco..)

@Lu: Io ti ho già scelta... :-)Un sorriso coinvolgente, che belle!!Mi sbaglio o conosco questo visetto sorridente?? :D
Beh... Fra, che ritratto...*_*Nice portrait! Congrats!




[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]bella, quanto è bellawonderful captivating smileThat's a lovely portrait. Well done!che carini i tag...

sei simpatica sephy...
:)Una foto molto bella, solare..un sorriso stupendo...
Le parole cui la hai associata poi...
Complimenti per tutto..

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Ci sono sfumature non composte di colore ma che trasmettono l'intensità di un arcobaleno...l'attimo di un sorriso spontaneo che riesce senza difficoltà a farne scaturire un altro...portento, tu, lei, voi, porDenti, quindi! sorrisoneche splendida modella....non so se il merito è della modella che è così spontanea e dolce nel suo sorriso o della fotografa che ha saputo cogliere l'attimo.. quello che so, è che è una bellissima foto, con una luce meravigliosa.. e complimenti, a entrambe :)A me piace chiamarla alchimia del momento e lasciarsi un pò andare... :-)tu la chiami bene...:)

certo...ste modelle de oggi, sorridono pure!che bellleeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! meravigliosa la modella Sep e il suo sorrisone, come sempre bravissima e prontissima a cogliere scatti e inquadrature riuscitissime la fotografa! che coppia! sprizzate luce e gioia da ogni angolo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hahaha.  this is probably one of the best notes i've seen.HA!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Stupid toothfairy! ;)Love this one.

But don't mess with the Tooth Fairy. cf &quot;Darkness Falls&quot;*kicking mother*
WHERE IS THE EFFING TOOTH FAIRY?!I'm so glad u were born, because you've brighten my life and fill it with joy.

Happy Birthday Shoosh








happy b-day to herr :D
beautiful lighting (Y)
favThis is dream &lt;3 _ &lt;3
faved
and hbd :)happy birthday...beautiful images...so lovely&amp;amazing i like pink so much ! :)loved all these captures ♥HBD 2 HerHBD to her (^)happy birthday!happy birthdayH a p p y  B i r t h d a y &lt;3333 
n_____n
....Awesome ** Wowness ♥♥♥ 
HBD so girlish ...
looks so cte

sweet 19Fnana FAVfav favvyaaay 
mood elpic party
&lt;3
v.niceI like the shoes! :PThis is sooo prettyi can't express how much i'm in love with this photo ! &lt;333

beyond expression :'D

happy birthday to her , she's so lucky to have dedicating such an amazing shot as a bday gift &lt;3wow its loooooks so cutely amaaizng             

   Aoo! so beautiful ;$
Happy Birthday ShooSh (^)          Happy Birthday  (^)  ~ ! yaay!So beautiful! Love the soft tones and dreamy lighting!You are so lucky to have orShai in your life .. I swear! She's the meaning of PERFECT sister .. friend .. mom maybe ? LOL j\k!

am so in love with the softness in your photos&lt;3!
testahl shoosh :*&lt;3 happy birthdaay shoshoo :*&lt;3fav7bebtie shosh happybirthday to her il3mr klah inshallah &lt;3soo cute ;*
happy birthday to herawww this is so cute!!!&lt;3
happy bday to her:)7abiit &lt;33Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Pastel Schemes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!favelovely =)beautiful !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow .. love it &lt;33happy birthday to her :*)♥7lw lon ilhigh heels!&lt;3happy birthday ♥.♥ (^) 
wayd 7lw t9werch mashalla(Y)awwww HBD to her &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
fantastic as usual o.o &lt;3Happy birthday to her (^)H.B.D(^)!
Favsoft colours as always :D !
happy birthday :) !Fantastic *Happy Birthdaynice ^^


Keep it ^^


Comment Me plz ^^Backatcha! 
That jus lifted my spirit up :*
thanks sis :Dwill Happy Birthday to your friend may god bless her and find all
the joy and happiness inshallah ! missing you around dear :*&lt;3 ________ &lt;3Happy BirthDay &lt;33;*Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :~)))Happy BirthdayHappy birthday *.*
I so loved the shoes !oH... I LOVE THAT SHOES!! NICE PICwoooow ., 7beeeet al.waaan al.pic 
i love the lighting
keep going =DHapy birthday to her *_* 
this is so pretty!! I love itsuch a beautiful collection! HB day to her :)H.B-D ,, &lt;3 it

seen in ExploreBeautiful!Wooow! That sunset is amazing. It's like pure gold pouring out of my screen :-) Same here, haven't seen such warm sunlight for a while... Thanks!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great sunset. The light on the foreground is just stunning.Oh, come on Mathew. as soon as I settle by the fire you post another cracking shot like this and I get the urge to get out there again.
Thanks a million mate. I think the work I`m looking at is inspiration and I have just found it here.

DaveMy favorite part of shots like this is the recognition of such beauty in this good earth. One of my favs from you Mathew. Just stunning!I know the feeling!  This is a lovely warm shot with some great colours, Mathew.  It's great to see the textures in the foreground too.i'm soakin' it in....wonderful.this is soo beautiful!Great light!WOW!! Please, post your photo in:

ekamil- Post 1, invite 2!!Awesomeness!!!That is some bloody light! nice one mate.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful shot.Fantastic reflections from the wet sand/mud and a wonderful sunset !!
 
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called AreKev's `Not Another Flickr Group, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful colours!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photosick - 攝影發燒友, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

superbStunningly beautiful Really, really, beautiful.Lovely. This photo has a romantic feeling. Great shot.Wow... very nice reflections...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called dreams I'll dream instead.. Post 1 ~ Award 2 ~ by Admin Invite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


攝影發燒友

I saw this Great Photo in Group :
 攝影發燒友

Please tag your photo: 攝影發燒友Breathtaking! Excellent composition. I need some sunshine too :(Beautiful, amazing colour!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!A beautiful image, thank you for sharing it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY damn this is really beautiful^Stunning.. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so sickgood night shot, it could have gained some drama by adding a human figure or shadow, maybethe fuck is this basqiat bullshit nice picBeautiful work, definitely the best the shot I've seen at this spot. Is that the sun rising/setting on the right?awsomei want this one. ill pay for the print.lovely capture!!!!superb Capturenice ...Excellent work !Nice--
I enjoyed seeing your picture in 
 
 &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; 1 Comment/Post 
Pls tag ur image with Unseen-India
Visit our Blog  The-Unseen-India.blogspot.comBeautiful capture...lovely capture, Ashok!!Great shot..!

b&gt;I enjoyed seeing your picture in 
 &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; Post 1 Comment 1 I enjoyed seeing your picture in 
 
 &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; 1 Comment/Post 
Pls tag ur image with Unseen-India
Visit our Blog  The-Unseen-India.blogspot.com
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
good job :) 
 Excellent composition, very good capture
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )

Congratulations! Your photo has been awarded as an &quot;Image of Unseen India &quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to  &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; Post 1 Comment 1 and tag your photo with Unseen-IndiaGorgeousNice work.i see that head's back is also greenYour Signature always creates an impression.
Lovely composition. I would like to see more contrasts.hutch ducks ??superb shot !!Thanks a lot friends for your comments and faves.  

Thanks Patryaaa , Dilli, Barani, Hema, Anu, P'gpy, Mallika, Suresh, Vinodh, Sunshine, Durai, Nazar, Amir, Crystal, Balaji, Krish, Krithik and Siddu.

Krish adding more contrasts leads to dark picture.  Balaji, I think the shawl's green color shades with head too.  

Keep Visiting friends.  Thank You everyone.I enjoyed seeing your picture in  
 
 &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; 1 Comment/Post 
Pls tag ur image with Unseen-India
Visit our Blog  The-Unseen-India.blogspot.comoh wow, beauuutiful!Grace Ann, Grace Ann. This is beautiful.Great lighting and bokeh:DThis amazing!
Nothing less.it's just lovelythis is so gorgeousoh my. absolutely amazing. love the light, the focus and bokehthis is stunning.This is very amazing. You're the cat's meeeeeeooow!beautiful!
soft and peaceful and wonderfulimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!very beautiful.Ficaram lindoooss...
Realmente é muito bom trabalhar com feltro, é bem macio...
bjusMuito bonito esse trabalho....!!!Lindo,lindo!!!!!Que trabalho mais lindo!!
Amei!
Parabéns à profe  às alunas prendadas!

bjsFicaram lindos! Não sabia que você dá aulas! Parabens!
Adorei!
Beijos.aii eu quero fazer aula!!maravilhoso!!Adorei!!!
parabéns!!!Brigada meninas..!!!
Quem quiser aula é só me visitar..!
Terei imenso prazer..!!!
bjoooossssotimo.. vou prai heimmmmmmmmmmmmmmVery beautiful!!!Onde? quando? como?
eu quero aula!!!! quero o kit!!!!

que lindo que ficou, parabéns a todas!Nice catch Gary, the thumb reminded me of the Budweiser logo.Great shot - quite appropriate considering all of the drops that fell today.Amazing Gary - and it's red for Valentine's Day!!Drip, drip, drip.  I hear the snow melting, dripping from the fully loaded roof!Oh gosh--lovely weather and archives===great photos!Nice.  Love the reflectioncool shot here..You are the master of water drops...this is cool!Oh my....how amazing!!Is that a pic of all a melted snow drop? NiceWhoa, gorgeous and very pleasing image. Thanks for sharing!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excellent timing and reflection, very nice shot Gary.Excellent shot. You make me want to have another try at it.fantastic splash shot, love the red!excellent Gary!Awesome stop action!  Cool pic.Not just &quot;Splash&quot; but &quot;Perfect Pink Splash&quot;.....lovely capture...incredible timing...amazing detail.....perfectly impressive!!!http://www.glitter-works.orgHey what is that above me. I think some one loves you Gary :-)) Lovely picture of a water CROWN .....and great color.. okay PINK for girls  AWESOME .

Gary I love to see more of your archives : )) is much better than mine.Gorgeous creation, Gary!!Very cool effect!! I was always curious about flash photography, but never took the plunge.Love the water splash against the red....very cool!I like the trailing upspray (is that a word?) from each point and the color is appropriate for Valentine's Day. Good job!Awesome capture Gary!!!  Pink for Valentines Day!  Great work!!Nice!Beautiful capture Gary!! Great detail!I crown you the new king!it's a little tiara! love it.Wonderful capture!wow! what a remarkable shot gary! wish i could do one like this!Classy and classic Gary.
A work of art.

This is a piece of art!
You are invited to join and add this amazing picture to A Black Rose

IF YOU ADD YOUR IMAGE, PLEASE POST 1 - AWARD 3Thanks so much for this gorgeous splash of color Gary!  I really needed it after living through yet another dreary winter day:)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excellent indeed! Looks like a crown.Splashes of pinkness....COOL!Amazing!!Oh wow, this is an extraordinary composition. Excellent shot!Yeah! More color! Too much white and grey outside.This is amazing Gary, and I do need that wonderful color right now.  My favorite part is that crystal clear reflection.  Wow!!!I can't believe the weather lately! Crazy huh? Very nice photo!amazing work and great light!Nice work!looks amazing! great work!Splish!

billienice timing and color! lovely!Hi Gary. This is fantastic... I saw this the other day and did not have time to comment. This is one not to be missed. !!!! Have a great night my friend =)Wow, fantastic capture, great work!
Please add your wonderful photo to:
Love that colour and the reflections. Very creative!so amazing... well done gary!!!I want to crumble this up and chew it like gum. I know that sounds bad, but it's a good thing when I want to eat art. It means it's good. ahhahaThis is so beautiful! I am in love with the colors and bokeh. Fantastic shot.this is so very pretty!simply beautiful!!!wowowow
stunningThis is so beautiful!Amazing bokeh!!Eee! This is awesome. :]wonderful light and tones ...Divine!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)pretty! love the tones and bokehs!Awesome prop - love this so much !cool! Whered u get that?This whole set is stunning!  This little one looks super tiny to me:)  I really love your work.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love that bowl, this is gorgeous!!Wow! love this and that bowl is awesome!Awww...fabulousYour prop rocks (no pun on words, lol). Glad to have found you :) Super work!Stunning photo!!Extraordinary Never seen anything like it Sort of reminds one of Bryce I want to go there now
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )I'd definitely love to visit this place someday.Wow - what an incredible place!!Incredible!!!Incredible scenery!  I'd never heard of this until you posted these pictures.

Thanks for sharing.Oh yeah!!!  Isn't this such an amazing place?  I visited there last fall.  Still have a few more shots to upload from that area but as far as weirdness goes...this place is hard to beat!What an amazing sight, never seen anything like it, thanks for putting this up...so beautiful here.Wonderful rock formation here, like the place!This is a fantastic capture showing the incredible rocks formations, somewhat like mushrooms,  great composition and colour in this.  Very interesting.Spectacular capture of an amazing place.Qué lugar tan fantástico!!What an awesome place! I would love to visit there!Just a bit of advice, don't go in the middle of July like I did -- it was over a hundred degrees on the day I visited.very moon-like landscape... interesting!Beautiful rock formation. what a awesome place...spectacular capture!Nice shot well done my friend.nice color and light those are so beautiful to look at in Oct ober it is very niceWow, I've never seen anything like this before.  I love how you captured the details of the different layers in the rocks.  It's freezing in DC.  I'm thinking that 100 degrees sounds good right about now.Fantástico!Very cool looking location.  I need to mark that on my atlas too.Pretty weird landscape alright. Must add this to my list of 1,000 places to visit before I die...great formations nicely captured and great colors !!Wow, better than the mars rover. Very interesting shot, John.A really amazing landscape!New Mexico? wow   That is my hubby's dream state to retire to...but hopefully not to here.  Beautiful but I am a New Englander by birth...I need the lush green at least part of the year. :-)   At the moment here in Pa. we are in the midst of our second nor'easter in  a week's time...14 inches last storm, about 16 to come this run.  Sighlove the shadows!  And the desert color, fabulous comp...beautiful scene!Fantastic ~WOW. some amazing rock creation,. look fabulous.Like from a science fiction filmwow, such a cool area, which I've never heard of before.  So awesome a photo of them too.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)PS. Bindweed - the colourful stuff is found in our Botanic Gardens. The rest is probably plain ol' dull white stuff like everywhere else!what a fascinating landscape!  this is really cool!Very nice, you really captured the strangeness of this place - very brave to go there in July!Gorgeous landscape. Thanks for idea. What time would you suggest?Judging from the Farmington weather, it looks like May and September would be the best times to visit this area. Me, I enjoy a little heat... Thanks all for comments and favorties.This reminds me of Yellowstone after all the water has dried up.Is there is any water, any vegetation? Fall would  fit well to the quite sandy warm color of rocks.Good afternoon John...great shot and never seen anything like these rock formations before. Really neat and it must have been great to see this in person. I hope you are well...and wishing you a really great day.Looks hot in there!
Wonderful photo :)Excellent shot.  What a strange landscape.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice capture!
Great Shot! Please join us at:
 I Think this is Art ! Wonderful pic mi amigo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)WOW. Very other-worldly! Awesome.Great shot John!oh my,,totally gorgeous dip,thanks for playing alongLove this so soft and prettyprettyHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***This should be a Postcard!***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very nice, i really like that shot.  and love the colorsB E A U T I F U L &lt;333
...beautifullovely capture :)Dreamy and gorgeous (as usual)!  :)So beautiful!  I just love the softness!Flowers and books are certainly all I need :)

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…i love this..........so springy....ahh....so gorgeous yvette!absolutely awesome! so soft and beautifuli'm in love with it! and the quote, too!The quote is perfect and the black edge to the enamel just the depth of colour needed to give the image definition.Gorgeous!! :DExcellent shot!This is fantastic! Great composition, attention to detail, and amazing colors and tones!Oh My! This is sooooo lovely!! ♥Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shades of Beauty - by Admin Invite Only - Post 1/Comment 2 , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is an invitation to post your beautiful photo to Shades of Beauty:



Shades of Beauty
Post 1 ~ Award 2
 Admins invited only!a library and a garden~&gt;?&lt;
 so niceBeautiful image!I love this :)Qué dulzura, Yvette. La luz es mágica.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!great shotsoft and elegant!looks heavenly~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called AllEdges Still Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nothing prettier than a bowl of floating flowers!!  I love that enamel bowl!coolAdorable. &lt;3cute shot and bag......This is a cute shot :)Haha, cute!adorable.ha! adorable...the bag and you. :)too funny! I love mustaches!So funny!So cute.  The red hair is really working for you!Aaw, love it!! :)I only wish i could grow a manstache like that.  Unfortunately mine come in like a struggling grad student.cool *-*i love the grey and yellow! and the mustache. hahaYou should throw a &quot;costume&quot; party!  &quot;Mustaschio Bashio&quot;  Everyone has to wear a mustache!So cute, style buddy!!!hee hee~ very funCute.seet;)you have such amazing eyes..:-))my,  so artsy,  and da hair,  nice :&gt;)Cute! And love the colors :)love love love!so cool.needs a haircut.WonderfulOver there Friedlander ---&gt;  photographs on the brainlovelyWhoever planted that tree knew EXACTLY what they were doing.funny one ! It's quite feminine ;-)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Ha!oooo superb focus and dofbeautiful!This is beautiful!  Wonderful DoF, interesting bokeh, great perspective.i love it!Mmm ... very pleasing.  Love the colors, clarity, bokeh.  I might like to see it without the black background, as I think, in this case, the black background confuses the composition of the photo a little.Peanut Butter is good on toast.  :)I like to close my eyes when I use Q-TipsWhen I first came here, this was all swamp. Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built in all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of EnglandJust read a bunch of reviews on anti virus suite.

Completely Random CommentsI haven't gotten one yet and I'm not sure I ever will.&quot;That's the worst sweater I've ever seen- that's a Cossssssby sweater!&quot;

*CRC*He just comes in here all Johnny New-Eggs...That stain is still on the toliet seat.Ok, who threw the dick down the stairs?Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car.

Completely Random CommentsCattle are a known main reservoir for acid-resistant Escherichia coli O157 and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium DT104.Kids are starving in China and you're walking around with a sombrero full of peanuts.I have never understood why some people refuse to use their blinkersim not sure what this is... 
but i like to pick my nose when no one is watching.Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody outSo she said, &quot;What's a sockpuppet?&quot;  Haha!I would assume that you turn your pumps off during this endeavor?I don't know why, but I have a feeling there's a spy right behind me.When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, mmmmmmm, boy I love your pie. sorry.  that's not random.Who would name their boy Jenni?Achoo! I think I'm getting cold feet!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Stop eating the Valentines Candy!Some people get so rich they lose all respect for humanity. That's how rich I want to be.If you put lotion on your feet, then your socks and shoes- your feet feel kind of squishy all day...

--
Completely Random CommentsI'm pretty sure I know the muffin man.Now that's a lot of monkeys !snails have 30,000 teethXerox is a really strange name. i'm mean, who came up with that?!Just remember, those guys don't care if you win or loseEight out of ten cat owners said their cat prefered it.We build excitement...Pontiac!I like blue best of all.why's he gotta be such a douche?taking the dogs out in heels?  :p
lovely photo of our snow, i'm thinking of going home and braving a photo in it.do you want me to send you some socks?Excellent shot! Fantastic composition!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I don't care that Billy's mom is letting him go.You need some wellies !
Great dedication for a funny photo.Hey, we're in Explore right next to each other!! :-)Wherever you go...there you are!!

Excellent shot my friend, but I am freezing just looking!! lol
;0}Great work....like the colors of the dress and composition!
:-) Have a great thursday and it is almost friday again.Ha, ha, crazy group,  I thought I wasn't in Kansas anymore!Very nice.

EBeautiful shot of AA.Very nice. I love the yellowish tones of the building up against the blue night sky.I think the full range of colors is what I like.  Had a chance at this area at night but a guard wanted me to move along.  At least you got a nice shot.very nice workVividly crisp!  Exceptional image, Tom!I like the lighting against the building here. Thanks for sharing.Excellent! I really like the UWA here.Tom - cliched but honest - the best AA night shot I have seen.This is beautiful. So serene and the color is fantastic. You nailed it!Awesome shot!!!!!  Love the perspective.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous. Love the lights &amp; reflection (:Brilliant shot!  Colors and details are off the charts.I really like the effect of the lens in this image. I don't think I've ever seen anyone shoot it this way. I probably would have color corrected this to get rid of the yellow and bring out more of the blues and reds. Kiki FL I actually did color correct the sky and fountain.  When I color corrected the entire image, the colors on the building (bricks especially) did not pop nearly as much.I like this great night shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!the fountain appears huge in this photo....your angle you got the shot is just fantastic!!!! great work, Tom!I like the low perspective making the fountain look much larger than it is.  Is it just me, though, that is seeing a greenish tint to the warm lights?Nice shot Tom.  Great processing and perspective.Incredible capture, incredible perspective. Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Disney Postcard - Should be, Could be!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent - I like the wide angle / low perspective!  Very creative!yes he is :D
this is soo creativee!haha. Why yes he is! 
The bow is a nice touch. :)nom nom nom (:Aaaw this is so cute :)ahhhaa cute!hahahahahaha awh this is so cute!
and I'm glad I'm not the only one who names their camera.hah thanks guys ! :)
AND WHO DOESN'T NAME THEIR CAMERA?! crazy people.. thats who..I haven't named mine yet, I can't think of one that's suiting.
 lol
;)Very nice.mine's name is antonio... just saying...hahahahahah great. name.Mine's name is Fred. aha. ;Dmine doesn't have name.. uh oh.
since when did you name it?!? :)
and how did you take this picture?!?! naaaiceuh the naming was pretty recent hahah :)
WHY ARE YOU SO CONFUSED ?!?!?! hehe 
oh yours is named brennan hahahawait so, spill...how did you take the picture? love the name.
bahahahaha BRENNAN :) yes. that's it. thank you !oh i just took it on self timer in a mirror :PAutumn - I love himmmm

him and Albert should
meet somedayhaha for sure !
i'm sure theys be great friends. :)i name everything william, i have called my camera william a few times but idk i might change it. 
and i think the bow was a nice touch :):o so cute &amp; i love the bow.Aww, this is lovely :) I want your camera &gt;:DGorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.yeah! haha he's looking so finethis is absolutely sweet. the color of the picture is very special:)Oliver is pretty sexy... I'm kinda jealous :\

hehe love the bowAwe, so sweet (: adorable concept.this is so cute! i've never seen anyone do this beforeahhh this is wonderful!&lt;333i have that tripod! :Doooh! &amp;what camera is that? i think i have the same one!!Estupendo contraluz y un paisaje hermoso de fondo, me encanta!!!
Saludos!surrealistagenial ;)

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Alive in geometry - *Contest - Voting Open* y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.se sale.
Felicidadespedazo de composicionSi no me equivoco la isla que se ve detrás es la Graciosa ¿verdad? Una maravilla el Mirador del Río, unas vistas espectaculares. 

Saludos.Outstanding image........great composed my friend!

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Wow what a room with a view and ceiling light !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excelentísima composición!great work
really like the way you shot the person 
looking up at your subjectGreat composition !!!Interesting scenery and I like you captured It :)Very cool!Buenísima Pedro. De lo nuestro, llevamos una racha grande orientada al buceo y estoy echando una mano, así que lo otro lo tengo un poco parado, pero no olvidado. Un abrazo.Maestro ya está bien de darnos envidia cochina, se nos cae la baba con tanto arte y esos escenarios...cuando sera mayor, ya sabes, quiero ser como tú y hacer algo parecido a esos fotones.
Un abrazo
Join us with this award  for your awesome photo from
The Brand New &quot;Depth&quot; Group, post 1 award 4

come and share the fun!!what a great composition! person is perfect in there.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Pedazo de foto! Me encanta!Beautiful image¡ Son dos miradores !!!!!! jejejeje muy buena toma, saludos.Genial, perico, genial, no le falta ni un detalle a la foto!
Un saludo, compañero.cool shot !!!!Perico, extraordinaria foto, enhorabuenaAwesome ! Amazing architecture !
Excellent capture !excelente contraluz... multitud de detalles...Great !!!!!!  i love the detail around here ~Bonito mirador, y excelente las siluetas.

Un abrazo.Superb image, amazing capture my friendDebe de ser un sitio espectacular. Buena foto PericoAwesome capture !Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Metallic Objects~Admin Invite Only!  Post 1 - Comment 1 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Hermosa Perico! muy interesante!Qué composición más completaEstupenda toma. Increíble el contraste entre el blanco y negro de la parte superior y los colores de la vista inferior: el mar y la roca. Que buen contraluz. Y si, tienes razón se ve muchísimo mejor en grande y con el fondo negro. Felicitaciones!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Qué pasada de lugar y de foto Perico.
Un abrazo :)Estupenda!! muy bien captada PericoI'd like to repeat an earlier comment: surrealistaExtraordinaria!!Una gozada de siluetas y composición. Las luces de la imagen son una maravilla. Menudo lugar.
Un abrazo.beautiful photoExcelente!!!, contraluz, preciosa!!!.SaludMuy buena. Un saludo.Muy buena las siluetas, Un saludo...

Comentada en el Grupo &quot;HUELVA y sus Fotógrafos&quot;Excelente toma Perico, como me gusta este lugar ! saludos !...una foto surreale......!!!....splendida la scenografia tutta...con la silhouette dell'uomo che guarda...che è un qualcosa che arricchisce ancor più l'immagine.....!!!....Muy buena , buesinisima, Perico ¿onde andas?Una magnífica composición Perico. Los detalles y los elementos armonizan con gran interés general. Sobresaliente!!!!!Super compopsition,fantastic interior!!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SOMETHING DIFFERENT {please comment on 2 most interesting pics}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
www.flickr.com/groups/somethingdifferentQue bien relacionados los elementos de la escena.

Me encanta el gesto de ese observador......marca y define el ambiente del momento.


Saludos.Como un cuadro de Dalí, un lugar espectacular ... sin palabras!!Buen mirador y bien captado.
Saludos.Fascinating sight!interesting   shot.Excelente fotografía, Perico... Tiene mucha fuerza.

Saludos.Espectacular trabajo lleno de detalles muy bien ejecutadosVista bellísima y poco comun ...!  Bella foto!Beautiful!Classic job sharif vai...


I just missed the tour...sharpness! Darun catch bondhu, the blue bg Is too goodnice capture.oh nice! perfect poise!nice timing..excellent timinig. very nice capture [http://www.flickr.com/photos/desherchobi/]vaiThis is just too good to make a comment!!!durdanto!!!wow!!!amar cokhe pani tolo molo :(Wow!!
Stunning moment captured...stupenda!...
le stelle sono tante ^^ una per ogni attimo felice che riempie il nostro cielo =)risposta favolosa desi.
hai superato perfettamente il test :)

grazie :)la risposta mi è venuta guardando la foto perciò sono io a ringraziare te! è bellissima ha un alone di magia attorno =**___*
onoratissima :)
ancora grazie!il libro è splendido!
bella questa luce!d'accordo con te giulia.
l'ho amato. e ri-amato.la luce soffusa dà una certa atmosfera incantata. l'adoro :)secondo me c'è una sola stella nella vita di ognuno di noi, e pessimisticamente potremmo anche non incontrarla maiIn questa foto ne vedo solo una!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Adoro quel libro.. ne sono rimasta incantata*...io lo presi quel libro l'autunno scorso insieme a demian di hesse e 1984 di orwel 

per il titolo lo presi e l'autrice che  non mi dispiace, ma sono partito con un pò di pregiudizio a leggerlo ma poi l'ho smesso... (sono alla soglia dei 32 anni, questo deve avere influito)...come un vestito che non va più, abbandonato.

..che luce, tipo quella di ladyhawke, il film...(sono d'altri tempi, si vede) Oh! Kay  mi fa piacere che ti piaccia, grazie :)

 andrea  splendida risposta anche per te ... mi piace vedere cosa ne pensa ognuno di voi.... magari la incontri e non te ne accorgi andrea.. o non le dai tutta questa importanza....

 michele  *___* sei sempre troppo buono....

 lù  siamo in due ad adorarlo!!

 tonio  beh la storia è assolutamente adolescenziale. però alcune frasi. alcune parole non hanno età. sono perfette per tutti...
non so cosa sia ladyhawke :(foto che toglie il fiato!
il libro è stupendo...letto e riletto almeno 5 volte!

...secondo me le stelle non bisogna contarle, mi piace pensare che siano infinite, che vadano al di là di ogni immaginazione...sono troppo magiche e stupende per essere limitate da un numero. E se si immagina ognuna di esse come un piccolo momento della nostra vita ci si rende conto di quanto ogni singolo istante sia importante per dare luce e completezza alla vita intera.

Forse questi sono solo i pensieri inutili di una banale ragazzina, ma a me piace sognare...e ti ringrazio perchè questa foto me l'ha permesso!io adoro i vostri commenti *___*

davvero.
e se è la mia foto che vi ha fatto pensare a ognuna di queste cose ne sono più che onorata..

tutte risposte favolose.

P a o  nessun pensiero è mai inutile. i sogni sono favolosi. tienili con te sempre. non li abbandonare mai. fatti tenere compagnia da loro :)Giorgia te lo dico sussurando MA COME!? :)
questo bellissimo struggente film:
 
www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhBOznSsmSk

al minuto 2:54  ...precisamente, la scena che preferisco...

anche se ce n'è un'altra del film più attinente alla tua posa...la scena che preferisci è quando lei cade e strilla????????

(ammetto di aver visto solo quel pezzo eh... :P)mh! :)

guardalo tutto...vale la pena ;)lo terrò in considerazione come prossimo film da guardare.
ma non garantisco nulla.
mi dimentico sempre di tutto :)guarda, sinceramente...sarebbe un peccato non vederlo

(ci sono diverse cose apprezzabili in quel film...)macchettifrega delle stelle quando riesci a respirare il suo incanto.
ti basta quello. che si spengano pure. si brilla comunque.

bello scatto.
davvero.grazie mille.

e mi piace anche la tua risposta :)Bella foto......ha qualcosa di magico.Molto sensuale.
Meravigliosi i colorigrazie :)がんばって ね！Simply beautiful!Beautiful shot...this made me smile =). great shotkeep up the good work, i for one look forward to your daily photo!Awwww.

instant favorite!these are wonderful!
my faves are the main and last in comments.
(:these are really lovely :)the outfit goes perfect with the van, so cute and i like the crop!this is pretty amazingthe crop on your face is gorgeous.this is really amazing allie! its really fashioney and vintage looking! great jobgod i love these.
i really do.i love all of these, that last one is my favorite i think &lt;3gosh i love the processing on these
it has such a rustic feel
but so incredibly amazing.Awesome !!perfect!
tones plak mantappppp!looks steady...nice shot Emran.Stunning and tone nya Tak leh angsss laa best..mak aihh..cun tuh..bokeh and tone best bro!tone yg sesuai !

mayb dull sikit, or mmg nak mood mcm ni ?

my 2 cents :-)Thanks all...
regarding the tones... this was a non-edit version though... just the watermarking only..
the white balance was daylight.Very sharp image with very fine details
great shot
cantikThe bird is posing for you.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Check out my Latest &quot; (?)pandai jer dier posing ekkk..hehewow beautiful capture...
mcm burung terkukur lah...

PS : Pandai lah teka ....i shoot waktu lunch...hehehe.nice contrast of textures.Great shot.mmm dinnerBeautiful bird and photo, nice colours!!haha
happy burung day!to you to .. happy birdyNice!love the body positioning and the camera's POV. and the lighting; all around a great portrait.wow!such an amazing pose!!!!!!!so lovely. interesting how much strength and vulnerability there are in this one picture.i love the colours in your photos! 
great pose, i love how your foots looks (:I think the composition is just brilliant! Just wonderful! I hate you for being so young and beautiful! ;) &lt;3 XXX

especially dedicated to Johanna ;)Awww Cupcake! That is so super gorgeous! :) &lt;3Great shot! Keep it up!Great great shot!Nice one - and I really like the out-takes too (with kitty)  :)Las demas tambien me gustaron, me parecio genial la luz en ellas.Yeah, we don't win much, and our few victories are pyrrhic, but NEVER SURRENDER!!

Perfect framing, just perfect, and I love the way you process the color (gorgeous, as always).  Awesomely energetic pose.  See, I'd try something like that but, you know, old bones.

I hope you had a great Tuesday!Great the lighting and the composition. And I'm kind of in love with how flexible your toes look (not a foot fetishist).I &lt;3 your processing :)
it's all the more credit to you that I never thought about it until today.very nice shot... Pilates?Nice crop, and I like the lines in the floor leading my eyes right to you.I love this.
You're brilliant at photographing yourself.Fantastic shot, excellent execution and treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i totally am digging this. i really like that you've positioned it on the floor :)Excellent.  Congrats on Explore.oh my this looks slightly uncomfortable
but the pose it fanstastic
and the way the light hits you, so great
all else I can say is wow.great action photo!!!Cool.Nice sweep! great action!Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardthanks for the commentsFlott dette!Personlig liker jeg denne bedre enn originalen. Men originalen er mer &quot;punchy&quot; og havnet ikke på forsiden av Explore uten grunn ;) Du har et luksusproblem her...

--
Seen in the group&quot;Twitter Photochallenge #TwPhCh&quot; (?)Jeg burde jo lagt inn dette i første kommentarfelt, men okay - for sammenligningens skyld:

kult bildeAmazing shot!!!! WOW!!!Prefiero esta porque es mucho más sútil. Felicitaciones!

--
Seen in your Action set. (?)Fantastisk bilde! Gratulerer så mye ;)This is just spectacular!!Ja, Inge Pettersen har rett...du har et luksusproblem hær :)))
E ganske så sikker på at dette bildet å hadde havnet like høyt på explore, det e så knæsj og iøynefallende i sæ sjøl at du hadde faktisk ikkje trængt den vignetten, sjøl om det gir mer fokus på motivet og kanskje fikk farta mer fræm...
Detta bildet e derimot teknisk bedre og meir klar i fargan :)Super shot.

You are invited to add this exceptional image to
GOLD STAR AWARD (award or invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAward
invited with SICI (2008-12-06)

Seen in &quot;My Contacts&quot;. 
Invitation to View my Explore Collection. ]Very neat. Love it.Jeg synes også dette er enda bedre enn orginalen.
Et flott bilde som har blitt enda bedre, i mine øyne, ved at du har tonet ned effekten rundt skiløperen noe. Veldig bra.Wonderful capture 
great work !!!love this. love the colors!gorgeous!Smooth and beautiful.just lovelySo soft and lovely!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful composition and light...so beautiful....love the muted tones!Very beautiful, dream like tones.gorgeousOoooo! Everytime I see your photo in my contacts list I'm drawn to them instantly. I love this....the pink tones are fab!Beautiful tones!So beautiful colours! I like it! :DSo pretty!!beautiful tones!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Love this.Very beautiful, lovely light and colours.

Congrats on ExploreThose colors are nice =)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )I adore this! The pop of green - exquisite...


Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
Love these tones.ayun oh..

nilabas na rin ung kanyang masterpiece!!!!ganda naman. galing ng timing.nice one ate! perfect!wow perfect nga!!!galeng po!wiw! Fun Shot!Nice catch BBgood work beajump jump...nice shot madam.wow!!!

congrats on EXPLORE!!!Beautiful and colorful shot!That is one hell of a truly awesome tattoo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TATTOOS ON LADIES, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wow awesomeHaha!  Look at you with your sleeve!  I knew after your back was finished you wouldn't be able to stop getting more ink.

I'm doing my left sleeve now too.  Need to get around to posting pics of it.

Looks great!Thanx!
I'm thinking starting my right arm now :)There is no stopping you now.  Love the new ink, can't wait to see your right arm progress. 

Thanks for posting to the European tattoos group.wow--you've had some beautiful, beautiful work done!Stunning!Fantastic ink and canvas!Just a quick (silly) question....when you've had a big back piece done, how do you sleep? lolGreat photo. That's a lot of ink.Yun ang tigasin na driver hehehe!

www.flickr.com/photos/viewfinder-boylakbay2/3833812662/

Siya ba yung driver?Bus No: 3-Maria (Specifiactions)

Chassis: KingLong XMQ6120R
Engine: Nissan Diesel MD9M

@bentong:
saan mo nakunan?@ luis
mukang sya nga.

@ ronsag
sa urdaneta..@ Boylakbay:
    sir, singkit ba yung mata nya &amp; square face and medyo malaki katawan nung driver?Mahina ako sa description ng mukha sir. Basta medyo matanda na yun.you are a hack and a cheat and have no worth to our community but to anoy people please go away@liser:
Who are you talking to?@boylakbay:
   Madalas ko kse masakyan si 3 Maria pag paluwas n g Manila. Yung payat na driver (drives from Sison to Manila if southbound and Sison to Laoag if northbound) na madalas naka checkered na jacket yung mabilis magdrive at magaling dumiskarte lalo na sa pag-overtake. Eat my dust lagi lahat ng makasabayan nya sa highway...lol wow what a travesty to have something like this on the explore page...its a fine SNAPSHOT...but has zero artistic value  HAHAAHA, hey heres an idea.....instead of taking all your time trying to prove how witty you are by fooling the interengness software and getting this junk to explore...why dont you learn to take a good photo, and share something with the community that is actually.....interesting.... but clearly you dont care about taking a good photo, your more interested in being clever.....well grats on that i guess, you explored with a mediocre snapshot, my arent you cleverwww.flickr.com/photos/vli1027a/4308250725/ - Rear Shotimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!@monde:
Baka yun na nga yun, astigin yung crew nyan. Lalo yung sinasabi ko tinitigan nya at taas kilay dun sa florida na nasakyan ko noon. Taga Laoag ka sir?@rafallano
thank you =)@tigereon:
A snapshot that beats your camera and your photos.

@all:
mag-ingat kayo sa dayuhan na yan na nang-lalait ng photo nyo. Inggit lang kasi natabunan natin mga bus enthusiast yung photos nya at swerte na naexplore tayo.@Boylakbay:
   Taga Aringay, La Union mother ko. Madalas dumadalaw ako sa mga pinsan ko sa Vigan kaya si #3 lagi inaabangan ko pag pabalik na ng Manila and yan din inaabangan namin ni ermat pag paluwas kami from La Union.  Suki na nga tawag sa amin ng mga yan kaya kahit puno na pag pinara namin, sinasakay kami.Ah taga Aringay ka pala. Malapit ka ba sa Sta. Rita may mga classmates ako dun hehehe! Diaz ang last name. Yan ang masarap dyan, kilala ka na ng mga bus crew.Malapit lang kami dun, actually dun sa Sta. Rita crossing kami bumababa (bago magmahabang tulay ng Aringay) pag galing Manila. Kamag anak namin ang mga Diaz, de Vera, Garcia, Mapanao, Dulay at Balangue. Ikaw sir, taga saan ka?May classmates ako dun, Danilo Dulay ken Lemuel Diaz hehehe! Kilala mo? Kakainggit ka naman sir suki mo si 3. Ako kay 84 lang ako medyo suki.Parang narinig ko na sila sir, yaan mo itatanong ko kay ermat at baka pamangkin nya sila sa pinsan. Madalas lang masakyan kaya naging suki. yung mga crew mismo nagbinyag sa amin ng suki kse nung tinitikitan na kami, sabi nung konduktor, sa Mayon ba uli kayo bababa suki hehehe, ayun dun na nagsimula yun. Ikaw sir, taga san ka ba?Sta. Lucia po ako, Ilocos Sur. Dati po kasi ako nag-aral sa San Fdo kaya marami din ako nakilalang taga La Union hehehe! Kakainggit kayo sir ah. Naiintimidate ako sa crew ni 3.Ganun ba. Work ka na ba or college pa lang? Mukha ngang nagbago na ng crew si 3 e. mukhang nagswap sila nung karilyebo nila. Iba na kse yung partner nung sinasabi ko sa iyo na driver ng 3 na hataw magdrive.Wokr na po, kaso ngayon wala na hehehe! Matindi yung sinasabi kong tigasin na driver na yun.Work ako dati sa DIGITEL. Area ko Region 1 and 2 pero ngayon OFW na hehehe. mukhang ngang astigin yung crew ng 3. Nkwento din ni utol nung pauwi sya, sakay sya ng 3 kinarera daw yung Victory sa SCTEX, di daw umabot si Victory nung maovertakan.Sa Telcom ka pala, dati din ako telcoms kaso under ako nila ninong at erpats. Sub-con. Eh di alam mo din yung Mt. Caniao? May tower yata kayo dun.

Halos history yung ginawa nung Farinas kinglong. Usap usapan nga ng ibang bus company nung bago sila dahil iniiwan daw sila.Anong name ng contractor ng erpats at ninong mo? Dami opening for telecoms sa abroad, bakit di mo i try. Ako nga, antay feedback from agency for FOC engr sa abu dhabi. Di pa ako napupunta sa Mt. Caniao e.

Oo nga, sayang lang talaga at masyado laspag yung 4 na bago nilang Kinglong. Kuracha yung 4 na units nilang bago. 3 oras lang pahinga sa terminal, byahe ulit. Tulad nyan, nakabarega si # 4 sa Ricks, nakita na ni utol yun nung lumuwas sya ng Jan. 28 tapos nakita ko andun pa din nung lumuwas kami last Feb. 4, ewan ko lang kung naayos na sya.Link-IT kami, pero tagal na ako huminto saka apprentice lang ako. Sumama lang ako para maikot ko yung northern loop which is Ilocos-Cagayan area. Si erpats tanungin ko kung gusto nya ulit sa Middle east sana lang walang age limit hehehe!Basta pumasa sa medical, ayos na. Globe project ba yung sa Ilocos-Cagayan link?

Dito sa Manila, san ka stay?@monde:
Mga SDH yun, Smart Link, pero gumagawa din si erpats ng sa globe pero dyan na sa Manila. Sabihin ko sa erpats ko kaso nasa US sya kasama ni lola. Dito ako Ilocos naka stay hehehe! Taga drawing lang ako at encode nung mga gathered data sa survey.e vabè, che devo dire...Sei proprio brava !!YESSSSS!!!!!
This is &quot;BRILLIANT&quot; in Black and White 

 !!B&amp;W ONLY
bellissima fotobrave!Credo che questa tipologia di scatti rientri a pieno tra le più difficili da realizzare... complimenti davvero!per me la mgliore del lotto (finora)magnifiqueBrilliant! Well done! :-)Beautiful

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Black &amp; White Portraiture. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.è veramente bellissima,sguardo intenso!!!
Lovely capture! Congrats on explore.Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Somehow reminds me Sandra Nasic from Guano Apes. Beautiful model and precios art to discover her beauty.Superb portraiture.hah! i love this!CUTE!This is wonderful!This is so cute  :-)Adorable!Thank you very much to all of you for the comments!Oh so sweet !!yes!&lt;3!This is an adorable vintage photograph.Lilla-, Amy Crehore, *hbxx*, Theresa Thompson, thank you very much for the comments! :)Perfect 10! Adorable in every way.:)beautiful her, and the picture.• keico
Ah, thank you. I hope S doesn't kill me :)I'd say the experiment went well.... ;-)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 6MillionDollarTeam™, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome!oil-painting-like background really works to draw our attention to her calm expression... so pretty.whoa! you are an one big great portrait photographer, for sure!What kind of experimenting is this?  Mommie, I too want to experiment!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Night Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!It does look like one of those photos that seem so in vogue now, those ones that get painted on by some oil master.c'mon .. seriously?

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called How To Lose Focus And Bokeh People, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! Great technique!very pretty, k. looks like you caught her off guard, in a thoughtful moment.Hermoso trabajoAh!  I know her.  This is a very nice one of her.  I am sure she will like it, so I doubt you will be killed. =PTerrific spy pic!  At least, that's what it looks like.  I like it alot!Excellent portrait. Lovely bokeh..really like itClassy portrait. can I ask what film you used?Superb portrait work, the dof and how it shapes the mood through form and colour is simply amazing - very well done!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HappyBokehEveryday, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so swwet and delicate ... is that the hassie result or the film result ?

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great focus!you take my breath away!!!!i miss her so much.great dof!pretty! great portraitThe focus on this is just stunning! I love how she seems to rise out of this shot.Good framing and nice bokeh.so beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait Analogue (best only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is awesomeShe's wonderful, and the bokeh-frame is amazing! :)yes indeed...awesome high key contrast work...the silhouette is perfect here!!Great contrast and glowing colors.  Your eye for lines is amazing.Excellent eye!awash in beautiful blue light- this is a great shot for a magazine cover

I hope you do not mind the advice on the note re: slight cropHi, I'm an admin for a group called Crazy and geniuses = Folli e geni [ Invited Images Only ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

GREAT COLOURSreally love the mood you painted here--
Good to see your amazing shot !

A crazy &amp; geniuses Image!!!

Crazy and geniuses
Folli e geni Group très belle!jolie lumière!a colour palette simply wonderful^_^so strange to see this kid has a similar profile as my soni just showed it to Orlan, he was amazed same as meIf he misses a meal I'm afraid he'll die!  That is skiiiiiinnnnnyyyy!--
Good to see your amazing shot !

A crazy &amp; geniuses Image!!!

Crazy and geniuses
Folli e geni Group very nice compositionI love this shadowy and colourful vision you have for the world!  another fantastic composition and rendering...Love it!
Good to see your amazing shot !

A crazy &amp; geniuses Image!!!

Crazy and geniuses
Folli e geni Group wow! great work!genius!Fantastic scene
Seen in 

(essential) ONLY SELECTED IMAGES, ONLY QUALITYHow cute is this little man! What a treat for him I am sure.tro mimiiiiiiii ^^!Beautiful shot, great moment.Oh goll. Would you look at that kid. Dressed sharp for the occasion.cute!Great moment for this little man!
Very great picture
congrat.What a sweet Capture !

Thanks to Pete Souza !

I wish I'm that kid. Good shotI trust that the kid can remember that moment regardless how good or bad the President might be. COOL shot!Absolutely adorable!What a cute little man!! I love this shot!Future President.Lovely focusing on the little boys face ,Mr Souza.
That eye contact is an added bonus. Makes the shot .Pete you are good!There's so much warmth in this image. The boy's shy face and the President's outreach is very touching.This is tremendously cute.Priceless.

The humanity expressed in this photostream makes me so proud to be an American and so hopeful for America.Cutest kid!! Touching moment.It's like the Obama's mini me! 
Cutest kid, nice composition!The quasi-copyright claim below the picture is inaccurate, misleading, and not in the spirit of transparent government.

Follow the link under &quot;Additional Information&quot; that says, &quot;United States Government Work.&quot; It explains that such official government documents are not copyrighted:

www.usa.gov/copyright.shtml

You can't use an official government document to imply anybody's commercial or political endorsement without their consent.

But (at least in the US) you CAN reproduce, remix, and redistribute this photograph to your heart's content. Don't believe anybody who tells you otherwise.shoutingloudly: what are you whining about? You sound like an imbecile. LOL!Shouting can not READ, that must be the only reason he spammed this stupidity on each picture.

I have to ask this most learned flickr member, what part of this disclaimer was &quot;inaccurate, misleading, and not in the spirit of transparent government&quot;?

If you look to the right of the page you will see, highlighted in blue,  United States government work, it takes you right to the same link you provided. 

WOW!!cute kid and this is very touchinga little Obama!

LOLAgree !!! hehehehe....
A Little Obama !!!! cute !!So inspirational.i love this!Shoutingloudly? Read the CAVEATS. I would say the first two caveats could easily make these photos fall under regular US copyright law.This little man is so cut and I love his shy looking face.I was standing just off to the side when this photo was taken. I heard this handsome little boy tell Obama &quot;Your health care plan is scarier than the Cookie Monster because of the cost to tax payers, and you're too soft on Iran&quot;. And then he made a poopie in his pants.sure he was. the little boy also said, i see the republicans said the same thing about the stimulus yet they were lying their asses off. and then he made a poopie in his pants. ugh...it serves the republicans well. oppss another poopie.There, Belle, see? Read Sarasnee's comment. &quot;Maybe it is copyrighted.&quot; That's what I'm afraid of. Copyright creep.

These pictures are GREAT. The attempt to take a right out of citizens' hands is BOGUS.very beautifulWow! This is definitely a unique pregnancy shot, and I really love it! The light is really awesome and I love the way her beautiful belly is presented. That knitted cardigan looks very cosy. And her smirk is great. Awesome one, Julian!Sooooooooooo Beautiful!!!


Black &amp; White - P1&amp;A2Wow i've never seen such a beautyfull pregnancy shot !   Not all mum's to be are frumpy huh?

 This pose was her idea, wasn't sure myself at first but hell, why not.  Who says pregnant women can't be sexy too?wicked cool pregnancy shot. almost makes me want to get one :PSo beautiful !

Black &amp; White - P1&amp;A2nice one, great shot!Excellent portrait! Definitely helps that she's very pretty, superb expression.wow - wonderful portrait! I wouldn't go that far just to get a cool pic!

 Why thank you

 Always helps mate, not going top post the same shot with a fugly now am I?

  Cheers....the damage is already done. :P I'm 7 months along, and a girl is due in april. :)Really great shot, very unique and she's looking fantastic!That is honestly the best pregnant picture I have ever seen.  Nice work :)Gorgeous picturePerfect shot!This is a sublime black and white shot. Gorgeous and appealing.very beautiful
Congratulation..for you and for the mum

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)she is so cute!!!

and your work superb as always honey.-she is so beautiful, fantastic capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beyond the Sea, and we'd love to have this added to the group!finding the roots to itforest spiritbeautifully entangled in the light and the depths of an imaginary forest ...nicevery nice indeed!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Independentphotos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

so dreamy, loveHi, I'm an admin for a group called NEO CONCEPTUALISM, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called We all are mortals, and we'd love to have this added to the group!haunting.wonderful work, creative, introspective and beautiful us usual :))love it!brilliant double exposure!
the detail of the bare foot is stunning as well as the tones!great! ☼

.ah wauw!perfecto!!!!wonderful.Superb Shot!
Love it indeed.
You have captured it so well.
Have a good day
And keep smiling :)Nice shot, but don't know what I would do if I woke to find my penis glowing!hahahahahahahhagreat idea...Wonderful Shot!
This really rocks! Please add your photo to
Photos That Rock!









I love the light in the main picture.
I really like the 2nd to last in the comment.
Loveeeely!you are beautiful! i love the soft tones of these! gorgeousss :) xThese are really, really beautiful.i love the way you captured and light and the warm tones are amazing! Great set, i so love the 5th one. Awesome focus!the focus is utterly amazing, and so does the golden colors on the grass.

ohmygod, day 365 tomorrow! i hope you'd have a bang! :]you're almost done! this feels like summer, so warm and cosyaww you are just so fantastic.

i really love following your streami love these!
the light is perfect and your outfit is sooo lovelycongratulations on your 365, i can't wait to see your final photo :)whoaa awesome :D I love the pictures!oh wow, so beautiful :)this light is so beautifulll!I love all of them!
Your stream is lovely :]one more day, I can't wait to see the last photo :]
these are so so beautifulsame shoes :D
love the lightall of you are so perfect.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/10977505@N05/] I always wear those shoes when I take pictures in this field :)these are so beautiful!I love this shot. Beautiful photo.Beautiful composition, lovely shot.stunning capture!!!Perfect Captured!!
.
.
.Picture of a thousand words!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Creative Bird Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fine reflection!
Great Shot!
Please add this beautiful photo to :

&quot;World Nature &amp; Wildlife Closeup&quot;
Post 1 Award 3
Don't forget, If you receive 4 Awards from this group Post Here
If you receive 5+ Awards
 Post Heregreat capture!Fantastic captureSuprb, i would love this if the baby is in focusGreat job, love the size comparison.amazing reflection! great photo!LOL!! I love the captions!! Awesome. Shortie and chopsticks. Haha. And what a great shot, love the composition with the two birds. Awesome work!!lovely shot...
neatly taken...
well doneReally beautiful shot!Fabulous sharp details and excellent lighting in this shot. The reflections are terrific too.The odd couple. Great shot.Great shotGreat shot.  Love how the stilt looks twice as tall due to the reflection.  Wonderful details, as always, at the large view.Really great capture.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Awesome image, excellent shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Amazing shot and reflection.  So very lovely :)Fantastic......EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

Visita sus fotosawesome photo :-)こちらも素敵ですね。
かわいい♪すごくキレイな黄色ですね。かっこいいです。wow, this is amazing. love the focal point.You are so brutal on that drum set!  :)

Well done.hehe I can never understand how you do this :]
great shotthis is soooo cool :)I love these shots so much :)This is amazing place! I really enjoy this photo. =)Love the setting!
And I agree with Seattle Dredge - how did you do it?!love the comp!awesome composition, great shot Aprille! perfect light, too!very nice shot! i like the dephtThis looks like it would be a cd cover or something :) niiiiice!the composition is so boss. excellenttt.lovely!i still think its awesome that you play the drums. 
and i love this location! i want itYeah! I saw this off the 5 in Anaheim while driving. Looked beautiful.hell yes. hell yes.i so dont understand how you know things like this.how do you know this is coming?how do you know where to find it.dude.youre awesome.haha.

ps- feel free not to reply

hahahahahaha he is the man!!!Costa Mesa? You got spots on lock.dope, this car gets some play fo sho...quality wholecarhaha L.A. times.It's kind of nice, like, humanly reassuring, when upon the very rare occasion, you throw up a flick of something you don't have on lockdown...
cheers...Yeshaha i had a feeling it was ther,i drove by ther today to.i spy cameras on the loading dock.  looks like a very secure spotI grew up a block from this spot. It has always been this way.www.flickr.com/photos/lbkbigfoot/4117661483/in/photostream/

straight shot of itYes!Ohh shit good eye.. didnt even see that camera...I could to walked back there easily, but it was raining and I would of had to walk past four cameras. Fuck that. They will pull it out soon, so I will patiently wait.sick mecro whole carpatiences  zen master. i hardly ever see cars there. is there a through the fence shot here?There is one spot from the fence, but it was farther down the line. They kick cars out of there at 10:00am like clockwork. So if you are in the area around that time. you can catch them on the move.no wonder i never see anything.I like the flick you gotfound this
www.flickr.com/photos/11168326@N03/4310810267/Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Photos and Calendar* (Post 1: comment 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Looks like these 5 have escaped ...maybe they are on their way to the Olympics!!?? LOL

Excellent wide-angle shot ... beautiful view and great colour levels here!! Bravo!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Hat's Off to You! (P2/day+Frog Invites) - SWEEPER ON - LOL!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What aonderful sky colour.  I love all your picturres of these sheds.Glad you found your way again, Ann...Sorry you got lost - - sometimes it's fun to be lost, other times not!   Beautiful capture of the famous 5.
Red, white and blue!Great shot.Lovely shot Anne. Nice compositionI love them everytime you show them.
DA wonderful shot of the the &quot;5&quot; !  You did a great job on this one Anne. Love it.Those five red sheds surely stand out against the white.  Nice.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Beautiful subject!  
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )I would love to see this place!
Nice  looking scene you captured with the contours of that  snow pattern in the back.I love your red sheds :))great shot !cute little sheds! Love the colour and compo here!Great composition, and that red against the white, fantastic!Excellent shot!  Congrats on Explore!Beautiful shot.  You keep coming up with the goods my friend.  :0)Amazing tones and composition... ;-)
Work class!!Congrat's on Explore. Glad you went out and captured this beautiful shot. I love these red buildings. Their location is so photogenic year round.Well done!
Thanks for posting this lovely image to our pool


Tag your photo &quot;beautiful_expression&quot;
--
Seen in the group&quot;Beautiful Expression&quot; ( ?² )I love this shot! This is where we live. Actually, this is where my my youngest sister and her husband live. Only two and a half hours south of me.Beautiful workminacciosa gru...come si devasta un paesaggiofenomeno
Splendida!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )...

n!ce walla

well do0ne

FAVnice in B&amp;W . your horizon isn't horizontal tho!

comprati il legostupenda.la tentacolare morsa del cemento...
Careful composition on the thirds, very effective.nice conversion

--
nice work.Nuovi mondi all'orizzonte, tipi di nuovi alberi che si profilano minacciosi.simply beautiful...very nice use of space.You've defenitely got the mood here, fantastic shot!

Arpadlove the shadowy effect on the lead in here, gorgeous light and sky to draw the eye, wonderful headland - gives a sense of security in the open space. nice misty feel ahead, dreamlike. gives a wonderful feeling, to me, of hope and freedom, thanks Luis :)light as primary souceyou've captured the mood perfectly....as always:)Nice image, a cotton like mood well captured :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)So calm. Love the simplicity of this shot! Great compo.i SO understand your message here, i totally stick to it Luis. 
ooh, thanks for the interview!A lovely subtle picture, the point of the landmass is really well placed and the tones in that sky are fantastic.  Im not sure what they are (windswept sand,ripples, water?) but the soft dark streaks on the bottom all seem to point toward the brightness on the horizon.Wow, quite beautiful, and definitely of a mood. Nicely done.yes, lovely mood, beautiful silvery colours.
Wonderful work!!Heavenly....gorgeous.
Simple and great.Preciosa.

Saludos.Very good from a technical point of view. The composition leads the eye and leaves rooms for imagination. But what became more interesting for me while watching the photo was the notion that the mood you capture is not always exactly the same as the mood the viewer gets. Like now, We shall meet again, and I what I felt are only roughly close. Anyway, the beauty of photography is that it has so much to do with feeling and inner self... Beautiful work.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow...Uma senção de escala enorme com um ambiente austero mas ao mesmo tempo convidativo e libertador...Muitos Parabéns!

Grande entrevista, e uma grande verdade que os momentos devem ser saboreados para além de capturados, acho que tem que haver uma entrega das duas partes, tanto do photografo como do fotografado :D
Enjoy!Very lovely light and tones!wonderful expanse - really a striking photo!
bravoThe image pulls me into the depth of the landscape ... fascinatingNice works. One can easily tell the photo is from Luis as it carry the distinctive charateristic like desaturated color tone, great mood.outrageous.This really draws the eye.yes you are successful...it has a mood! And I think the title sums it up..the image gives off the feeling that someone has left and gone out to sea! Beautifully doneamazing capture !
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)You have captured it allright here, beautiful atmosphere - if anything atmosphere is something you know how to create really really well - love the opening in the cloudsBleak yet inviting. It whispers at you so that you can't ignore its call.Great shot I love the mood in this capture nicely done.well done!!bela exposiçaoA+ for the mood captured in this one--beautiful!
DanielFantastic!!!!!!!
It should be nice to see you in:

FINE ART GALLERY - Invited Images Only -excellent work luis!! wonderful perspective, exposure!  have a great day!!Une photo magnifique! Bravo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Little stories-pics with &quot;soul&quot;*:Invited photos only !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful sense of time passing in this beautiful seascape. It brings back memories of waves breaking in the distance, the breeze off the sea, the salt, the smell of kelp ...Muito boa a forma como o 1º plano nos guia e nos &quot;leva&quot; para o mar.
Os tons uniformes estão bastante naturais e fundem-se plenamente. A &quot;mood&quot; está bem retratada!! ;)
Um abraçoagain....or at least once ! 

You are a master of transporting mood in photos...!
Fantastic long exposure and seascape.Great work , stirs the imagination to think of things to come and to remember things from the past.very Beautiful shot!Very affecting, another great tide shot.Linda paisagem!
Não sei explicar muito bem, mas essa foto me passa a sensação de liberdade. 
Parece que sinto o vento batendo no meu rosto.
Como sempre, ótima foto! Parabéns!Fantastica.Excelente o &quot;mood&quot; Luís ! Belíssima 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Very nice shot =) Like it
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )You nailed the mood with this image.  But you knew that ; )  GREAT shot!I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Spectacular, my friend!!:-))love it!Dear Luis, I think that the result was great.Beautiful shot Luis... Zen.

Sorry I've been absent from your stream so long... especially since you are one of the most inspiring photographers (or visual poets) for me! This is no exception...

Hope your new year is going well!Gorgeous- amazing detail!  It's hard to find time on work days, especially when you've got littl'uns.  Hope you feel better soon.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Brilliant photo but I'm afraid it would set me off sneezing!OOh I love this! Great focusgorgeousGorgeous, I love the focus. Hope you feel better soon xThe focus on this is fab! Hope you are feeling better soon.Nice pic!
Could you comment on some of my pics?
I am new to photography, and would like some advice.Gorgeous.This is just wonderfulBeautiful shot!Very nice, hope you feel better soon xFab close upwow super super-macro!Great capture!Stunning focus

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)fab focus and detailWow amazing detail
--
Seen in the group&quot;Explore Furore&quot; (?)Amazing details.cool macroInstantes antes de la salida del sol.

Impresionantes las dos !!!.  Es un paraje con infinitas opciones para componer un bella fotografía, como los trabajos impecables mostrados por por quienes asistieron. 
Un saludoLa de después de amanecer, con ese reflejazo, está francamente genial.Un mismo plano con dos tonalidades diversas...! 
Los colores en ambas son preciosos, pero aquí el dorado / Naranja es fantástico y el reflejo le da el toque final.

Genial.

Saludos.oh awesome...this image is perfect, nice colors...La quise poner como fondo depantalla, que me viene muy bien esa energí maravillosay ese oro radiante, pero... se ha puesto un fondo blanco.
?????
Mi no comprender. Sniffff.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bubela/] Bueno !! ya está Teresa, cuando quieras la puedes descargar :))¡Listo!
¿Tú sabes cómo &quot;coloca&quot; esta foto de fondo de escritorio? ¡Es un cañón!
Gracias, Manel, ya está, ya puedes devolverle su austera discreción si quieres. 
Petonets!!!Bonitos resultados los que has obtenido en este pastel de colores cálidos, que parecen una obra pintórica.Una luz estupenda, así como la composición.
Valió la pena madrugar.Espectacular, verdaderament ets especialista em cels, reflexes i colorsManel que estallido de color mas impactante. Que tonos mas que  calidosBuena imagen que es como una continuación de tus mejores obras. Siempre nos sorprendes con estas maravillas. Abrazos.Estupendo ocaso, bonitos tonos y matices, asi como reflejos, buen encuadre.Saludos.El agua con esos tonos te ha quedado de fabula.

SaludosEs impresionante como cambian las tonalidades!!!! Desdeluego eres un &quot;maestro&quot; en esto de las tonalidades de la naturaleza, y yo... disfrutando con tus fotografías!!!!!
Saludos!!!!em sembla que em decanto per la d'instants abans, però les dues espectacularsTe digo lo de siempre, que es mas de lo mismo, repaso todos y cada uno de los apelativos que te dejado en tu galeria y te los vuelvo a repetir, un s2Maravillosa, menudos tonos colores...

saludosGuapa com la d´ahir, Manel...!!!!bellissimes !!!!Una llum preciosa, com la seua composició ...
SalutacionsManel es una foto guapisima ....Salutacions  amicmolt bones i boniques Manel, tinc molt que apendre.
en passar-les al ordinador quasi que calo foc dels cremats!!!Esoo colores que plasmas (dorados y brillantes ) son una maravilla.Or pur es aquesta fotografia, Manel. Salutacions amic.Espectacular!..Como siempre en tu linea Manel,la composición de revista,las luces espectaculares,los colores de 10 y esos rayos de luz la guinda,buen disparo!!

Un abrazo amigo...Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado *FOTOGRAFÍA ATARDECER AMANECER- VEN A VOTAR- AT-AM-CON AVES y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ATARDECERES DEL MUNDO-SUNSETS OF THE WORLD&quot;CONCURSO ATARDECER E y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

 Bellísima captura- Beautiful capture:
Te invitamos a subir esta bella foto y unirte al grupo – 
You are invited to display your image and join the group:
“Atardeceres del Mundo - Sunsets of the World”

 
 Sube1 – Comenta 2
Add 1 - Comment 2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado El MUNDO a un sólo Click!!  concurso: Invitacion a votar para p y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado NATUR... NATURE... NATURAL// Concurso &quot;ELIGE LA IMAGEN DEL LOGO y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo. Felicitaciones!!! Tu imagen fue vista en el grupo:
Congrats!!! Your image was seen in the group:
“Atardeceres del Mundo - Sunsets of the World”



 Sube1 – Comenta 2
Add 1 - Comment 2Realment boniques Manel, la de després de la sortida del sol, amb els colors i reflexos és captivadora. M'hagués agradat venir, però obligacions familiars ho impediren. Enhorabona.
Salu2
XimoUna luz y un color espectaculares. Que bien has reflejado en estas dos fotos la variación de luces y colores que hay cada minuto en los amaneceres del Delta. Felicitaciones!!! Tu imagen fue vista en el grupo:
“Fotografía Atardecer Amanecer”

Congrats!! Your image was seen in the group:
&quot;Sunrise Sunset Photo&quot;!


Uns tons molt bonics i càlids. Queda molt bé representada la diferència de colors a cada momentf-a-b-u-l-o-s-a con todas las letras....leyendolas bienapoyo la idea de cortto y me uno m-a-r-a-v-i-l-l-o-s-i-s-i-m-a, un lujazo amigo me encanto :)No es possible que he oido en Espana ... un dia ... 
.... lo haces !! ... mas tarde tiennes bastante tiempo a saber ... todo !!!
Hombre !! ..amigo Valentin .. como me gusto tu Arte , un abrazo :)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado los últimos románticos y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Es fantástica, composición y procesado de lujo..Valentin muy buena..Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado F 5,6 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Que nitidezEs fantastica.Me parece como tu bien dices que es una gran imagen , con una gran composicion disparada por un gran disparador FELICIDADES AMIGOExcellent oneAwesomenice shotVaya, parece que he sido yo el primero.

guapa foto de calle de interior, son mis favoritas.Hay Valentin como me gusta, maravillosa amigo felocodades, un saludo.Magnifica composicion y buen procesadogenial compi, me dan ganas de salir ahora mismo a hacer robados tan buenos como este, que bueno amigioMuy buena toma...me gusta mucho el encuadre y la composicion...
Congratulations! You have been given the Crystal Award ~ Invited Photos only . Please post your photo to the group.
If you received this award from the Crystal Invite Thread immediately delete the picture from the discussion group or you will be bannedComo dijo Gertrude Stein: &quot;leer y escribir son sinónimos de EXISTIR&quot;

Leer es una de mas mejores formas de aprender y, a su vez, sentir más intensamente.
Escribir es una manera de llegar a la profundidad del SER.

Cuánta verdad se atesora en los libros. Y qué ALUCINANTE TESORO nos has regalado con esta foto.

Amigo, eres un fenómeno de los robados y del BN.

Un abrazoYour photo deserves a Ruby
 
Please add this photo to the  The Ruby Awards group
You can tag your photo RubyPhotographerBuen robado y procesado de lujo.

Saludos
Congratulations! You have been given the Crystal Award ~ Invited Photos only . Please post your photo to the group.
If you received this award from the Crystal Invite Thread immediately delete the picture from the discussion group or you will be bannedexcellentHermosa imagen..Preciosa composición y procesado
Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;

***Please delete your photo from the invite thread after invitation!***para ser una estacion que suerte que estaba solo,buena cacturaValentìn felicdades por esta captura tan estupendaaa, genial!!Excelente robado con una gran composicion y un precioso blanco y negro.

Esta foto tiene su &quot;Que&quot; F 5,6 
que buena foto muy limpia me gusta!!hermosaaaaaaaaaaa!
me enamoro de vos!
pero en el buen sentido eh, sabes...impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!BeautifuL...............wonderful cool work!Awesome shot :)Zabardast.nice one
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)bht khoob, bags of depth and so warm...Composition is so balance dude... Good workwhat a fantastic shot.very nice compo...This is nice!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely capture, nice light and wide angle capture !me likes ...me likesHi, I'm an admin for a group called Anatomy of Restlessness, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fabulous shot!..Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Great shot !love the composition and colorsimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!very pretty shot!love the colors&amp;expressionStunningly beautiful portrait

Love the face painting and bokehwhat an intense gaze....

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful, great light and colours....She looks more than just a little menacing...yikes.that's some badass face painting!lovely portrait
great colorsReally lovely!!A beautiful shot.whoever painted her face has got some great talent. Excellent CatchLight here

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called CatchLight, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful portrait, love the colours and those eyes are amazingly beautifulThe face painters at these events you attend are so talented, and the colors are just jaw dropping. Well done.Cute and beautiful! =)beautiful :) :) love the light!Her eye color is so gorgeous with that face paint!striking eyes , colors very intense look wowgreat shot
love the eye-detailshahaha! She dont like so happy.wow the colours are fantastic!!!!!!!!so pretty! i love how there's a lot cyan/light blue details in the photoblue eyesThe blues in this photograph are so intensely beautiful.  Her eyes are breathtaking.  Love it.BEAUTIFUL colours! :)pleaseeeee share your editing techniques, theyre are just far too amazing~~Wow, so perfect! The colors and light are amazing!really really stunning!this is gorgeous!im speechless !I love it! What a pout! 

Great work on this fine portrait!P E R F E C T.

just perfect :)I really like the tones here, Dave.  Gorgeous blue brings out her eyes!love the face paint and your capture.omg.  I LOVE this.  &lt;3

--
Seen in the group&quot;   = •tHe VeNt• =&quot; (?)Um yes. I love this. Sexy. Not sure why it's sexy, but it's sexy. :)::swoon::Awesome!

The translating thing: it feels like that for me EVERY day!Wow, just wow.god this is amazing! the light is perfect! &lt;3love it!  especially large and in charge!i. want. my. foot. tattooed.

&lt;3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called d a y_d r e a m e r s (admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice, and I love how you framed this :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Supercool tat!super duper...love itwicked shot love the tatThank you  :)hawt!i want these shoes. nice shot.awesome photo, and nice inkNice tat, Brooke! 

Hope you're doing good, girl.Fantastic black and white image. Excellent treatment and gorgeous results.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Sexy Mama!LOVE!the alrge goodness is impossible to resist...LOVE IT!!!!!I really really want these shoes.
Nummy.Whoa! Nice shot!Lov it!  My old running trail..w/o the snow, of course.very very cool ! Thanks for taking the trouble to go to the mall to take this and shareGreat shot that should be a postcard!I still say this is a painting :)Nice shot!  And you're braver than I am! :)  I want to go out, I have cabin fever, but the roads around here are TERRIBLE!  My wife got stuck in the snow on the way home last night.  She went into work today and it took her 40 minutes to drive what normally takes 5 minutes.Wow - well worth the trip I would say ........... beautiful shot - thanks for sharing!!Love the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.very nice!Wonderful shot. I'd say it was worth the trip even in the knee deep snow.Great shot!very Beautiful shot!Wonderful shot !!Beautiful!Definitely an awesome pic


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)very Beautiful shot

^_^Ze zijn allemaal mooi en lief, en ik denk dat er wat competitie is nu Harley bij de club is gekomen, maar ik weet dat Goofy altijd een speciale plek in je hart zal houden;-)Oh my sweet Goofy, you're the main reason I went questing for buikschuivers and the Wild Bunch! What a big heart you have to welcome the adorable girl to the 'Bunch!'...and the third Musketeer, another darling and very serious young man...Hello little Goofy!! 

You are getting some serious gray hair there!!

I am loving &quot;portrait week&quot; Sas...is Harley next?Leuk joh!Wat een mooi en lief portret!Gorgeous furbaby - nice shot!Goofy, all of the internet loves you!  You are a special boy!a fabulous post .......I just love his pose &amp; the sign of a bit of grey hair.....He is darling!  I just love that I can see his character shining through.  Great shot!Goofy is such a handsome boy! I'm glad Harley won him over.Ja het valt niet mee om een kleine concurrent te krijgen.... Maar je blijft een mooie jongen hoor Goof!Lief kereltje!!who's next????? Ik wacht met spanning af.
Allemaal hebben ze iets speciaals, mooi.
knuffels met pootjesJe hebt drie prachtige portretten gemaakt. Zo verschrikkelijk lief!
Goof, je krijgt een grijs sikje en het staat je super cool!Gorgeous furbaby - great shot! very nice.Excellent portrait!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Hey lekker ding! Jij blijft toch de leukste hoor...
Op heel de wereld is er geen Teckel zoals jij.
Jij bent de verspreider van het Teckelvirus.Whieieuw Goofy!!
Je staat er weer goed op kleine charmeur!
Pas maar op; ik neem je volgende keer gewoon stiekem mee in m'n binnenzak!
Dikke kus voor jullie allemaalWhat a beauty....!Gaby!! Me encantan ambas, tengo que decir que te la comiste con el segundo bokeh!
Tambien me encanta el punto #2! 
Te felicito!me encantan!!!Chulas Gaby!
La segunda me encanta!A mi la segunda ME MATA!
Hay mucha clase en estas ediciones.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Texturiza *ME - February Contest: ARCHITECTURE | ARQUITECTURA y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Vintage &amp; Retro y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Divina !!!!Me encantan las dos Gaby!! preciosas!! esos tonos del fondo, grises, negros.... que bellos!!! Superbes!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Fantastic...love this!!!Las dos son preciosas, la edicion genial!!! mer encanta!!!A very nice picture, I like the tones and colorMe gustan las dos muchisimo!!! Como me gusta tu bowl con lunares!!!Las dos son divinas!La segunda es mi preferida,yo creo que es una tara que tengo, que cada vez q alguien pone dos fotos a mi me gusta mas la segunda asi que no me hagas mucho caso.
Gracias por lostres puntos.Me gusta todo, las 2 fotos y los 3 puntos. Es más, lo pondría todo en mi cocina enmarcadito.Me gustan las dos, están preciosas !!jajaja que risa me dió el comentario de Kari. Las dos son buenísimas pero la segunda es espectacular Gaby, una edición bellísima!q tiernas..muy bonitas..oh, great dof and focusing !!! but my fav part is that bowl dots !!! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3beautiful!Love both of them....the bowl is lovely!Ay Gaby que bellas las dos! Pero la segunda es de revista. Bellisima. Y me matas con los polkadots!Me encantaaaaaaaan Gaby!!! 
Mil gracias por tus palabras! Te quiero mucho ♥Qué bonitas!!Muy lindas las dos fotos Gaby!Qué bella composición Gaby. Me gustan mucho las dos fotos.Te pasas! Lo que más me gustó (lo siento) ha sido el fondo!!! Es precioso!Gaby te juro que parece una pintura!
Preciosa!wonderful composition and love the processing!Bellisimas palabras y muy bella la foto tambien &lt;3&lt;3Great image !

Congrats on Explore.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.very nice tones and polka dots!La luz en la segunda foto es super bella, me gusta mas!
Las dos fotos son divinas, el still life no es ningun misterio para ti, es pan comido.

Esas citas me gustan cada dia mas, Gabi, y yo son anti-citas 100%estan bellisimas las dos pero creo que la segunda es mi preferida :)i LOVE this! 
the colors and tones are perfecti like it too. it's simplicity is intriguing.this is different from your usual style but its looking real nice.perfect the composition!I like how simple it is.i love this
i want that lighti absolutely love thisi love the colors in thisintriguing...just because i have no idea what it is or why it hangs from your ceiling. is it a light? but i love the colors and the simplicitygoodnight :)


joe i love your filmeu gustothis is interesting. i enjoy the composition. 
and the &quot;feel&quot; of this photo is quite brilliant.loooooove  iti love it too
very intriguingis it a lamp? very interesting.i like dis mooooooreI adore this.AHHHHH I love this, Joe. I'm glad your film turned out so perfectly.very perfect, me like :)I like how simple this is. :)the simplicity... =)That's so cool! :)es un arcoiris de fotografía!so delicate... ^_^(:Really fun shot!woah, crazy coolamazing... so much going on that you really need to look at this one for a few minutes to really appreciate it.what an awesome perspective!Wow this is awesome!I love your artistic eye for detail!  Stunning!Great reflection!!!I love this!!!my jaw is hanging openCool reflection!Oh my - this is killer!! Love it ... the more I look at it the cooler it is!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthBeautiful image!Great shot, love the colours, the composition and the reflection. Really nice!such a cool shot!Lovely!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called UK Emergency LED's, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant shots!Nice one that Landrover is fantasticthe landrover looks weirdly small next to the skoda i think. Skoda looks much nicer.

I wonder if its a new vehicle waiting to be fitted out with the emergency lighting systems, hence the reason for the small magnetic roof light. Cheers K &amp; for fav too!
 Thanks Jon - posted!
 Ta Ben..
 Hi Chris.. This was 'leased' 'borrowed' or (hopefully not) bought to use during the bad weather periods.. 4x4 and all that! 
So they don't want to mess about with it too much hence temp lightbar.. I don't know why they just didn't get some more Skodas!!

Cheers Nat &amp; Lea for favs..wow brill Cheers mate &amp; for fav too!
Thanks Bern &amp; Alan too for favs..!We got a new Range Rover to help out in the bad weather we had.  Ours was a nice bronze colour and came with only standard additions unlike your!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!! Hhmm not we needed all of them Rich! Ta for fav too..
 Thanks mate - didn't know until you told me! Thanks..
Cheers BLofE &amp; Martin for favs!!Fantastic shot, Andrew! Great color and smoky water action. Great work, man.Fantastic shot!!!Killer sky/clouds, stunning capture.Awesome, great exposure control and composition, I really like the strip of clouds on the top!

- Harkwell composed and great vibrant colors in the sky rangeAmazing sky... great comp...Argh.  Dude this rocks. That eyebrow cloud just kills me.  I'm not posting mine until 2013 now.  :)  

Great seeing you buddy.  This is RIPPING good.Amazing shot Andrew! Love the composition. Excellent colors too... The clouds add a great interest to the scape. Congrats!Awesome shot Andrew! Totally sweet cloud formations. Glad you all were able to get out there.That cloud is insanely cool!  Great comp and work my friend!Stunner! Love the milky looking water and fantastic sky.Sorry Christina... I like the color version better. Great job Andrew. The warm colors in the rock do a nice job of balancing the sky. Well done!Epic sky in this shot Andrew. Dang.  i really like the comp and how the curve of the rock is nicely framed in the foreground of the image.  Glad you had a good time out there.Wow, this is stunning - the composition is great, the long exposure makes the water look soft, and you got a perfect sunset on top of that.Stunning sunset. Love the horizontal cloud all lit up like this. Excellent composition with the rocky shoreline in the foreground. Nice job with the slooooooow exposure and colors. Where abouts was this taken?fantastic shot love the colors!Sweet!  That cloud up at the top is so weirdly cool.

~JoshThat cloud is what makes this one unique. Nice shot man, your images are getting better and better all the time. Keep it up!This is great Andrew.  The clouds near the top are killer although I wish there was a bit more separation with the top of the frame.  Other than that small nit, this is one sweet image!Love that bracketing cloud, and great comp overall. very sweet, Andrew :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Stunning image my friend ..love the long exposure and fantastic sky tooExcellent shot! Insane cloud action!You found the place! That cloud is so unique - don't think I've ever seen anything like it before. Beautiful as always!you nailed this one too!!!! that sky is sweet and I love how it seems to be sweeping up......Those clouds are amazing.  The foreground looks great too.@ Ron, waaaaaaaaah you boys always stick together. Dude Kumler I know I'm reiterating but I really love the wispy finger clouds. I changed my mind last minute about the color version and now Ron is making me regret it. You Rock boy :)The cloud makes this shot.Very cool!  That cloud looks like the end of a broomAwesome shot Andrew! You really rocked this place. My favorite part is that orange rolling cloud line.i love both yours and christina's shot, but i would have never been able to turn such a colorful scene into a b&amp;w!  this is an amazing composition with the cloudline at the top... it looks like they were painted there!! another great shot of the cauldron!! one of these days i will actually get out of the car and shoot this! :)amazing compo and excellent color tones!!
Cool location indeed, hope to see more from this spot!! Great comp and colors!!Beautiful long exposure and location.Awesome clouds, you don't see those that often. 

SS Congrat's on Explore. what a peaceful place!Nice wispy motion of the clouds.Love this Andrew, nice deep tones and great water, good work my friend.whoa! That's one heck of a sky! Love the water too!I bet this condition put a smile on your face. Very nicely captured Andrew!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Golden Landscape, Only The Best ! (Post 1, Comment 2) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!superb capture perfect lighting ,good work my friend J.B...thanks for the screen print on my ruby shot, you rock!!Just a spectacular deck of clouds there!  Really interesting shot.  Great work!Wow! A lovely image! You got the light beautifully.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great work ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bussabar's Phuket, and we'd love to have this added to the group!AMazing!  I love to see the images form all of you that shoot the same place!  you have the same clouds as Christina only maybe a bit later..Really like your colors in here...Sounds like a good time was had....:-)Wonderful shot.  love the rocks off in the distance.  Nicely done.That sky looks pretty sweet.Beautiful Andrew, loving the clouds!Way cool rocky seascape!! Love the colour in that sky.
Excellent long exposure.Excellent shot, the sky's beautiful, well captured.Beautiful light and tones

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice shot, those clouds are really amazing!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Love the feel in this. Can't put my finger to what exactly, it just &quot;speaks&quot; to me. Cheers
Håkon
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )As much as I love the long exposures I wish there was more detail in the clouds. I am imaging a composite with a long exposure of the ocean and waves with a shorter exposure of the sky and clouds. Otherwise I like how you broke the rules with the comp; according to the rules this should be bland but it isn't.top photo!Excellent shot, this is Yahatts isn't it.Great shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Beautiful! I need to head up the coast. You guys get some amazing shots!The tones of the sky are amazing!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Gorgeous image... I'm awed 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I just love this comp.  I was drooling over Christina's take, now i'm drooling over this one.  I love the water motion here, and of course, that amazing cloud.gorgeous light and exposure.  love those clouds.Awesome sky!Cracking seascape shot Andrew, that sky is just something else aint it. Superb shot mate!Dude, that's one SICK cloud up there and all nicely lit up! Can't see that happen too often. Glad you were there to freeze this moment forever on card. Great overall exposure and nice comp buddy! Rock star material for sure!Very unusual sky there, looks pretty awesome. Good use of the foggy water stuff.Awesomegreat shotawsomeI-AM-SCREAMING-QUIETLY in a crowded place right now. Maaaaaaaan, THIS IS ITFantastic, fantastic, fantastic. The lighting's brilliant and that expression is priceless.I definitely love this session...so sweet.your newborn shots are always so beautiful..she's so sweet!Adorable.So very precious - love it so much :) !oh the rolls on this little one, so precious!so sweet!ohh! adorable!awwwww...so sweet! awesome shot - congrats!!!!THIS is perfection! Amazing creamy skin and tones. I love it!So cute, love the chubby cheeks!!How sweet!!!!so beautiful, both the picture and the baby!Gorgeous!awww!Perfection!Old San Diego - Eine Reisewert / well worth a visit

grand disparo gracia por su isite...god i love diego
Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.



 
♫♪♫♫ ♥♥♥♥ ww00ww beautiful ♥♥♥♥♫♫♪♫ well d0ne
and thank y0u:)) be happy..

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 
Please JOIN US !!!

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 

This is Perfect! 
This photo really sparkles!

You are invited to display your photo in
A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem
 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Awards 2 Fave 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot; 


This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 


Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group


Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;The Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to www.flickr.com/groups/theunforgetablepictures/This 
Please join us and share all of your ANGEL's!


 ANGELS ANGELS ANGELS (Post1 Award 2)
Please Invite Others too!
You have been awarded
the Gold Seal of Quality
and are cordially invited to join the group


Gold Seal of Quality (1post:3Comment)


 This Photo needs to be in &quot;Nature Photos HP&quot;
Please click the flower to go to &quot;Nature Photos HP&quot;
  
what a Nice Shot:) Congratulations! 
you have been invited to join
 *? Beautiful Shot ?
 


Please JOIN US and add this beautiful picture !!!

 PRETTY NATURE PHOTOS 

 This is an amazing picture!
Please, add it to
HIDDEN TREASURE GROUP

 HIDDEN TREASURE POST 1 AWARD 3

Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
You are invited to display your image. 
 
  THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.


This photo has been selected for ·Spirit Of Photography·
Please add this image to  Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
And tag the photo with &quot;Spirit of Photography&quot; 
&lt;a href=&quot;http:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5

***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 
www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=46711032335


 please j0ining us t0 this gr0up..



ONLY NOEL PHOTOS PLEASE..

 Have a w0nderful new year.. 
www.flickr.com/groups/noel-newyear-christmas-yeniyil 

Please Join Us and Share yours: 

 NOEL-NEW YEAR-CHRISTMAS-YENI YIL
Please Invite Other NOEL-NEW YEAR-CHRISTMAS-YENI YIL Too!
please visit my w0nderful friend's galeries..
www.flickr.com/photos/mallmix/galleries/72157622856332069...
www.flickr.com/photos/mallmix/galleries/72157622682579956/
www.flickr.com/photos/mallmix/galleries/72157622870948823...
www.flickr.com/photos/mallmix/galleries/72157622995548350/
www.flickr.com/photos/10498719@N08/galleries/721576228883...
www.flickr.com/photos/28732124@N07/galleries/721576231196...
www.flickr.com/photos/humandecoy/4189430687/Great capture and beautiful colors !! Wonderful place !Hermosa !Me gustaría estar ahí.
Muy bonita.What a lovely sunny day to take photos ,this is a great capture !Fico conhecendo o mundo via Neanderthal!!!!Obrigada meu amigo!!!Belas fotos as suas!!!
Qto ao meu colibrí....aquí em minha terra ...temos muitos de várias cores!!!!
besos. wow! this photo deserves a flower! 
it has captured my heart! 
 
From Flickr Community Group Great work!Grand place. Thank you for your comments.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Looks Nice !!!!Incredible...
It resembles some image from the Space Shuttle... bay open... blue Earth just there...
Great shot.Awesome perspective.  Love being sucked into the vanishing point.This is a prime example of how to use perspective in catching the attention of the viewers and convince them to stare at the photo longer. Amazing composition and great colors as well. Congratulations!

Cheers!

Eric MansfieldEccellente prospettiva ! Colori stupefacenti, un'ottima saturazione ed uso della luce ottima.
Grande messa a fuoco ... e cos'altro dire??
Ho aggiunto la foto in preferiti, e questo la dice lunga !Questa foto mozza il fiato!!!! Che prospettiva!Con unos &quot;toquecillos&quot; de photoshop (pero pocos, ¡eh!). 

Gracias por pasaros.Me gusta para el reto de las siluetasEsta foto ha sido vista en 
this photo has been seen at

 National photographic 

Menudo contraluz......... a ver quién le pone pegas a esta foto.
ME encanta Miguel, imagino que ya tienes foto de reto.
Buen disparo y mejor procesado.
Un abrazo.Nice capture

₪ I love your ZEN`SATIONAL photograph! ₪

Seen in the group:  ₪ Zen`sational World ₪
(Post 1 - Award 2 pics  on the first 2 pages)Fantástico contraluz, Miguel. Me gusta mucho la lectura de la foto de izquierda a derecha. Felicidades.Excellent shot ... great atmosphere!muy buena la silueta¡¡¡ bienvenidos sean esos toquecillos !!!
jajaja. 
Creo que es una atmosfera preciosa la que has creado a través del contraste, la luz y el color. Me la llevo a favoritos ;)Impresionantes esas siluetas recortándose contra esa bruma y el cielo.
Es espectacular.
Un abrazo, MiguelLleva algo de Orton?... es genial ese ambienteVaya paisaje! Preciosa!Muy buena Miguel. Mis felicidades por la toma...Gonzalo: sólo reducir niveles y aplicar un poquito de desenfoque gausiano.Muy buenaVaya vaya Miguel, carne de perro esa Nikon jajajajaja. IM-PREZIONANTE!!!!!Fantástica, Miguel. Podriamos decir que es una foto en blanco, negro y azul.
Me encanta y me la quedo!¡Estupenda Miguel!, bien aprovechada esa niebla que había y que tu has cocinado magistralmente a punto de nieve...
SaludosFantástica. Me encanta.Me encanta la composición y la luz. Gran fotografía.Que espectaculo Miguel ,preciosas siluetas y la niebla de fondo hacen una magnífica composición , estupendo trabajo amigo ,un saludo.Impresionante foto, Magnifico difuminado que le has dado. EnhorabuenaExcelente foto! Estes só encontrei no Gerês e de há alguns anos para cá, na serra da Lousã, onde foi reintroduzido.Muito bonita amigo.Excelente e lindo retrato, Armando!!
Bela pose!LInda, foste lá e não dizes nada....Wow, that's really cool.  What a delightful creature.Magnífica!São muito simpáticos! Este é muito bonito.Excelente foto!

Engraçado é também ver um casal, o esquilo atrás da esquila a rodopiar nas árvores, sem ligar aos humanos que observam a cena.Beautiful photo!Esta com ar de 'Ganda Maluco'...saltou?
Excelente captura...parabéns!Gosto do jeitinho que eles comem. Por que o pelo dele é assim?Bonita expressão e estéticaexcelente!Esta ficou excelente. Tiveste sorte com a luz, está muito boa. Nesse sítio costuma estar sol directo muito forte.Ke pedazo de foto,se non te coñecera diria ke o animal esta disecado,es un artista tio :)Muy bonito!!

 
 NATURE'S BEST 

--
Seen in the group&quot; NATURE'S BEST&quot; (?)Woops! WonderfulQue bichinho espectacular!

Seen in www.flickr.com/photos/56541100@N00/friends/Que maravilha!!! Tão lindos!

Parabéns!Truely wild looking hair do. Wonderful capture.nice capture, cool to get a pose like thatthis is so pretty how it is standing there! great shot!Um belo trabalho.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Golden Bee (P1-C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant!beautiful tones and DOF!



The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee GalleryFicou muito bonito o esquilo!!

Com uma pose brutal!Realmente a pose está muito engraçada! Bem que gostava de saber porque razão os esquilos têm aqueles tufos nas orelhas...Parece que esté amaestrada!I love it!  He looks so curious.  Well done.Excelente foto .Really great capture.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~That's a gorgeous capture in time. Well done..beautiful pic! 

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)What an interesting fellow. Great shot and nicely composed.1mash2allahiledit moothhhhhh , 
mashallah 3alih elG6w , 
mn al7eeen mob 3arf esh ysweeei :p 
allah y3eenk leen kbrt :p 

wallah good job Fatoooma , 
(Y) ,  3thaaaaaaaaaaaaab
FaaveRoyal
eee ana mdrbtah afa 3lach :*masha'Allah..

Nice words &amp; amazing shotfdeeeta walla w7shni !!! @@ w enti w7shteeeeeni akkkkthhrrrr ya bnt !! yalla cm on kfya b2h :&quot;BIG FAV &lt;3 __ &lt;3 Love it &lt;33

faved ;Pfdeeetah (L) 9d8tii wallah 

rabi y7f'thaحلوه الكلمات على الصورهMashallah :**Really amazing shot  :)
Fa6oom wa7ashtini  :'(mshalla  cuteMashallah 3leeh &lt;3
beautiful black&amp;white !Bsmalla 3leeh ;* 
CUTE shot mashalla 3leek ;Dfdeeith mashallaa so cuteAmazing lighting and focus!
loved the B&amp;W tones.. 
and that little man ROCKS ;Dgreat lighting :) ... loved the way of his expressions 
he looks innocent .Mashallah
faved♥mashallah &lt;3Mashalla 3leeeeeeeh ., allah y7f'6ah inshalla &lt;3Wow
Adoorable !! Mashallah
what abeautiful shotMshallah 3laih
il.b&amp;w rw3a (Y)
Fave ♥♥sooo cute
alla y5aleeh
v- nice picmashallamshallah :*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ›››{♥Love Qatar4ever.ws♥}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ماشاء الله ابداعalllah Y7af'6ahmashallah ;) &lt;3♥.♥explored , !fav



Mashallah ..mashalla

so cute 
&lt;3 itالإضاءه رووعه
ماشاءاللهimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!ماشاء الله وتبارك 
أحادي رائع جداً ، الإضاءة فــنّ 
والفوكس إبداع ! 
ربّي يزيدك من فضله () ..
Amazing &lt;33
Fav ; ~
ii love this !! FAVcute  mashallaSo Beautefulياااااي خطيييييييره
ابدعتي
()()the detail really is amazing on this one...

i'm thinking you must have taken this a while ago, since it's doubtful the beach looks like this today in maryland... :)

but you're quirky...maybe you WERE at the beach today...who knows?

nice example of what the pinhole can do, in the right hands...Great details!it is very clear. wonderfuli love the way the perspective makes the arm and the bucket really tiny and spindly.Wow, that's cool! Well done!Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.Thanks very much, all of you, for your thoughts!Wow. the details are incredibleThanks, Esp0r!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ◄☺♫☼♥ ToGeTher ♥☼♫☺►. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato  *•●☆  Beautiful ☆●•* . Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato 【♫♀♣§♦ Sweet &amp; Sexy ♦§♣♀♫】. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Lovely image.  Love the shadows and details.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ¨°•√♥ This is amazing ♥√•°¨. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.grazie :)

thank youBella!Grazie P :)ccccucciola che bella che seiPataaaaata *__*Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato *The Pandora's box*. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Splendida creatura, diventi ogni giorno più bella!!!Grazie :) sei sempre gentile :)Bellissima..!

La storia di Re Mida mi ha sempre affascinato: direi che rappresenta in pieno la nostra società

Ancora complimenti a soggetto e fotografo per lo scatto ;-)Grazie Naim, anche a me piace :)wow perfectkindstupenda
amo i tuoi capelliMemento audere semper. 
+++Ahah grazie a tutttttti!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato About your head... hair..mustache...beard. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato hands arms feet legs. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Bella bella :)ah, eccoti qui!
bella la luce...
forse un bn ci stava anceh bene!Emiliano quì c'è la versione in BN
www.flickr.com/photos/30105430@N03/4244713531/

Amore mio mi manchi &lt;3Cool!Thank you all :)

grazie mille :)wow, carina!grazieUh, sei tornata!
Bella, nella posa e nell'espressione, vagamente persa! :)

ps: però potresti mettere i titoli in italiano! ehehMi piace molto, brava :)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Arab Chatroom. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Vista su Explore!!!beautiful :)Beautiful shot, the light is fantastic!Thank you!
Grazie!

Ahahaha Andrea questo è un verso di Virgilio, dell'Eneide, si riferisce a Didone, regina di Cartagine.
Dice 'Regina, tu mi ricordi un dolore indicibile'
All'incirca :)Aaaah, ora è più chiaro! :)ahahah :Pbella composizione, complimenti per l'explorebella bella bellaGrazie a entrambe :)Congrats!thanksGorgeous!Gorgeous catch, superbly done


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!thank yooouBella Bella, tesoro!love the tone of the shot (both literally and figuratively).  great composition &amp; communication of the concept

the mood behind the content (of the writing) comes through crystal clear even though I'm having trouble reading what it actually says...  

if there were someone watching me right now... I would look pretty creepy / weird holding my laptop 3-4 inches away from my face and tilted at about 45 degrees ... staring at some girls legs  :Dlol seven26, its a poem &quot;sex without love&quot; by sharon olds
thank you for the compliments!ahhh!  an Oldsy but a goodsyI was also just sitting at my computer with my nose just inches away from the screen!  Love this pic.Oh beautiful! Love the mood and composition and your conversion is perfect!Nice. Gonna go look that poem up now.

--
Seen in a discussion of Starting A Wedding Photography Business. (?)*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
 Stardust indeed!and so pretty!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ministract ( ... PLEASE VOTE ... ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

a perfect, poetic title for an exquisite shot! bravo, maryLou! :-)oh

where is Alice?
amazing wonderland here

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )looks like you're 10,000 ft above water. i like this.Wonderful little stars and great surface!It could almost be a veiw of the ocean from an airplane pov.  Very nice indeed mL.  
So you weren't quick enough to snap a shot off of the pixies in question?From my book storm birds

Dazzling!!!  :-)Amazing star!Looks like my shower doors. Pretty patterns.
WTnicely seen!

Seen in: 
  
Simple &amp; Minimalistic wow, fabulous shot, MaryLou.Sparkly goodness!Fantastic!a dream comes true!that's a great effect - like it !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )+ Seen in the Ministract pool - new exhibition by concrete4 +
.sparkle sparkle...just beauty. the universeElegant image with the light flowing from the background to the center of the dark image!

Very nice!Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World Abstraction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i can never get reflections so perfect, i'm jealousRipples and stars in the most beautiful way!schön traurig!bella!Sowas ähnliches gibt es bei der Lombartsbrücke, aber der ist nackig.dieser hier hat sich noch schnell was angezogen! :-DEine Wohnanlage?Ich weiß nicht, ob es eine anlage ist... aber da sind wohnungen, ja.
Direkt gegenüber (dh. wo ich stand) allerdings nicht.*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
  www.flickr.com/groups/forcecool   kinda surreal.
♥
:)Jetzt, wo ich das Foto zum 1000. Mal angucke, kommt mir der Junge bekannt vor. Scheiße! :-D@edikton(ia): ja, das kann ich mir vorstellen ;-)Very artistic!i Love it- Faaave ya stt 
&lt;3 maaaaaaaac&lt;33Favorite :)&lt;3amazing :).&lt;3ana a7baaaaaaaah ;p
amazong shoot
faaaavF 5a6ree wallah :pانا احبه
Raww333aa 
&lt;33 it
FaaVv-am craving Mc. so bad =(Ana A7bh :P



Well Done &lt;3333 Fav. 2llllay 5a6ry Feeh MC

Amaziiing ShOt &lt;3

Keep gOing FoRwOrd ^^ so nice 
amazingLovely edit &lt;3Just FAV ;Doh ma lovelovely edit &lt;3*
R w 3 a a =)
 اناا احبـــه ;P nice shot babe-mmmmmm micky d's&lt;33 it ,,.   

Ana A7bah :P
Lovely Shot

 |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Well Done&lt;333ana a7bah:*haha grats on explore thats hillarious it explored well fooled
&lt;333 Mc



&lt;3

=)

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 it-نآيسس قلبي &quot;thank you all &lt;3FAV!:D&lt;3333thanx &lt;3:*nicethank younicewonderful! (L)thank you &lt;3Maaaaaac , 
ana a7bh , 
Oo kelna n7bh ;p , 
Favorite :) 

y3jbni eledit elli tsweeenh 3ala ur pics , 
mashallah 3alich , 
BeltefeeeeeeG , 

thank you brother (F)&lt;33
amazing

comment me plzimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!thank you &lt;3bellisima compoخیلی زیبا شده
چه کادر خوبی داره
به نظر من یه خورده اگه سفیدش روشن تر بود کار رو متفاوت میکرد
حالت نشستنت خیلی زیباست غزاله خانم
عکس بی نقصی شده
در ضمن از اینکه یه عکس روشن پس از اون همه عکس دارک گرفتی خیلی خوشحال شدم!hala hey ma hich nemigim hey to kare khob bezarغير از زيبايي هاي تركيبي و موضوعي و اينا من خيلي خوشم اومد كه با صفحه فليكر همرنگ شده و انگاري توي فليكر نشستي و توي فضاي سايتي
:)Very clever :----)خیلی زیبا شده
هم با نظر آسد مصطفی موافقم و هم با نُت مینا روی عکس*_*

you are a swetty witch 

magical compo

: )Great shot just love it, excellent mood.من فكر ميكنم با بودن اون تابلوهاي كوچيكه روي ديواره كه اين تابلويي كه مينا خانوم انتخاب كرده معني پيدا ميكنه و زيباتر ميشه اون تابلوهاي كوچيك لازمه عكسه تا معني تمام و كمال بشه 
نظر يك اماتور
:)من قیافه شناسیم در حد موش کوره. مردم را جایی غیر موقعیت های همیشگی ببینم نمیشناسم
.شده مامانم را تو خیابون ببینم محل نذارم
:D
اون وقت، این تویی غزال؟
:P



این جوری نبود نشناختم
:D :P

مرسی از این عکس روحیه بخش
قشنگ شدهnice high key shot.tnxاین بکگراند سفید و این تم رنگ روشن عالی شده
کادر همكادر و تركيب بنديت عاليه !
دقيقاً رفتي تو خود فضاشترکیب بندی خیلی خوبی داره
خیلی عالی شده
بکگراند سفید رو واقعا عالی کار میکنیدi love this....!!!
cool ideaفوق العاده زيباای کاش بکش سفید یک دس بود... رو سفید کار دگری می شد...cheghadr doost daram in ak so form shekll dare ba sefidi kheili khobe !کادر خوبی انتخاب کردی...A lovely piece of work, Ghazaal, so bright and breezy.. ;-))a wonderful high key shot that is very well edited !
469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5قشنگه خیلیInteresting!amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wowwwwwwwwwwwwww. cheghad jest gerftiiiiiiiiiiiiii. delam vase bazi ha tangid.خیلی خوب شده این غزاله
سفیدی یک دست بکگراند را دوست دارم
عالیه@saber: :&quot;&gt;Thanks for your sharing!!

 FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3vaaaaaaaaaaa  mageh man chi goftam ??? :DI saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!غزاااااااااااااااال
میدونی محشره این؟
:X:Xعالی شدهآگر یکی بترسونتت از کودوم طرف میای پایین؟Superbly shot and fantastic treatment on this wonderful black and white imageaks samte rastiye mahshare 
kheili az en model aksa doost daramahaaaaaaaaaaa
in shod ye fave khoob :X
afarin
oon dayrehe kheeeeeeeeeili khodast ;)Very nice compositionммммм...обожаю блины! вкусный снимок!)Yum yum, very tasty looking Lena !!!



--


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )--

You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinner--
Your photo deserves a Ruby
 
Please add this photo to the  The Ruby Awards group
You can tag your photo RubyPhotographerСпасибо, друзья !!!!A picture delights! You did?Mасленица,  блины .... чудесно, Лена !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Serbian Open Community (POST 1 - AWARD 3* or BAN), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Масленица!? у нас это Палачинка! :) ОЧЕНЬ Нравится! :D 

д.

Please add your great work to group:


 Serbian Open Community
Post 1 - Award 3I saw this photo in Blue Ribbon Photography. You deserve another Blue Ribbon!
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Photos ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerФранциско, сама напекла....)))Спасибо, Agnieszka !!!!
Рада тебя видеть ,Dushan !!!
Тhanks Transmontano !!!i want  some  !!E' l'ora della merenda? :-)J'apporte la confiture!!!Знакомая картина - печешь печешь блины и все куда-то исчезают, улетучиваются.. Я люблю с грибами или с мясом... 
Красивый натюрморт с мёдом... Замечательный свет и краски. Уютненько, ароматно, тепло!Аххх как аппетитно!
Отличный кадр!Yummy, looks delicious.Да ты еще и кулинар превосходный! :)...Только женщина может приготовить с такой любовью.... Уважение и поклон!
Отличный снимок: такой уютный, домашний .... и я бы еще сказал, такой исконно русский! Браво!Это выглядит вкусная, мой друг, ты заставил меня голодным, LOL! ))))))А еще на машинке шить.. и крестиком вышивать... Просто вспомнился мультик ..
Волшебное кольцо кажется называется...YummyУмеешь ты Лена народу угодить, порадовать!Замечательно, Лена!

Пусть твои блины принесут скорее весну!I saw this photo in Blue Ribbon Photography. You deserve another Blue Ribbon!
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Photos ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerHi, I'm an admin for a group called SHOW THE BEST, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!I liked the really very beautifulLooks really tasty! Very nice capture Lena!Your photo deserves a Ruby
 
Please add this photo to the  The Ruby Awards group
You can tag your photo RubyPhotographerIt is beautiful and I bet tastes as good as it looks.

Your fantastic photo deserves another Ruby
 
Please tag your photo  RubyPhotographerSo good!Looks delicious! Nice composition..Ой, Лена ! Я в восхищении ! Ты похоже из тех женщин, которые за что ни возьмутся - всё у них ладится ! Фотографируешь шикарно, пишешь красиво, готовишь вкусно ! Даже на снимке видно, что вкуснотища ! Слюнки текут ! Вот бы к тебе за стол на Масленицу попасть !восхитительный!!
Delicious!!
.
Красивая картинка!!
Beautiful picture!!Замечательно!MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
so yummy!!! ;-DBeautiful ! LOVE this !!! I just love Russian folk art !!!отличная композиция!!que buena pintaaaa...;)

Você está sendo convidado a postar o seu belo alimento em nosso
Grupo “Sabores e Paladares” . Seu sabor será o nosso sabor!
Seja sempre bem vindo com novos sabores&quot;

Adicione sua foto no grupo:
www.flickr.com/groups/sabores_e_paladares/
Adicione a TAG: &quot;Sabores &amp; Paladares&quot; (entre aspas)Looks ...... ВкусныйOh My Goodness these look DELICIOUS!!!
:)
Wonderful photo! :)Very Beautiful shot!! 
Excelente! 
Lovely composed image!!Yummy!!! Delicious, 
Have a great weekend Lena.
Beijo.Блины и меда?
Я голоден уже, Лена!
Yummy! )))))))Mmmmmmmmmmmh ... now I am hungry ... i love this !!! Great shot !!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ART WITHOUT END ... - invited images only - P1 C1 -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called What makes you happy? ❤  O que faz você feliz?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I give you a FROM CITRIT,BEST OF YOURS
Citrit, best of yours!Hermosa y apetitosa fotografía. me invitas?

Красивая и аппетитная фотография. Я приглашаю?www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvuoIYBQF94&amp;feature=relatedyes, today was the day to eat them!yummy.......i want some :)
مسـآء الخٍيـر 
asoor il words wayed mtfa2laa x'P &lt;3
wayed 7beeeithum ;') 

1st بالمبـارك اسسور :'D 
الحمدالله جبتيي النسبه اليي تبينها 
والله يوفقييج فـ الترم الثانيي وانـ شاءالله 
التجيبيين النسبه اليي تبينها بعد :&quot;) 

w Mabrook 78 kel ilyy nj7oo :') 
*
x '( 

** ameeen 


Luvyew♥♥♥im smiling ;Dالحمدلله على كــل حـــال والله يبارك فييج فديييتج :D
amaazing 

keep it up hunny..!!

(L)الحممدلله ومبروووووووووك للكل-

ana MO9 :( 
Ly back :*


---------

Annnna Soommmmiiii
Maram dasha mn my lap :@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ !
Bs zain 7jzt liii :pP !

AnyWayz
:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD !
BigSmile L3yonch asoortii
w rbbbbe ench ktha (YYYY)' . . 
Klaamch m'6booo6 :p . . 

. . 

BTW : Alf Mbroook yal'3la w rbbbe tstahlen
w allah ywfgch ya rbbbb . . 

[FFF] . . Hope 2 c u soon
Luvich
Mbroook ;D
         

amazing pic .. &lt;33 foucs
7beeet el.words ..

mbroook lli ng7o =)          Cool.!(Y)Mita Nzaltee ! Twnee Sawait Check ;P 
- - Anywayz Mbroooook il Njaa7 &lt; 6al3 Mn a3ma8 Galbi &gt; 
W 3Gbal Fr7at ilTa5arooJ (F) 

aMa ilShot Ya5teee Wyid M3bra M3 il 7kim w il Drar ili itGooleeenha !

♥♥ys3dli Msach Asero (c)!
-- 3yal y8olon rf3te rasna ;)!
Mabrok 7bebtii :** . . Nsbtich etshrf :P
38bal Nhayt elSna etjeben 99.9 :DD ً  hh

&amp; . . Maabroook Lkl el Naj7een (F)!
38balna -.- ! emt7anatna 21/2 &lt;/3 

Ama il9ora CUTTTE  ♥♥
a9ln hal Face-at et'thkrni feech :P
. Focus-ha 3thbnii &lt;3 
W ilDescription F'9ee3 kl 3ada =)

*آميين
 آللـهمـ آرحمـ عمي وأغـفر لـه , وآجعل قـبره روضـه من ريـاض الجنـهالكَلمآأإت .. متفآئلَة ! تَعطِي أَمَل ~
صبتَي الأختيآرِ ;)

و الله يبآرِك فِيج , عقبآلج ..
بخصُوص الصُورهـ .. رهييييييييبّة , حَبيتهـآ .. هآديَة وبسِيطَة ~
أبدَعتِي ( Y )
;* keep it up `tjnn al'klmat , alla yawf8 al'kl ♥♥Loved It :D Alf allllf mabrooook :'''''''')
MAbrook to everyonee &lt;3

Al 9oora (Y) al Focuus 3athabness &lt;333
Mabroook again
Fav lajl hal 9ora al 7lwa :')


Ameeeeen *

FAV ..,,

N!i!ce Mashallah ..,,

Love it really &lt;3 ..,,

Fantastic Job ..,,

Keep it UP ..,,



M ρhσtσgяąρhεя =) ..,,


:D كلمات رائعـــة , 
ومثل ما قلتي مبروووك للناجحين والي تفوقوا 
والجاي ان شاء الله احسن :)
اما عن الصورة فوكسها رهيـــــــــب 
(Y)! مآعليه كلآم الفوكس ..
والإبتسآمه في الحيآه تعطينآ أمل فـ لآزم نبتسم عشآن الغير يبتسم بعد .. =D ..
ذكرتيني في نشيده ..
[ إبتسم إضحك وخل الهم يتكدر ]

وألف ألف مبروك لكل النآجحين ..
يستآهلون خير .. ومنهآ للأعلى إن شآءالله ..
يعطيج العآفيه الشيخه ..
وعسآج ع القوه ..
=D ..


*_*
Brb ,,abdaa3 ~ •º   




lovely ~



comment me plZ
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasmah/4340448596/]
      ^__________^

^

تسمع الكلآم بقوة هآلبنت :D

مرآ الكلآم جميل ويشرح الخآطر والله

ولو الوآحد مآله نفس يبتسم بيبتسم غصب ضض

واللقطة فوكسهآ يجنن ، والحركة شيييي ،^^

تسلم ديآتك وتسلم اليد اللي بالصورة :Pp

lovely 
keep it up!
comment and fav me pls )

Nice Great =DMBrook ya ba3d 8alby tstahleen :*** , Fdeetch abda3tii 7beet El.klmat
♥♥ Cuzn : Allah yof8ch , Lovechyaaaaaaay asero el words wayed 56rr6r &lt;33333
o 7baaet alkaleemat mn 8lllb .,
Mabroooooook  aseroo 7bebtii ;***
o Mabroook 78 Lkl el Naj7een  :&quot;)
38bal ntejteee ;)


;****Thumb-up*

=)
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )fav

حلوة الصورة ,


والعزل بعد حلو ,


حبيت الكلمات ,


يعطيج العافية ,

انتظر جديدج ..  

Ali - Alassiri

NICE&lt;33

=)

COMMENT ME PLZالف مبروك 
وتستاهلين كل خير اختي 
والله يرحم الوالد ويطرح فيج البركه :) Mabrooooooooooooooooook sis
3bal el doctora inshalla
seen in Explore 
well Taken 
FaaaaaaaaaaaaavDeseoso estoy de verla!!!!
Si son las primeras que tenías que haber subido!!!
Dichosa falta de tiempo... (imagino)

Pues no la veo yo muy entusiasmada en Budapest...Seguro que le está dando emoción a la cosa. ;)

Un abrazo!!!

P.D.¿Te he dicho que ese abrigo me recuerda a mi prima Bianca de Paris?buen retrato, con mucha personalidad y expresividad, 
saludosLa alegre campesina también en Budapest!!!y esa...??? quién es???

Me cae bien, tiene una expresión muy tierna, XDDD

jajaja, no hombre, no es cuestión de tiempo, sino de cariño y dedicación. No es lo mismo una foto &quot;cualquiera&quot; que tener dalente a &quot;la alegre campesina&quot;. Quieras que no conlleva una responsabilidad extra.

En cuanto a su entusiasmo, sí que lo tenía, lo que pasa es que luchaba con el frío y la humedad del momento, por no hablar de la prisa por la amenazante tromba de agua que se avecinaba y que el viento a cero grados nos anunciaba en ese momento :)

¿abrigo? ¿prima Bianca? ¿París?... no sé, no sé... 

Besicos



Muchas gracias Luis!



Si señor, si señor... tú lo has dicho!



Esa es la mejor modelo que jamás fotógrafo alguno pudo tener. Un buen día me la crucé en unas choperas, y ya me acompaña por todo el Mundo, y no veas lo bien que me cae :D

Tierna? ... es lo más bonito que ha pisado este Planeta!Una foto muy bien ambientada, me gusta el resultado.

Saludos...la saga continúa!!!! Estaremos atentos.... Abrazos!!!jajaja que carilla más graciosa!:)  Carita de frío y circunstancias. Estaremos atentos a los próximos estrenos jajaja.jajaja   que cara de circustancia...!!

Saludos amigojajajajaj! Y por qué sera que yo ya la siento un poco &quot;mía&quot;? 
Besicos!!!
--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Pues si que es verdad que tiene cara de : &quot;que frio hace en este puebloooo!!&quot;, eso si, muy bien retratada.Preciosa la alegre campesina...pero falta salta como Londres!!!! besoos ambos Ali ;DDla campesinaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-!!!!!!!! bien!!! que guapa es coñe.muuakkkFantástico retrato. 
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)parece que esté diciendo&quot; ya está otra vez el pesao ese de la cámara&quot;, jejejejje


pero tu ni caso, sigue haciendole muchas fotos :)

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)love.beautiful..!wonderful!!
love the mood and the tones ..you ladies look alike   xoReally beautiful   :)utterly gorgeouslove the tons and the atmosphere :)so sweetI love how sweet and soft this shot is.
This shot is precious.So sweet! Loving your processing!this is fantastic!mindy I am DYING over this....it's PERFECT!!!! looks like film:)Nwhoops, the &quot;N&quot; was from lucy:)AHHHH, Mindy!  This is ammaaazing!  I can't believe how long her hair is! ps- Ker says 'hi'aw this is just so lovely and girly and sweeteasily one of my favorites of yours.

and gorgeous processing.these look so yummy!  great shot!Haha... I do the same thing!

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…Sooooo . . . did they taste as good as they look?  ;) Way too yummy! Love the textures - I'm just trying to get started, but love your look!

KristinI did the same thing....  Ended up posting about 6 or so, Never did eat them though.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ashley_brown/4226493963/in/set-72157622663591518/]WOW! I love how you composed this image! The colors and lighting rock! Have a great week Lisa.gorgeous donut bokeh!this is an amazing image lisa. love your creativity in the pedestal, the fab bokeh and the muted blacks &amp; greys &amp; browns. yummm...Great shot!
I also buy yummy looking cookies &amp; donuts just to shoot them ... my kids usually eat them (If I haven't gotten to them yet).TEXTURIZED! Come check us out and add your photo to our group pool!wooow O__O nice effect.My!!  Lisa!!  This is AWESOME!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)o wonderful!!!this is FABULOUS lisa...Gorgeous! I love the light and the depth of focus! Just wonderful!

Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~

FANTASTIC SHOT!di forte impatto!

buongiorno Valerio!buongiorno Valerio! nell''immagine, nella luce, nella ripresa questa tua foto rende perfettamente il dramma. Bravissimo.ottimo trattamento :OCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato FOTOPEDIA (POST1-COMM3 SWEEPER ACTIVE). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.buongiorno valerio...adatto il trattamento seppia quasi sangue

g_uUna triste realtà!Ciao Valerio, foto davvero suggestiva !:-(......................ciao Valerio!!Bravo !impatto molto forte! Bravo Valerio!QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
L'immagine è resa spettacolare dal punto di ripresa, che la rende anche molto triste, come è giusto che sia, ma con un filo di speranza che fatti del genere non possano più accadere.
Come al solito con descrizione molto interessante ed esaustiva
Ciao e buona giornata.
Mario.Bella inquadratura e scelta delle tonalità!!!
Quando ci passo anche con l'auto non posso fare a meno di pensarci.... che per tanti anni è stato negato tutto ... e questa non è l'unica foiba!!!!!
Nelle città di confine, specie con quello Yugoslavo, i rapporti non sono mai stati facili ... un po' di razzismo c'è sempre rimasto. D'altra parte Trieste è piccola e tutt'intorno, sull'altipiano c'erano le popolazioni slave e Tito era convinto che Trieste sarebbe stata annessa alla Yugoslavia ...... qua da noi si dice che è stata anche l'occasione per fare pulizia etnica. Chissà se sapremo mai la verità in tutto e per tutto!!!grazie Vale@ Daniela
@ Mariarita
@ Mimmo
@ Anna
@ Patrizia
@ Ugo
@ Marcello
@ Giorgio
@ Mauro
@ Rosa
@ Fabio
@ Destinatio
@ Mario
@ Serena
@ Antonella
Buon giorno amici , dovevo postare 
la foto ieri sera come faccio sempre ma 
non ero in forma ......................
GrazieTi ringrazio per questo pensiero...la guardo e leggo in silenzio.Nice B&amp;W shot^^
This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image that deserves to be
seen and awarded by other Black &amp; White Photography enthusiasts.
Please accept this invitation to display your image in our gallery at

This Image is Invited to the Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please read and abide by the group guidelines!buongiorno Valerio.....
ottima l'inquadratura

una foto che colpisce.Impressive Shot!Una bellissima testimonianza Valerio E il trattamento ne sottolinea la drammaticitàbella fotociao valerioThis is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image!

This Image Caught My Eye in Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please Tag &quot;BlackDiamond&quot;
Please read and abide by the group guidelines!ho letto di cose cui non voglio nemmeno pensare
di orrori innenarrabili
l'importanza geopolitica dell'Italia nel gioco delle alleanze occidentali
ha per anni messo a tacere simili contesti storici
stragi su di noi perpetrate
stragi da noi perpetrate

giusto ricordare
per sempre non dimenticare

giannon servono parole.Nessun commento! La foto e il commento sono piu' che sufficienti!!!!!!
Purtroppo certi orrori ci accompagneranno semprecomplimenti  valerio:-))
buona giornataGrazie per la preziosa testimonianza Valerio !!!
Ciao e buona giornata !

DamianoBellissima testimonianza Valerio.E' giusto non dimenticare.Mia sorella abita in provincia di Trieste e ne ha sentiti di racconti da persone del posto.Ti posso dire allucinanti.Ancora oggi nelle persone del posto c'è molta diffidenza con quelli della vicina ex Jugoslavia.E' una ricorrenza molto sentita in quelle zone,molti anziani piangono ancora oggi i loro cari.
Spero tu stia bene,ciao e buona giornata Valerio.Struggente ed emozionante, certe volte si resta profondamente feriti dalla capacità di barbarie e ferocia degli uomini - di certi uomini, il cui cuore è un abisso di orrore!!!
Per questo il ricordo deve essere costante, e la resistenza continua!
Grazie ValerioValerio, la memoria storica di tutti noi@ Joker
@ Patrizia
@ travelhaha
@ Bijian
@ Nadia
@ Levino
@ Gianva
@ Roberta
@ Irene
@ Roberto
@ Damiano
@ Pasquale
@ Ennio
@ Anna
Grazie a tutti amici , buona giornata
PS a proposito di memoria , sui giornali stamattina
(alcuni) se la sono dimenticata questa ricorenzala fotografia è di grande impatto emotivo , d'altronde l'hai scattata Tu, ma penso ogni giorno di piu' che gli italiani non hanno memoria e se ce l'hanno (in rare occasioni) devono sempre creare un po di cotrapposizione tra eventi tristi .
Un Paese che non ha memoria non puo' costruire un futuro......
Grazie Valerio , è sempre un piacere passare di qui
Un bacio a Te e NadiaBello questo scatto... una gradazione di colore e un inquadratura perfetta lo fanno diventare pregno di significato.BRAVOOO!!Purtroppo l'uomo si è sempre macchiato di cose terribili,bello questo scatto per non dimenticare,bravo.la memoria latitante...Buon giorno caro amico..che bello..questo scorcio..su 
un passato che tanta gente ha scordato..
Buon mercoledì caro amico..
un abbraccio a Nadia;)Grazie Valerio ... per questo ricordo .... di una delle tante pagine nere della nostra storia .... la foto è bellissima .... Un caro saluto, con affetto,  Rosy&amp;RenèUna delle tante storie tristi della storia!QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
Hai fatto bene a ricordare... Grazie, Valerio!bella foto..Comunque sia nella storia il male si manifesta attraverso lo svilimento delle ideologie e qui non importa se ci stanno in mezzo “italiani, tedeschi, russi, inglesi, americani, francesi” non capisco perché tante volte non si “scinde” lo stato di appartenenza di dove siamo nati con il male che serpeggia un pò dovunque, beh! io sono siciliano e non sono mafioso e noi che siamo italiani non siamo ... tutti uguali.
Il male e sempre qualcosa o qualcuno (per chi ci crede) che vorrebbe entrare a far parte della grande famiglia umana ma non ci riesce ed ha bisogno sempre delle maschere “le ideologie distorte e assolute”.

Nel ricordare questi tristi avvenimenti, non ci dimentichiamo pure oggi succedono!Grazie per la testimonianza...


QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
Uno scatto stupendo che rende onore a quei poveri Italiani che hanno pagato per delle non-colpe, o comunque che non erano direttamente loro.
Complimenti!Un grende pensieroqualche giorno fa l'olocausto oggi le foibe.
Ma non impariamo niente.un bellissimo scatto per commemorare e non dimenticareQUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
Quand'e' che il genere umano imparera' a essere piu' buono !!!!!!!
Grazie Valerio per la tua testimonianza !!!@ Mariapaola
@ Nadir
@ Claudio
@ Parri
@ Annalaura
@ Rosy&amp;Renè
@ Formichina
@ Mariarita
@ Gabriella
@ Maxvo
@ Patti
@ Gabriele
@ Scarpace
@ Betta
@ Alex
@ snowleopard
@ BlueisCoool 
@ Piero
Grazie della vostra testimonianza ,
siete sempre presenti !!!!Bravo!!!!!!!!!!!

T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !doveroso ricordo...Giusto ricordare i morti italiani (migliaia) nelle foibe.
Ma non possiamo essere così ipocriti da far finta di non sapere che queste uccisioni furono provocate dall'incredibile comportamento criminale dei nostri connazionali in camicia nera. 
E qui non si parla di migliaia ma di un &quot;milione&quot; di morti provocati dalla violenza bestiale degli &quot;italiani&quot; in Jugoslavia. 
Massacri, uccisioni di massa, campi di concentramento, violenze programmate nei confronti delle donne slave, 500 paesi distrutti e bruciati, vecchi bambini a centinaia di migliaia impiccati col gancio o buttati anch'essi nelle foibe. Peggio dei peggiori massacri nazisti.
Questi crimini hanno commesso i nostri carabinieri, le nostre camicie nere...leggete ed informatevi e senza polemizzare facciamoci prima l'esame di coscienza. La nostra non è certo linda.

ciao a tuttispettacolare punto di ripresa! 
una forte innagine.....un messaggio: crimini da non dimenticare!!ciao valerio
anche qua nevicherà ancora
dicono
sono un po' stanca, eh
buona serataun dramma da non dimenticare 
ottimo scatto !!QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
una conversione stupenda per questo scatto!! complimenti ;)
ciao
Giorgiooltre alle tue belle foto, mi colpisce sempre moltissimo la tua sensibilità!!!!Free ValeValerio ...sempre attento e puntuale....
grande!QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
suggestiva e...drammatica !!!! ciao Valerio !! 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Which will look like this:
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
--
Seen in the group&quot;**Heart Awards** (P.1 Award 5) Rule Break= BAN&quot; (?)VALERIO  excelente foto virada .........SALUDOS AMIGOCOMPLIMENTI, LA TUA FOTO E' DAVVERO INTERESSANTE!!!
CONGRATULATIONS, YOUR PHOTO IS VERY INTERESTING
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOSbuongiorno!buongiorno anche da me. :)@ Gabriella
@ Terasia
@ Levino
@ Adrip
@ Patrizia
@ Jader
@ Gabriella
@ Piccola creatura
@ Gigi
@ Pellicciaio
@ Glauco
@ Cristina
@ Mariaceleste
@ Josep
@ destinatio
@ Patrizia
@ Mariarita
Buon giorno a Voi !!!!!!
GRAZIEEEEE !!!Un'immagine che anche senza la didascalia, esprime immediatamente un forte impatto drammatico. Il viraggio e l'angolo di ripresa accentuano la sensazione.
Giustissimo il tuo messaggio.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato as beautiful as you want. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  group

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE I love Trieste but I'm also aware of its turbulent history and suffering....You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;diamond photographers club&quot;
 
diamond photographers club
Please Invite other diamond quality photos to this Group too !

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE Immagine molto significativa!!!
Grazie Valerio della tua testimonianza!!!


Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS
NO.. contro ogni forma di fanatismo... raccontiamolo spesso ai nostri figli...grande.................dico semplicemente che sei un grande!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Giusto ricordare i morti italiani (migliaia) nelle foibe.
Ma non possiamo essere così ipocriti da far finta di non sapere che queste uccisioni furono provocate dall'incredibile comportamento criminale dei nostri connazionali in camicia nera. 
E qui non si parla di migliaia ma di un &quot;milione&quot; di morti provocati dalla violenza bestiale degli &quot;italiani&quot; in Jugoslavia. 
Massacri, uccisioni di massa, campi di concentramento, violenze programmate nei confronti delle donne slave, 500 paesi distrutti e bruciati, vecchi bambini a centinaia di migliaia impiccati col gancio o buttati anch'essi nelle foibe. Peggio dei peggiori massacri nazisti.
Questi crimini hanno commesso i nostri carabinieri, le nostre camicie nere...leggete ed informatevi e senza polemizzare facciamoci prima l'esame di coscienza. La nostra non è certo linda.

ciao a tutti 

(dovevo scriverlo di nuovo...per onestà)Bella l'Italia!!!


Bell' Italia

post 1, comment 2 
Please tag &quot;Bell'Italia&quot;COMPLIMENTI, LA TUA FOTO E' DAVVERO INTERESSANTE!!!
CONGRATULATIONS, YOUR PHOTO IS VERY INTERESTING
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOSIndovinato il soggetto, triste fatto, giusto ricordare con tristezza come nella scelta del colore della tua foto che evoca questo sentimento. Come al solito molto bravo.
Complimenti per questa foto!!!
Congratulations for this picture!!!

Vista su: / See in:
 Virgilio &amp; Company

Post 1--Award 2
Please TAG your photo &quot;Virgilio &amp; Company&quot;

Grazie per questa tua testimonianza.Bella l'Italia!!!


Bell' Italia

post 1, comment 2 
Please tag &quot;Bell'Italia&quot;@ Roberto
@ prdsra
@ Destinatio
@ Antony
@ Giancarlo
@ GianVito
@ Piero
@ Mari
@ Levino
@ Scarpace
@ Luana
@ Frank
@ Virgilio
@ carina
Grazie a tutti , buona giornataLa penso come Rossolev; altre parole sono superflue.This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)www.flickr.com/groups/musictomyeyes/this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 ciao Valerio

Bella l'Italia!!!


Bell' Italia

post 1, comment 2 
Please tag &quot;Bell'Italia&quot;...Ciao Valerio, bisogna ricordare per andare avanti!...
Un saluto a te e a Nadia.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )--
QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS
--
Seen in the group&quot;FOTOPEDIA (POST1-COMM3 SWEEPER ACTIVE)&quot; ( ?² )
Complimenti per questa foto!!!
Congratulations for this picture!!!

Vista su: / See in:
 Virgilio &amp; Company

Post 1--Award 2
Please TAG your photo &quot;Virgilio &amp; Company&quot;

*********** Admin Special Award ***********
Ciao, Valerio. Un'immagine di forte impatto....così forte che non sapevo cosa scrivere....a volte si rischia di dire solo banalità.....grazie....ho appena letto il tuo commento sull'ultima mia foto....mi dici una cosa talmente bella che....grazie!!un'immagine stupenda in grande è fantastica bellissima anche la tonalità e come sempre in allegato alla foto un documento di storia Italiana molto toccante complimenti per tutto ciao ValerioCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato FOTOEMOZIONI. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Anche questa per non dimenticare!! ciao ciao valerioBella l'Italia!!!


Bell' Italia

post 1, comment 2 
Please tag &quot;Bell'Italia&quot;This great 100+ comment Beauty caught my eye on:

 100+ comment group Add 1 - Comment 2
Please  tag your pic &quot;100+ comment group&quot;Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) Nuova vetrina: Davide Sirio174. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

che tristezza...QUESTA FOTO E' MOLTO INTERESSANTE!!!
THIS SHOT IS VERY INTERESTING!!!
 FOTOPEDIA
post 1, comment 3
 
GRAZIE PER QUESTA BELLA FOTO
THANK YOU FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS

RICORDA DI COMMENTARE ALMENO TRE FOTO
REMEMBER TO COMMENT AT LEAST THREE PHOTOS 
Impossibile non riflettere su queste atrocità ... ricordare, dovrebbe essere un dovere!!

E' indispensabile che ci siano persone come te, Valerio che ogni tanto &quot;comunicano&quot; a riflettere e dedicare qualche secondo sul fatto che la guerra è sempre &quot;criminale&quot; poichè affida alla forza la soluzione di un problema di diritto ed è sempre una  trappola per la povera gente che paga con il sangue!!bella e di forte impatto .......ancora una volta grazie
per le tue parole
buona serata!This great 100+ comment Beauty caught my eye on:

 100+ comment group Add 1 - Comment 2
Please  tag your pic &quot;100+ comment group&quot;arrivando ora non voglio aggiungere nulla che suonerebbe retorico e banale......
il seppia che hai usato trasmette tutta la drammaticità della tragedia....@ Dave
@ Francesco
@ Giorgio
@ Virgilio
@ Luciana
@ Massimiliano
@ Aldo
@ Gigarimini
@ Mariagrazia
@ Alessio
@ xmalaidina
@ Patrizia
@ Piera
Grazie a tutti !!!
Excelente, Vista En: * Dame 5 Premios *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.Valerio, ti sono molto grato per questo ricordo....abbiamo rimosso per troppo tempo questi morti, queste vittime....Mi ricordo, ero bambino, vivevo ad Alessandria allora, e in un caseggiato vi erano molti profughi istriani....ma se ne parlava con fastidio.....
Grazie...
Excelente, Vista En: * Dame 5 Premios *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.
Excellent, Seen In: * Give Me 5 Awards *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.
Excelente, Vista En: * Dame 5 Premios *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.
Excelente, Vista En: * Dame 5 Premios *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.Non l'avevo vista questa.
Sei un GRANDE.

This Photo was rated 7 / 10 By Give Me Ratings
Excelente, Vista En: * Dame 5 Premios *
Post 1 &amp; Comment on the 5 next to yours.Giusto ricordare i morti italiani (migliaia) nelle foibe.
Ma non possiamo essere così ipocriti da far finta di non sapere che queste uccisioni furono provocate dall'incredibile comportamento criminale dei nostri connazionali in camicia nera. 
E qui non si parla di migliaia ma di un &quot;milione&quot; di morti provocati dalla violenza bestiale degli &quot;italiani&quot; in Jugoslavia. 
Massacri, uccisioni di massa, campi di concentramento, violenze programmate nei confronti delle donne slave, 500 paesi distrutti e bruciati, vecchi bambini a centinaia di migliaia impiccati col gancio o buttati anch'essi nelle foibe. Peggio dei peggiori massacri nazisti.
Questi crimini hanno commesso i nostri carabinieri, le nostre camicie nere...leggete ed informatevi e senza polemizzare facciamoci prima l'esame di coscienza. La nostra non è certo linda.

ciao a tutti 

(dovevo scriverlo di nuovo...per onestà e senso di giustizia)ottimo il simbolo scelto per ricordare questo drammatico momento...anche il colore è appropriato

This Photo was rated 8/ 10 By Give Me Ratingsstrong interesting image 8/10 from Give Me Ratings (Post 1 Rate 5)

This Photo was rated 6 / 10 By Give Me Ratingsciao buona notte......
certo che puoi ! e io aggiungo anche un bacione ( se posso...)

This Photo was rated 8/ 10 By Give Me RatingsMetto le mani avanti... molto ben in vista: Due torti non fanno una ragione, dice il proverbio. Le vendette di guerra, quando sono perpetrate sui civili, sono sempre il prodotto di una sete implacabile, cieca, continuamente alimentata da un odio viscerale senza limiti, che non si estingue mai e che non distingue chi quella vendetta la merita tutta da chi ne è vittima innocente. 
A premere il grilletto in quei momenti non è una mente raziocinante, ma la parte più bestiale dell'uomo che cerca di placare quella sete, in qualsiasi modo. Nel caso delle foibe, tutto questo ha avuto una ragione, che Levino ha spiegato perfettamente. La Pietà è cosa per Uomini, la Storia fa un altro mestiere. Ciao Che, buona notte!oiiiii amada! um beijão. saudaaaaade.Adoro esse final da tarde... AMEI!Biluuu
tá linda demaaaaaaaais, céu escandaloso!!
amei
beijoooooooooo
♥Lindo este cenario, preciosos tons de laranja!!!

Boa noite...Dedé.Que imagens de sonho.....!!
Adorei esse Navio.....um dia vou aí ao Brsil , num Paquete....!!!
Bjnosss  querida.Maravilhosa paisagem!!!!!!!!Lindas imagens Celinha.
Boa noiteOi querida! Tô até sem paravras diante destas lindas imagens!!! Parabéns!!!

Beijokas.Simplesmente perfeita maninha.depois eu q sou o abusado.

excelente!

[]smas tá ficando tão abusada vc bilongas rs

isso tá lindooooobom diaaaaaaaaaa minha linda!!!
boa quarta queridona
beijooooooooo
♥Lindo amiga!
Que cores!
Bela quarta-feria pra você!
Beijo!Nesta quarta deixe o sol te BEIJAR...e seja feliz!

Beijos no coração.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Quarta Sunset - Wednesday Sunset.  e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Lindas imagens!!!Feliz Quarta Sunset!
Uma quarta repleta de Paz e Luz!!!
Hoje trago a Paz! O que escrevo abaixo e um desabafo aos que não conseguem me engoli!!!!! Perdoa poluir sua pagina com estas palavras, mas e a única forma que tenho para  que os incapazes de ver um Mineiro e Brasileiro chegar ao topo!!! 




Aos Irmãos Brasileiros que me bloqueiam “Eu não tenho culpa se a minha estrela brilha” e a de quem me bloqueia e extremamente apagada! Eu nasci para brilhar e tudo que realizo tento ser o melhor possível!!!! Fiz curso para aprender a manusear minha maquina! O restante já nasci sabendo!!!!

Link da minha foto!


Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution to the group and be welcome!muito lindooooooo.



Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!

FELIZ QUARTA DE LUZ.
bjosssMagnífico registro!!!!!

Vi a sua linda foto no
grupo “Quarta Sunset&quot;.
See - &quot;Wednesday Sunset&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
Thanks for the wonderful contribution
to the group and be welcome!

UMA QUARTA SUNSET DE MUITA LUZ E PAZ PARA TODOS!!!

Nossa. InenarrávelFantástico!!!
Feliz quarta!!

Beijinhosvince is very lucky he arrived safely. the customs officer in question, clearly opened him up. had his name not been dudley with a &quot;D&quot;, vince could never had made it to san francisco. thank goodness for the identifying &quot;V&quot;.yes yes yes.  That must be it.  No identification!  Poor Jed!  alone in a strange world!Oh poor Jed, I hope he fines his way soon.  He is headed to a great home.  They are both very sweet!Vince and Jed = both &quot;hott[i]es&quot;.  Heh.  ;)Have you seen the new Kia commercial with the soft-toys? I thought about you and Hotte lol.They prolly thought he was a drug monkey muleAwwww, so sad =(
He will find his way...
Our fingers are crossed XXX
Zoë sends her love....


p.s. you make sock monkey's?OR he may have abandoned the route, out of spite, because I know monkeys prefer to travel first class, not &quot;fly&quot; xpresspost.  Silly monkey.oh no!  Jocelyn!  noooooo!  gasp. 
Karan- I have not but I shall seek them out now :)

girls, pray for Jed.

MGE- where did you think they all came from?  born of my very DNA.  :)  cept for Hotte.  he is adopted.  Hotte is German.i'm so glad t.s. monkey can't read yet - this would put him in a spin, and surely discourage him from any future box explorations. best wishes to jed from us.belly button! hahahahahahahaaaI never knew that? 
You surprise me everyday? =)
You are very talented my friend....i need to start making monkey's...teehee...xodanisoul- oh yes, it's for the best that t.s. monkey cannot read as yet!  
softestthing- Jed loves you.  he told me so.  
MGE- do eeeti had no idea you made these!  adorable!!  
i've got a pair of socks calling my name (right next to me in fact) ~ i've never made a little guy and am nervous... :)Oh no! poor Jed!! I hope he's not lost forever... he looks so sweet.Newton John says Hello Monkey Brothers.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!poor jed!
i hope the postal worker 
has given him a loving home
at least.
i lost a lovely vintage lampshade
with a map of canada on it
in the post last year.
still hurts a bitHey  Newton John !  gosh he must be nearly done primary school by now!  
bricolagelife-  some postal worker is really enjoying your lampshade in their living room.  sigh.Do you make these and sell them?
I want one!:)  I have sold monkeys in the past, but you won't like my rates.  In order to be worth my while I charge a lot.  Each monkey takes me up to 3 hours to make.  They are fun to make though!  You should try to make your own!I want to try!
Do you have a link or something to where you learned?
:DJed has made it to his new home.  Apparently, he was visiting the neighbors.He's very social... and he's finally asleep! :)This is as complicated as a Russian novel.Does Hotte feel better knowing that the monkeys are in their new home, or is he sad because they left?Hotte is 1 part sad but mostly happy to have our undivided attention.  of course.  

TedSher- oh there will be additional twists.  Jed's new mama will be auctioning him off to raise funds for a good cause.  I expect you will place a bid.  nay, I insist.  :)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!thanks!  here is the link to the auction for little Jed  chocokathalfmarathon.wordpress.com/2010/02/10/an-auction/Gosh beautiful.. Happy February to you!Oh goodness, what is that bokeh? What ? How? Beautiful photo!!!Love that pink bokeh! Beautiful!Love that bokeh.This is an absolute stunner Debbie!!! That bokeh is like sparkling pink jewels! So completely gorgeous in every way!Beautiful picture. Love the bokeh.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )happy february to you too :)
those bokeh balls are irresistible!pretty pic

This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PinkBleuRoseBlue, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a beautiful shot. I love the contrast of those gorgeous muted colours and the lovely bokeh!  %-)WOW!! This is just gorgeous!! Love the bokeh!!Stunning bokeh, looks like pink glitter.lovely dof and bokeh!chilly.......but awesome shot, Deb!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;~Seen In~
 
The Photo HutADORE this shot!  WOW!-Fdaaaaaait el moodel ! &lt;333
i *HEART* you ya SHOSH ;**enti tl3wzeen elwa7d :P mat5leeni aklJa3lne afda L model w e5t L model w kl obo hal photostream ;p&lt;3&lt;3
m3 iny msh mn fans L pink -__-&quot; lakn 7abait L 9ora *_*&lt;3
w mb '3areb 3alaich hal faaan ;):*.7AYAAAATI FAFNI *.* !!
masha'alla, she seems so PRETTY ♥ 
mwaaah ;*allah y7f'6hhhhai like it :Dallah y7f'6haN ! C E ...&lt;3so SO n!ce

wrabeeee roo3a

anshala DoOom halabda3WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/faved♥cute ::))♥ ♥ ♥Cutee Mashalla
Lovely Shot ,, xDHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Krispy Kreme doughnut *.* YummmiiExplore *&lt;3 !fav ..GREAT :Ppsee in exploredHi, I'm an admin for a group called No.Over. from QATAR, and we'd love to have this added to the group! OMG OMG el yoom knt a9wer el donut &lt;3 sklaah jnan 
bs 63m hal donut mb 7lw :P 
el pic moot :* allah y7f6' yr sis♥_♥faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaav



tslm your handBeautiful  :}Lovely;*NIIIIIIIIIIICE P!!!!!!!!!!!!!C

8lbe .. ^.^nice
yummi ; God bless L Model L Pretty =*
Fanaaana 7beebti *A ;*lovelyI saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~very nice!Raw3a &lt;3I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !yaaaay cutttte :&quot; &lt;333 ..Ohhhh my gosh.  My Danbo just got really jealous!!!!  That's so adorable.

And Elizabeth has nice handwriting.  :)Wow.  Danbo's fan club transcends flickr.  Too funny.  Nice shot Ari.  Nice hat touque Elizabeth.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awwwwwwww go danbo!Awwwww...I really like the composition. Looking at Danbo's setup and reading the letter made me smile. :)That is ADORABLE!!  lol... I can't believe people are sending Danbo gifts already!  How awesome!  And she seriously has the neatest handwriting I've ever seen!this is too cute for words :)awwwww....how sweet is that?!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Very cute hat Danbo! Now go out and enjoy the cold!that is a cute hat...!!!
:)Awww...adorable!Gotta have a touque for the Olympics, eh!I'm glad you like it Danbo - it's the least I could do to return the smiles you bring me every day. {although Cognitive.distortions Danbo is no slouch so she might have to be styled next}  It's a little big but I'm counting on your head swelling by a 1/4&quot; by the end of 365 days. : )

p.s. I'm calling rights on a etsy shop for Danbo-wear.awwwww look at the cute hat :)awwww danbo hat :)hehehehe SO CUTE!
This is too incredible :) amazing handwriting, I agree and Danbo is rockin that hat!This is too cute!

Seen on FluidrDanbo, Danbo, Danbo! Way to go!He he he, too cute!omg..such cute hat!That touque is too much - nice and w-i-d-e... I'm so happy Danbo got some love, and so did you. So sweet!I agree that she has the nicest most neat handwriting ever! nice Danbo has fans!Everyone of these makes me smile!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Too too cute! That hat is just adorable. :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Lets Begin Papercrafting Post 1 - Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant work !!Beautiful handwriting, something that's been lost these days.
What a nice present.  Danbo and you should be really happy.
Nice way to show it off, ganza.That is SO stinking cute. I'm gonna start on her scarf today (I forgot in all the craziness), but I'm warning you, it won't be nearly that cute. I'm not that awesome. Elizabeth is my knitting hero. SuperKnit saves the day!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Ahh that is adorable!I want the hat! xDthat little hat is CUTE!with a hat like that (AAAAANNND lollipops too!!!!!)  who needs a Valentine!!!!!!!Bonita colección; el Spartan de Halo Wars se ve mejor que el Jefe de Halo 2buena colección e increibles figuras.Que envidia....First Impression :
★★★
Environment Setup :
★★★
Creativity :
★★
Photography :
★★★
Photo Editing :
★★★

So I guess we don't need to ask who your favorite character is eh? =)
Not much going on except for a redundancy effect which falls short in creativity for me.  But it's  a great product shot.

Overall (fav.+1) : ★★★
(from the Score My Action Figure Shot group)First Impression :
★★★★
Environment Setup :
★★
Creativity :
★★
Photography :
★★★
Photo Editing :
★★★

Overall (fav.+1) : ★★★
(from the Score My Action Figure Shot group)Hola José muy buena foto !
Creo que olvidaste calificar =)LOL Thats awesome!1. Master Chief Collection, 2. MONUMENTO A JOHN SPARTAN, SPARTAN 117Muchas gracias Comandanteelite, pues la verdad me da gusto que te guste esta colección y en especial la figura Custom de Halo Wars, amí también me parece que esta mejor que la de Halo 2 de Joyride jejejeje   Estoy trabajando en una figura Custom de un Flood y de un Elite, en cuanto las termine subiré algunas fotos de ellas..
Saludos.Muchas gracias por el comentario, aprovecho para decirte que soy fan de tus figuras y que me gusta mucho el trabajo que haces con ellas.
Un saludo desde México y estamos en contacto.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!First Impression :
★★★★
Environment Setup :
★★★
Creativity :
★★★★
Photography :
★★★★
Photo Editing :
★★★

Overall (fav.+1) : ★★★★First Impression :
★★★
Environment Setup :
★★★★
Creativity :
★★★
Photography :
★★★★
Photo Editing :
★★★★

Overall (fav.+1) : ★★★1/2
(from the Score My Action Figure Shot group)chaan !Beautiful!Nice composition.. a little more contrast will give depth to the photo. also, I can see a lot of lost details in the dark areas, when I opened u r image in PS.hmm ..thanks ..Nice compo. I agree with the points made by ThinRhinoNice composition.good one..somehow i like it as it is.. !beautifulStunning/fantastic shot . nice composition.Looks like a nice painting.this is an amazng compo!!!!!!!!
jabraatI like this one !Nice one!sundarI like the composition.great shot!!!I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~what a perfect way to close a fantastic day, with a wonderful sunset!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Mastach aala aahey...Absolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardcool series. What camera you using for these diptychs can I ask?Oh I love this.Hi Dave, thanks for your comment. I use a canon eos film camera. Nothing crazy mental!this is amazing!Oscar looks so happy. Love this. Makes me feel free!nice work / joli travailI really like to combinations of these two shots.  Tells a nice story.Beautiful diptych, I love the tones and his expression :)So perfect.Fai bene!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!molto bella!!questo balcone è eccezionale ;))E ne vale la pena!!! Che colori gradevolissimi! Buona giornata!Glorious sky - what a beautiful place! :)
Breath taking image!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato A Cloudy Day. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Cielo da favola, e poi il mare e poi anche i gabbiani in volo......
Troppo bella !! 
(Ma dov'è questo balcone ?)lovely golden tones and great view!Beautiful sky! What a view!Demasiado hermoso su cielo,muy bello el lugar..  :)

Saludos.Un abrazo grandeStupende le sfumature regalate dalle nuvole!ahahah! potrei inziare a prendere sul serio la proposta di scambio dei balconi :DWonderful view super clouds,coloursStunning shot. Gorgeous sky.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Hermosa imagen  Fantástico cielo.molto bella,complimenti.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


Wow, This is


Please add your photo to So Beautiful (Invite only)nice shot.The sky looks awesome !!Preciosa captura, saludos.Beautiful :o)Awesome sunset you present for us, fantastic hues and colors!



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic Capture, my friend!!!You are invited to add this image to!!!:
!!!Esta foto es invitada al grupo!!!;


**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPERMuy lindas y relajantes nubes los colores me encanan.
Buenas tardes Nora, saludos.beh per qulache l'ora l'affitterei volentieri !! bellissime quelle nuvole ! CiaoUn balcone sul mondo! Bellissima!A PERFECT DREAM!!!

Have a marvelous time ahead, My Dear Friend.

...Beata te Nora, hai una bella vista!!So wonderFulcon una vista del genere mi sembra di vederti seduta dietro la tua finestra, con un libro aperto mentre guardi questi bellissimi disegni, fantasticoBellissima luce colta
Un saluto, Anna LisaBeautiful sky capture !!!!Due cieli in uno.
Stupenda quella pennellata di luce al centro!Sta diventando, giustamente, uno dei balconi più famosi di Flickr !...
Ogni giorno uno spettacolo diverso.
Qui, poi, c'è una luce stupenda ! (lo affitti al giorno o all'ora?)
Buona serata, Nora !Very BeautifulAquest cel és espectacular,moltes felicitats


Eh si! Fratelli di balcone :) Ma questo è un balcone magnifico! Bellissima! Ciao!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Love the rich colors and POV, nice work my friend.Stunning colors Nora !!! THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.
Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerPlease post this beautiful picture to

The passion of the heart!!!
Post (1 award2)
(Remember 2 Comments)Superbe photo...Excellent picture. Love the tones.sensational view and shotCielo e nuvole molto belle tutto l'insieme forma una stupenda presa, mi piace Nora auguri ed un abbraccioA fabulous Sky and what beautiful lighting, you can't beat mother natureBeautiful shot, the sky's amazing, well captured.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato 2010.anything of good taste. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Really great capture.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ✿*DIAMOND NATURE &amp; STYLE*✿ (P1. G4)(INVITED PHOTO'S ONLY). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

*Congratulations*!! 
*You photo recieved 5+ Comment:

 &quot;FIVE AWARDS&quot;
**Universe of Nature**                                                                                         
Thank you very much for your beautiful photosQue maravilla de cielo....que hermosuraYou deserve Award:
Su foto recibe este Premio:

*DIAMOND NATURE &amp; STYLE*
POST 1 AWARD 4: 
f you receive 5 + Award from the Group members:  Post your Photo Here
f you receive10+ Award from the Group members:  Post your Photo HereWOW - you are &quot;cRAzY aBoUT naTuRE&quot;. 
Congratulations - Great Photo! Seen in:

Collect 5 awards and receive special award,
and an invitation to our &quot;Awards&quot; group.
Post photos with 5 or more awards here.WOW - you are &quot;cRAzY aBoUT naTuRE&quot;. 
Congratulations - Great Photo! Seen in:

Collect 5 awards and receive special award,
and an invitation to our &quot;Awards&quot; group.
Post photos with 5 or more awards here.Dreamlike ... simply beautiful !!!!!!!! Excellent shot !!!!!GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to 
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardme encantan sus ojos!!!! mira flickr no me esta dejando mandar mensajes xDThe shadow in this -- on the clouds, on the ground -- and the silhouette of the trees is so dramatic. Nicely done.the clouds &amp; light are amazing!wow !! 
Such a great fantastic shot :D 
love the light and the clouds r perfect :) loved it :)Martin has his boring bridge you have tour trees! Great shot!And Monet had a couple of haystacks. This is striking, and makes me feel as though I've never really seen a tree before!pj...i think i should name the set &quot;the boring trees&quot;.Beautiful, Saz.  Trees are not boring.This is stunning!
I think you should name the set 'the drama of trees'!I also love the shadow.Mmm, mmm, mmm!so eye catching!!Another super shot!beautiful light!beautifuloh Sazzy, this is just so beautiful.As I sit in a Blizzard......
Nice shot!beautiful tree silhouette - the color of the grasses right now is astonishingly, unbelievably green !It´s soo beautiful.It's such a beautiful picture of the sky, old oak trees and green hills.  It makes a person want to jump into the picture and take a long walk.Wow, sazzy, that's gorgeous! I love those lacy oaks, the flare, the subtle shadows, and the placement of the gentle (appearing) slopes. I feel like I'm just breathing lungfuls of fresh air on that hilltop.That just takes the breath away.  Gorgeous!So pretty! I wish I was there :-)^_^   .. nice and sexy!this is awesome rebecca.....

your creativity is inspiring....lovin ya sense of humor!nice!nice cloning

(seen in clones pool)haha this is great ;)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called NO color, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fantastic workHaha! Poor screeching flute players! I'm sure they meant well! Super fun photo!This is great!  nice clone shot!1. 

2. 

3. simple, different.
i likey. :)this is beautiful Jessie. 
i saw your post on tumblr and had to come and comment. 
this photo does hold meaning and can simply tell a story. 
needless to say, i do love this photo.i agree.
very simple.
but lovely.your hair is so beautiful, jessie. i never noticed it until now
this is beautifulthank you everyone so much :)love this shot its brilliantwowowo gorgeous. 
i love your poses. they're always so simple but have so much feeling.I really like how these are anonymous, in that you cannot see your face. I think it adds something really special to them.that is a cool thing to collect.i logged on to flickr to comment on this
i really like this one, the tones are perfect and it tells a story
i just wish you were more off centerour family does too.
this is wonderful.wow! really beautiful! love the colors (:i just saw this
and i love it
you're like a little girl, full of wonder
the reflection on the left is my gavorite patswow. I love the reflection and the color from your shirt and the shells.these are reallly really lovely :)What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.the reflection of you in the glass is wonderful
the tones - especially the turquoise in the cabinet - are beautifulgreat effect!  nicely executed!  looks like it should be in a Burton movie!
--
Seen in Tilt-shift Miniature Fakes (?)where in galway is this?This amazing Mark, really atmospheric.

Like Sinong says, looks just like the set of a Tim Burton stop motion.You're a spooky little man, you do know that? 

Love this though. 

Seek &amp; distroy this is just beside the Quincentennial Bridge (the 'New' bridge) beside the Dyke road.Thanks all. :)brilliantly donegreat effect!

PLEASE, POST YOUR BRILLIANT PHOTO IN:

 ₪₪ HISTORY &amp; MYSTERY ₪₪ SOCIETY ₪₪ 
(Post 1 - Award 2 pics on the first 2 pages)Nice, I like the combination of effects.go under that  bridge theres sum graff1st.................

fabulous one apu vaivoyonkor joshki dekhailen bhaiya...!

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

besi jossthis 1 is best among many upload of this fireworkBhai, ekkebare মার দিয়া কিল্লা 

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

Safa kir kira hoise bhai!


This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

A real stunner...really nice :)very very nice... extraordinary.....




Seen on Bangladeshi Photographers Pool.Khubbbb shundor.....................awesome capture....chokh jurai gelo.........vai  marattok  hoise .... jossssss....WAH WAH...
joss
the best one

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)oooohhhh...!!!! a ki dekhlam.....!!!

~ ********************** ~
This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 



~ ********************** ~nice! =D I saw fireworks for the first time last year in the summer, here in Montreal. It's a wonderful experience - the sight and the sounds altogether =)chomotkar hoise vaiyaBeautiful colours!! Stunning!!khub sundor hoiseNice Colors and exposure...
Good moment.....

U've got it 1/6 sec?
And in AV mode....(Wasn't it risky?  as the lights were changing frequently.. )

I used  Bulb  and  got  them in 1~3  secs...[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mahbubundp/] i used tripod at first but couldn't track the subject, thn decided to go on handheld... it was risky but, at the finishing moment those flares were too fast to make motion blur at ~20 shutter speed, so i took the risk and change the setting from Manual to Av with continuous burst... i found some better shots after the change... was lucky enough.. may be... but realized that shooting fireworks is a damn tough job :(Nice description... I solved this problem (Subject tracing) by my Ball headed Monopod(?)....

Really Its a challenge and I think u enjoyed  it  like me.......Oshadharon!Beautiful shot, great color and lighting, you make this subject really stand out and make me want to visit Santa Barbara once more.These shots are somewhat refreshing to see, what with our snowy winter.Wonderful piece of art!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Awards - Colour (P1/A1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!great light!One heck of a shot, James - perfect lighting and exposure.  Great comp as well.Nice colors!beautiful colors!great image james!Beautiful imageVery nice - welcome to Santa Barbara! We have a very photogenic little city here - I can see you are making to most of it..Great shot James!Very cool!  Works great in the pre-dawn light!beautiful! Would love to be there now!Cool shot James.  I like the colors that appear on the fountain.Such lovely soft light James.  Excellent composition.Great lightingpre-dawn, James do you ever sleep? great colors here, way to get up!Lovely scene  James!

Well well done.
GRTZ,BENLovely colors and exposure!Pre-dawn??  Don't you know the Santa Barbara code... don't get up until 9Really gorgeous!Great looking shot..Sweet tones...nice shot!you're in santa barbara?! i'm living here! let's meet up man!
856-313-3722excellent.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Absolutely awesome! Great work!Sensational work, love the look of the water in the fountain


Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3


Please share this wonderful picture with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)
Fantastic dawn shot. Superb composition.
--


Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
Please add this picture to the group 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Excellent composition jamesSo beautiful, James! Amazing as always.  You do get around!beautiful blue hour shotnice light, and the fountain creates an interesting effect!wonderfull sunset. I like the lights!James, this fountain is really something during the twilight hours.  Fantastic capture!

SSgreat subject, exposure and colors!Wow, this is great. Nice work
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I'm in total AWE of your work. Your stream is captivating...I've enjoyed visiting!Exposure is beautiful and I love the warm colors.Beautiful fountain and colors.Nice framing!  Great colors!Beauty !Beautiful, well done - vibrant energy in those colours, I like thatFantastic and warm tone my friend, great workSuperb coloursGreat shot =) I like the colors and atmosphere !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )This is so beautiful...I have been missing my home in Santa Barbara,
what a treat to see your photos  :)
Congrats on explore !Superb colours and water movementGreat treatment of this subject.   Just perfect... almost a psychedlic California scene.  (Those mornings CAN be out of this world.)     Love the composition, too.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!A stunning capture of the Dolphin fountain.beautiful rich colors and great water.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great symmetry here. The dolphins look great.awww, this is awesome...Lovely aerial shot ! beautiful view ! great details !this looks like a lovely place to visit and photograph. very well capturedGreat use of lines to aid in the composition.  

Nice capture.Beautiful scene ! Lovely capture Maah ! !MagnificaWonderful!Que lugar lindo! :D
Tenho tanta vontade em conhecer.

Adorei a frase e o caminho feito de pedras.Awesome shot !Adoro jardins botânicos! :DLovelylindos patinhosja pensou pescar ai Maira???? com certeza vc viu os peixes q tem neste lago... claro q estou brincando, deixa os peixes ai... quietinhos...

este lugar é um dos meus preferidos
Thank you !!!ótima foto, e realmente a vida é igual ao rio, passa e não volta mais, tem dias de calmarias e outros de tempestade, e vários afluentes, vc tem que ecolher o que vai seguir...
boa semana pra vc beijos, sonia.Beautiful framing Angela....!Nossa, que linda essa foto, a descrição ficou muito legal, combinou com a imagem!Wonderful shot!nice shot.perfeito...adoro patos ;D HSAIUHAIUHEUSHEs linda foto :)perfect my friendouwwn *-*
ainda quero conhecer esse lugar!cool shot maah!Que mimo, lugar legal ein.gostei ;Dlindo .Preciosa!!!, magnifico punto de vista!!!.SaludniceBonita toma
excelente
saludosOi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Animals! - Post 2 &amp; Award 3 e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Nature Green Star - Post 1 &amp; Award 3 e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Nature's Ribbon - Post 2 &amp; Award 3 e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Que lugar lindo. Adoro o jardim botânico, muito bonito lá!Fabulous composition and coloursbeautiful view~~~~`Bellissima foto! ***awesomeexcellent compo, lovely view and capture, well done Mááh :)Oi minha querida
Gosto muito do Jardim Botânico, RJ (moro no Rio). Foi lá que fiz meu curso de fotografia. Continuo indo sempre lá para fotografar.
Estas fotos que tenho postado esta semana foram feitas todas lá.
Estou vendo que o JB aí de Curitiba também é muito bonito e sua foto está linda
Beijosgreat viewpointThese are the shots where their vision involves you, like the sight, the perfect complimentGreat shot and perspective. Have a good day and keep smiling.Lovely image !!!Beautiful composition!very nice captureI like this high view !!Cool !!! Beautiful view. I like ducks :-)Wonderful Image really Fantastic Image !O IMPORTANTE É SABERMOS COMO ELA PASSA!!!

Tenha uma Quarta Iluminada, Minha Amiga.

...patinhos *-*adoreiQue amor!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)MyHotComments Bonita composición. Saludoswonderful capture! excellent pov and great details!lindíssima Mááh

adoreifoto lindaaLinda composição !LindaaBela foto ^^
Nice Shot! Please consider adding this nice shot to:
Nice Shot!

red.trailr.info/red2.php?tlrv=10018005&amp;tlrurl=http://... ( ?² )Beautiful tranquility!good shot.amazing angle and beautiful capturebeautiful shot

I am admin of this group called Concordians. We would love it for you to share your pictorial moments with us.


Concordians
please tag you picture &quot;concordians&quot;sua galeria é MT boa ! gostei mesmo . vou te add ta ?beautiful compositionamazingly clear and serene.. lovely coloursTudo passa...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Sensancional
bjswow :)Belissima!superlindo... quero visitar o jardim botanico de recife...quando desembarcarei da &quot;orient queen&quot;Bonitos colores. Ese verde me encanta.escolher eu nao consigo , eu gosto das 3 , melhor eu gosto das cores :D  sim a segunda o azul fico maravilhoso . E sua foto tambem ta muito linda (y) bjsescolher eu nao consigo , eu gosto das 3 , melhor eu gosto das cores :D sim a segunda o azul fico maravilhoso . E sua foto tambem ta muito linda (y) bjsLindo!Voce foi taggeado(a) veja!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ericapessoal/4346076229/]Obrigado!
Que foto linda :Dmy friends, thank you. amazingly clear and serene.. lovely coloursCâmera nova? :)Só pela foto, o lugar deve ser maravilhoso!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Oi Lindinha.

Excelente......
Linda em todos os detalhes !!!!!
Obrigada pela partilha ...............
Paz e amor sempre na tua vida !!!!!
Beijos.siga em frente sempre!!!!!Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group 
Nature Green StarSem saber o caminho a seguir às vezes é bom também. Aprecem surpresas.
Pior é quem quer seguir um caminho e não pode.
:)É que segundo o EXIF você tirou essa com uma W-110...aí pensei que era brinquedo novo...
Eu também tenho uma W-125, mas para ser sincero acho que a S-40 tira umas fotos melhores...pena que a minha estragou..rs|wow|
i love those bright indigo blue shades 
in all kind of shapes 

the admirable beauty of the anemone
love the focus too

have a nice day with lucy :-)
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful focus and colour.

 Vana Grammofon Award.

Vana Grammofon! superb macro photographWhat a lovely macro.  Sweet dof.  Happy Birthday, Lucy!Perfect details and colors.  Lovely.  :)wonderful *Happy birthday LucyWow!! I like this. Wonderful colour and subtle depth-of-field. How's the weather Nicky?
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Magnificent..and 'Happy Birthday Lucy!' I saw something yellow in the sky ...I think it is called &quot;the sun&quot;!wonderful softness!
happy birthday, Lucy! it is serious age;-)!thanks to all for well wishes for Lucy's birthday !

agghhhh Katia ... you make me feel ancient ! lol !love the comp and dof - best to Lucy!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautifully composed - Lovely colours and selective focus !

Thank you for posting this to

'Please Read and Respond' an important group changes discussion thread.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Inspiring Gallery ~ Weekly Spotlights&quot; (?)Lovely colours.  Very striking on the black.One of my most favorite flowers, and this is so  beautiful!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Splendid colors!love your blues...Yay to macro dreams!

 Vana Grammofon Award.

Vana Grammofon! bonita tomaHi, I'm an admin for a group called Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 Vana Grammofon Award.

Vana Grammofon! I LOVE those colorsawesome ... that glowing background is so beautiful!
very nice lights and dof .. so nice!

and happy birthday to Lucy! :)A beauty!

 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) i LOVE this..spectacular
 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) this is so beautiful. great colors. :)Beautiful - I love the colour and detail.   Oh to be 18 again...:-)freaking awesomeGorgeous colours and lovely soft focus! Happy Birthday to Lucy :)Beautiful colours, works especially well on black!! The composition isn't arf bad either!

And happy birthday to Lucy! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)lovely soft, etheral feel to this - suffused by natural light - like it very much! :)belated Happy Brithday to Lucy, too :)beautiful blues!
belated wishes for Lucy too! :-))Yummy yummy my tummy goes looking at this imageLovely colours

I hope Lucy had a great day :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Absolutely beautiful !!So very pretty.  The dof and detail are both stunning.Oooo nice colour, textures and shapes :-)great image.
very well done, everything.
fantastic picture.I thought skateboarders used grocery carts, not snowboarders! This is an awesome shot breaking away from the common snowboarding shots seen today! I've never seen anything like this before!bravo!glad you like -bellissimo scatto !B.I.G.~!!!!!
great comp, great contrast...
yes yes yes!!!the center line is too close to the center to not be centered . . .  maybe crop it a touch to make the center centered????

deletemeI agree with the above comment but i still like the strong contrast

-Voted &quot;saveme&quot; (by the Delete me! Group)Among other things, the blown highlights destroy this. Did someone say Scat?

dm2This is just not good. 

deleteme3scatto stupendo. ChapeauLike the top half, not so much the bottom half.


-Voted deleteme4 (from the DeleteMe! group)Would be GREAT if it was just centered!
Deleteme5[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ratmusque/] merci bien!Portrait might have saved some of criticism, we would've seen the magnificent structure and more than just floating heads.Couldn't find mine.

-Voted as &quot;saveme2&quot; (from DeleteMe! group)Not so much a fan of the people.
deleteme7nasty blowout.

Deleteme8ahahahahah bel titolo ...e quanta verità! ;-) salut Ucan't get over the nasty black line through the middle of it

deleteme9idem

-Voted &quot;deleteme10&quot; (by the Delete me! Group)Awesome Shot!

Seen in The Wonderful World of &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
One of Flickr's Finest Groups

&quot;1001 Nights&quot; (Post 1 - Award 5)
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
If you receive 9 + Awardslt;/b&gt;&amp;lt Post your Photo Here
You Need Max. 2 Extra Awards to Reach the Magic 9?Post your Photo HereC'est ce qu'on appelle se décarcasser pour une photo !

C'est trop fort,
Ne me prends pas pour une courge,
ou sont les têtes !

C'est de la &quot;Franco/Folies!&quot;Awesome Shot!

Seen in The Wonderful World of &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
One of Flickr's Finest Groups


&quot;1001 Nights&quot; (Post 1 - Award 5)
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
If you receive 9 + Awards&amp;lt Post your Photo Here
You Need Max. 2 Extra Awards to Reach the Magic 9?Post your Photo Herevery well composed, great job!Les dépeceurs masqués !!! Ca me rappelle quelque chose ces 3 malfaiteurs !!!De très belles photos, mais ce sont certaines carcasses dégoûtant ...

Et merci mon ami pour vos commentaires merveilleux, je n'ai pas été sur flickr beaucoup.Tremenda...Merci pour ce joli cliché !

Vu sur: &quot;Photo &amp; Partage&quot;Salut Olivier,
ah, ça y est, ils t'ont retiré les amygdales ...
Il a fait du bon boulôt ton véto
Ericun Boucher. !..c'est de lard ?
insolite et belle capture
bravo Olivier, de mieux en mieux !!!

Merci pour ce joli cliché !

Vu sur: &quot;Photo &amp; Partage&quot;c'est vrai que c'est bizarre, mais où tu traines pour ramener des photos comme ça??
Bizarre, Olivier, oui bizarre tu es vraiment bizarre Olivier :):)
ciao 
ninarue des Boucheries peut-être ?

sang pour sang artistique !
bien vu Oliveah, enfin une photographie qui me troue l'esprit, bien Olive, je savais qu'en faisant ta connaissance j'aurai des bons moments en ta compagnie, et je me suis pas trompé, t'es un des rares gars sur flickr à etre sincère dans ce que tu fais et ce que tu dis, d'ailleurs çà tombe bien, avec le groupe qu'on mene je pense qu'on a 98, 54678321000% des sincères avec nous....

coup de blues non mais flickr ca commence a me sortir par les pores.....j'ai l'impression d'etrre le plus grand photographe du monde avec tous ses eloges, ahahahaha, alors que je suis juste qu'un clic sur un obturateur..... à vomir....m'enfin faut bien manger ...

bien à toi et continu à me faire marrer...:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Un effet boeuf !De l'art ou du cochon ? :-)))Photo vue et appréciée dans le groupe La longue vue d'Alsace!


La longue vue d'Alsace: la passion de l'imageNot something you see every day...nice catch

Wonderful Scenery... Great Capture!



Your Photo Deserves My Admin's Award!

Seen in The Wonderful World of &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
One of Flickr's Finest Groups.


&quot;1001 Nights&quot; (Post 1 - Award 5)
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
If you receive 9 + Awards  Post your Photo Here
You Need Max. 2 Extra Awards to Reach the Magic 9?  Post your Photo Here

Wonderful Scenery... Great Capture!



Your Photo Deserves My Admin's Extra Award!

Seen in The Wonderful World of &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
One of Flickr's Finest Groups.


&quot;1001 Nights&quot; (Post 1 - Award 5)
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
If you receive 9 + Awards  Post your Photo Here
You Need Max. 2 Extra Awards to Reach the Magic 9?  Post your Photo Here

Wonderful Scenery... Great Capture!




Your Photo Deserves My Admin's Bonus Award!

Seen in The Wonderful World of &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
One of Flickr's Finest Groups.


&quot;1001 Nights&quot; (Post 1 - Award 5)
Please Tag your photo with &quot;1001 Nights&quot;
If you receive 9 + Awards  Post your Photo Here
You Need Max. 2 Extra Awards to Reach the Magic 9?  Post your Photo HereMais où donc vas tu te promener pour prendre de telles photos ;-) 

Photo vue et appréciée dans le groupe La longue vue d'Alsace!


La longue vue d'Alsace: la passion de l'imageles restes de révolution ?
on ne fait pas de quartier à Besançon, 
une scène de rue bien insolitec'est comme kirikou est tres bizarrec'est gore quand même mais ça fait une bien belle photoDefinitely strange!Bizarre, sans doute.strange,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Fantastic, Olivier !!!Amazing work!!!Bizarre indeed! Nice one.Très bizarre!amazing!Drôle d'idée ce truc !Pour moi c'est comme une réminiscence des tableaux de Francis Bacon.  Des carcasses étalées.  Suis pas végétarienne mais ça me dérange.  La photo est néanmoins superbe !!jours des longs couteaux pour lard de la rue qui  en écorche plus d'un au passage ....
jolie capture, quel oeil !!!
bravo Olivier

Maman, j'ai peur !

&quot;Ca va pas, tu nous fous la trouille !&quot;
Vu sur: &quot; Franco / Folies&quot;Si es arte?? no se,,, a veces nos volvemos locos¡lol
this is cool
great shot!etrange effectivement !!De l'art contemporain !!! T'es prêt pour  la FIAC Olive !Wow. Incredible contrast. Great capturetiens, finalement,
je vais me faire une côte de boeuf ce week end...
avec un côte du Rhone....Bon appétit !! ^^Bizarre indeed! Nice catch!pour moi ce sera une entrecôte-frites !!!!!!!!!!! saignante l'entrecôte !!!!!!! bisous nathet avec une pointe de sauce samourai please !!!!!!!!!!!Tu crois que naponounous aime ça ???great shotAmazing shot, they look.je suis d'accord avec michaël!
...mais je ne suis pas sûr que ce soit des &quot;carcasses de pores! ;)

sinon, oui, cette photo est saisissante, elle ne fait pas de &quot;quartiers&quot;, quoiqu'étant &quot;la plus belle de tout le quartier&quot;! ah que ouii!smile kinglong! hehehe.umaga ah sa the sisters may fog pa ano number nun partas sa kananastig talaga ito mb hehehe.bat may partas sa kabila? dyan na rin ba sa the sisters?burgoo:
oo humihinto sila diyan bro pero pa minsan minsan lang, i guess when only needed, lalo na pag may nagrequest na pasaherong gustong bumili diyan.hahahahah ANOTHER BUS ....this is really bad lol  really badsigh...i really wish flickr would fix the explore software so that we dont have to be subjected to this nonsense when we go to find &quot;interesting&quot; photos lol...because this snapshot is many things, but interesting is not one of themimpressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!@tigereon:
A snapshot that beats your photos.

Another KSP nanaman!@leszee

di ba may marsha din sa terminal nila sa VIGAN? kala ko kasi puro RCJ, MDL at farinas lan yung tumitigil dyan eh, tnx 4 the info sir!burgoo:
no worries bro.

oo merong mini-shop ng marsha's sa partas vigan terminal.fantastic reproduction of a classic image......have you seen the movieThank you.
I have not seen The Girl With the Pearl Earring; and although this photo does look somewhat like the painting for which the book the movie was based on was inspired by (fictionally), it is not intended to be a copycat of Vermeer's most well known work, Girl with a Pearl Earring (which has found it's way into pop culture subconcious due in part to the movie, I'm sure), but rather a stylized representation of Vermeer's portrait work, and style on the whole.

I do very much appreciate the compliment as it means I have at least done a fair enough representation of the style to draw the comparision, but thought I should point out my intent least anyone think I am not sighting my inspirations correctly.

Thank you again picaday!

Other representations of Vermeer's style:
Study of a Young Woman
Girl With Red Hat
Girl With a FluteThis is awesome!!!!   Well done!Permission to print for this weeks art history homework? I love this so much!! thanks!
 permission granted. Thanks lady!fantastic post processing!Great job!  It's an excellent recreation of the original painting... 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is so good, excellent work Susan. :)thank you so much! my prof will love this!!That's beautiful!You've created the painted look very well - I think he would approve of the style. :-)this is just sensational!That is so beautiful! I have spotted some buds here too. I say spotted but when I got a cold I went looking for them to check if what I had was the terrible hayfever come early and unfortunately it seems that is the way :( I love spring but I hate pollen...Oh wow this is gorgeous!  I adore cherry blossoms too and can't wait for all your pictures of them.Beautiful and looks like spring is on it's way.  Do you have any snow for the winter olympics though?beautifulThat is beautiful, love the background.cherryblossom is stunning. can't wait. this is still pretty. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)So pretty!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot;. (?)this is beautifulooh, beautifuloooh spring is on its way!c'est tu ton ourson de quand tu était jeune ? edit : ... lol trop vite pas attendu la description

beau setup de lumière et le bokeh aussi vraiment nice :PWow dude this is very beautiful!! I love the clarity, lighting and detail!! Great placement of the text!Who would have thought a teddy bear could look so beautiful!  The tones, bokeh and composition are fabulous.  I adore the text and the emotions attached to this little guy, really shine through.  Very well done!!

Sucks on the braces, my daughter just got hers off after 2 years!!!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Hehehe, isn't it cute besides all those years?! Yep, hollows of childhood. Everyone has them somewhere.Très mignon, le nounours blanc :) Il ramène plein de souvenirs avec lui...
Jolie photo aussi. Beau portrait d'un doux ami d'enfance !such lovely dude :)
fantastic bokeh n mood
happy wednesday :)Beautiful story and beautiful light!Nice lighting and bokeh... ;-)
work class!Belle photo!! J'aime bien le ton de bleu sur le côté; très belle lumière! Avoir su que t'avais ce sujet là, on l'aurait amené dans le parc...;-)Awesome shot.  Thanks for sharing some of your facts...I find very instructive, especially for someone like me that doesn't have any knowledge on flashes and PS.  Love it!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awwww this is soooo cute!
i love the lighting and the wordplay...:)Nice work man! 
My hot-shoe broke last week...it suuuucks.Lovely shot and DoF.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)perfect!Ooh, I love how you used this backdrop!  Gorgeous!Another awesome prop and a gorgeous shot :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!I LOVE this! So serene...Lovely!The whole setup is so beautiful!  Very creative!Beautiful shot!  Congrats on Explore!LOVE!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I really love the softness to this. So calming to the eye. I love it!cute !!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.um your stream is amazinglovely tones and ringsbeautiful work!her eyes`re magic!
Is the shot was taken on film?Love those rings!  The soft tones are gorgeous!  Wonderful sp.love your eyes and the rings!!! amazing colorsstunning ! :)
love the rings !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!gorgerous:)awesomeness.Very nice!!!wow... excellent!!Amei amei amei!!!Absolutely gorgeous!!!WowOh wow!!! Amazing pattern and wonderful colour choices :)lindo***Super colours, super texture ... love it!Maravilhosoooo.Very nice!!love this one! great colours and great design! :)Lovely :)This looks gorgeous as everything you make!You are just so stinkin' clever.  That's gorgeous.  Taught a Granny class last night.  Set up links ahead of time and all they could talk about was how much they loved you're work.  I can't agree with them enough.oh what an absolute darling little pup Cody was :-) Love this shot, beautiful blue sky backdrop!What a cutie! I love the bright blue sky!is this Cody??? oh wow, unbelievable! so cuuuuuuuute! xDOMG! So cute, So like Spike as a pup!He was an absolutely adorable pup - and has grown into a very handsome young dog!!Awww! They sure do grow up so fast. Banjo is 6.5 months now and I hardly remember him being so small.He has grown and to think he isn't done yet.. they are so cute and hugable when they are pups.  Then they get a mind of their own and only want hugs when they want them.omg. so maybe that's what Carmen looked like. too cute.Menudo espejoDoble cielo y una sola alma. Muy buena composición ;)Nataliuca sabrás que es una cojofoto verdad? La virgen, por no decir la madre de dios, que buena.Fantastica!!
me encantaFantastic shot !!!Menudo reflejos, me gusta, saludosAmigo,vaya foto!!!Composicion y reflejos geniales.Y que cielo.Saludosmagnífico reflejo
enhorabuena.Menudo momentazo pillaste... Los reflejos son una pasada.
Besitos.preciosa..maravilloso reflejo..bonita foto , la playa de comillas, el puerto a la derecha, la marea baja, toda una preciosidadguauuu que reflejo!!!¿Cuál es el cielo y cuál es la arena? Jeje, te ha quedado muy bonita!Muy buen trabajo,es preciosa.
Un abrazoSí..............te quedó bien lograda......de todos modos el sitio ayuda..je,je.Por reflejos que no quede... has cogido todos....El farolillo hay plantao entre tanta curva queda muy bien ..jeje.genial, me gusta un montónKaixo Natalia:  Como dicen los jóvenes .....  La has &quot;clavao&quot;. Preciosa fotografia con unos reflejos de escandalo. Con tu permiso me la quedo en mis favoritos.  Besarkada handi bat  &quot;aitite&quot;  AletxuLindos reflejos!!!
saludosUn espejo del 10. Enhorabuena!!!
Saludos.Increiblemente hermosa!!!!Muy bonito el reflejo.Completamente un espejo niña.....muy guapa.Bellísimos reflejos. 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Which will look like this: 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Beau piqué, Beau travail bravo.
Good Work

Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group I like the reflections in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE fantastic!

--


Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 


--
Seen in the group&quot;*Peace Awards*P.1 / Give 5 Peace awards or TOTAL BAN&quot; (?)
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Muy agradable, una sensación de paz increíble, buena toma
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;--

Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
--
Seen in the group&quot;Universe of Nature (P.1 / 5 GIVE)[NO People]SWEEPER ACTIVE!&quot; ( ?² )
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Thank you for sharing your wonderful (flora and fauna) photo with us !
 
(Flora and Fauna) of the World
We hope you have joined us and
we hope to see many more!!!Magnifico colore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Entre todas as fotos, escolhi esta 
Among all the photos, I chose this 

A UNIVERSE OF FLOWERS/ Post 1 Comments 2 
 []--[] FIRST LEVEL []--[]
 If you Receive 4 Awards  Post Here
If you Receive 5 or more Awards  Post POINTpapatyaları çok severim 
çok güzeller =)Harika olmuş ...
Renklerin canlılığı ve güzelliği muhteşem ...
Tebrikler ...Aa çok tatlı! :) Ben çok sevdim. Tebrikler. Harika olmuş.harika görünüyor papatyalar,
eline sağlık,çok güzeller...Yoktur galiba :) Ellerinize sağlık...Papatya sevilmez olurmu :) Sizde güzel çekmişiniz.teşekkür ederim arkadaşlar:)Papatyalar genel olarak güzel görüntülü çiçeklerdir, sizin çektiklerinizin güzellikleri ise bir başka...

Fakat kokularına oldum olası alışamadım.Ellerinize sağlık.teşekkür ederim efendim:)ne guzeller..impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Çok güzel =)ledeyna,hicran:teşekkür ederim:)Great shot!
Ciao.1st`
My Hind
My Brokeno {Klh klh Alfiirst} ;O(L)2nd`
All my Fweendat al3zeezat ;$&lt;3Nice F !A3shg enta :P(L)(L)a7bchhhhhhhh fjoorty 
miss u 
sure fav l3nonch al7leeen 
[kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk] F &lt;33 NICe !Merci ;**Greaat one فجييرa7biich FAJER ♥a555 3la Myfajer ♥♥
a7b you my fajeeeeer awyd shy fe il 3alm♥♥
MYFAJER;lo yro7 il kon bs yb8a m3aya♥;$:O
a7bich w a7bich w a7bich w a7bich w a7bich llllllllll2bd♥

كنت اقول ان الهوى عني بعيد ...
لين شفتك وابتدا ليل السعد ...
صرت اشوف ان الهوى عمرٍ جديد ...
تجتمع فيه القلوب بلا وعد ...
يا الجمال النادر الحر الفريد ...
يحرسك ربي من أسباب الحسد ...
يا الغرام اللي جرى وسط الوريد ...
يا شبيه الروح يا روح الجسد ...
وأنت صرت بخافقي حب وحيد ...
حب لا قبله ولا بعده أحد ...
♥
a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh FAJOOOOOOOOOOORYYYY
ll22222bd♥♥♥♥
a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich w a3sh8eeeeech
w athob feeeeeech!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
enty malty ll2bbbbbbbbd
kl mamr 6arech amot w a7ya bch 
alsghroo8i &lt;3's fajer for ever ♥♥-amazingاحــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــبـــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــج
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥اتهبل الصوره مشاءالله

يعطيج العافيه
thanx fdeetkm .. A7bkkkm klkm (L)_(L)My Hind thaaaanx fdeeetch
a7biiich more and more ;***
Miss you X&quot;(1ssst&lt;3
a7bbbbbbbch klaaa:&quot;|perfect 
Fajoorz;الا انت حبك ثابت دوم عندي حشى ماغير وبدل مكانه
Lonich ;'$$$F &lt;3333333333333333333333 ;**
ya 7laat hl 7rf (L)__(L)
My Fajoorz لك حياتي يا الغلا فدوه
My Fajoorz ما لي غيرج
My Fajoorz غيرج انا ما اشوف
My Fajoorz حبج استوطن قلبي من بدايته الي نهايته
my Fajoorz a7biiich ll2bd
[k]
[k][k]
[k][k][k]
[k][k][k][k]
[k][k][k][k][k]
[k][k][k][k]
[k][k][k]
[k][k]
[k]FAV
thanx All &lt;33

* Fajoorz : iLOVEu ♥♥a7la letter fil kon :$shoogi am more

Fara7 it's suuure A7la letter :Pniiiice
keep't upA7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich Fajoortiii &lt;3 :$ 
Gr8 piiic Hunii !! [kKK] Jameela Al Pic Yaaaa Jameeela Entyy ♥♥♥
Love You FajoO'r ♥♥♥
Fav L3yoO'naach Ya 3yoO'nyy ♥♥♥
Fdeeet my 7rrrf walah
FAV
'great ~ (F)
Keep it GoingMN 8ALB ALP!C ROO3A &gt;&gt;DAM 7RFCH FEEHA ;*
FAV L3YONCH '3NATI (F) ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!&lt;33 FThanx All .. Lovkm &lt;33Almaha wa fdeeeeet galbch ana .. a7biiich ya 2nsana &lt;33


Amoon &amp; Narooy ; fdeetkm ma tg9roon &lt;33amazing pic

luviiich FAJER

FAV L3yonch 9dee3ty faavgreat shot!
congrats on Explore!
Amazing ♥thaaanx &lt;33niice

comment mee&lt;3 F

مآشآلله وآلله . .
So amazing mashalla (Y) 
Miss you'h :( 



NiceMerci 7baybii &lt;3 

Al6rf alk7eel mis you'h more &lt;3
^^
مآشآلله وآلله  . .
So amazing mashalla (Y) 



^.^

fav حرفي


www.flickr.com/photos/f_f454/4342610193/&lt;3333333 
LOVEuthanx &lt;33

Love you too shgrdia &lt;333333333Omg F &lt;3333333
Love the letter .. cuz 7rfch ;$
A7biiich waid waid

Fav &lt;3*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» cOmMeNt mE تسلم الآيآآدي


lovely 

&lt;33
F &lt;333333333 
Nice piic .. &lt;3For suure Fav &lt;3 thaaanx ;**JOJO tslmeeen ya b3d galbii ;$ ya Laba el.7arf Walla ~

(Y)
 Fav     .* F    A    T    I    M    A     !
F    O    O    J    I     !
iTs MY SEXY LATTER !!!
SURE Nice ;)
&lt;3,,,thaaanx &lt;33

Love you ll2bd FATII .. ;***ya zeeen il F &lt;3

A7bch ;$
FAV l3noonch ;plove u :*Mirci &amp; luvkm more &lt;33




F &lt;33333333






A7biiiiiCh Bnty
 ya 8lb mamatch antyThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.thanx all &lt;33

Mama jeejoo Ahwaach ya roo7 bntch ;***Nice F !nice&lt;3Entow alnice &lt;3Amazing one hunny&lt;3
love you :***Ly more ll2bd &lt;3

Yaa lbaaa al7rrrrf ;O !! (Llllllllllllllll) waaaaaaaaaaaaaaayd ;O

F ; ya malk alroo7 w ra3eha =P

Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaved !A ; La tloomny lw jfeet alnas w jeetk ;$Fajer ; abeek ly lw7dy =$(L)
Fajer ;في حبك صرت مجنون
akeed FAV 
LOVE U !thanx &lt;3
Luv u more &lt;3 Cool piC ;)ent Alcool &lt;3Love youh
i want a see youh :(Rajawy wallah ana kmaaan want to see you'h :|(L)
Love you more and more ;**Nice 8ldy ^^F &lt;3 

I Adore F's !`thanx &lt;3&lt;333
fdaaaait hal7rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrf
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa5 3thaaaaby ;$روووعه ماشالله ابدعتي خيتو

ومنها للأعلى انشاللهtslmoon ;***fdeet fajoorz w 7arfha &lt;33

&lt;3iiiiiiich fajoor &lt;33

fajoorz ; يا اغلى من سكن في قلبي

w b59o9 al pic &lt;3

soOo Nice &lt;33

keep iit uup &lt;33tslmeeeen ya 7beebty memeiz &lt;33I luuuuuuuuuuuuuv u&lt;3Love you more7rfyyy el 3zeez @.@ &lt;333
love u Fajer &lt;3&lt;333333 **;;
NiiiCe pic hun **Love you more Fa6ma &lt;33
Thanx &lt;3Simply an outstanding photograph Christina-------WOW!  Hope you are entering this is some contests, because it is very good!  Love that sky!

Well done Ms Devils Club :)Superb!! Awesome Stuff!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great work..excellent!  great shot!excellent work, great landscape!Fantastic sky.. you hang with some amazing peeps.. This is worth the pole thing for sure.amazing capture maam!
very dramatic seascape!!
very nice in b&amp;w-did you blend two images here? see that is exactly the point its well balanced the sky not too dark cuz the foreground is already dark but I tend to say the sky is a bit too bright, but thats just me so don't listen I bet your goliath friends have more useable things to say:)This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.Awesome BW conversion!! Looks very dramatic and wonderful!!Encuadre y tratamiento Fantasticos.

Saludos.
RikyVery dramatic and moody, love the feel of this image.Very nic photo!Una foto increible. Amo tu B/W!Wow Christina! What a story, and to end up with this makes all that you went through worth it. And you complained last week when I wouldn't pull over when my car was on fire. Well!!!!!! Amazing job getting this shot. It's a very beautiful shot. Yes, those 6-stop filters come in handy. Have a great day Christina!Great shot

 This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold!  
 
 Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.  

Cette belle photo à l'eau est remarquable!
This beautiful picture at the water is excellent!


Veuillez l'ajouter à notre galerie - Please add your remerquable shot
Il était une fois à l'eau - Once upon a time at water-P3/C3 --
This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.Very nice! it's great to see B&amp;W pictures from you.Very lovely. There is a certain symmetry here. Like how the curve of the foreground rocks mirror the curve of the upper clouds.Great composition and bw tones!well worth what you had to go through to get there!!! really like the B&amp;W. Love your stories and love your pics! keep up the good work!Ahh, they took you to this super secret spot, congrats! The b&amp;w looks good here with those streaks in the clouds. Keep up the great work!Also, I'm on a b&amp;w kick lately too if you haven't noticed :)Love this one.  The sky is my favorite but all around is just beautiful.  Sounds like quite the adventure!  So far I've only had the pleasure of shooting with Andrew, i might just have to keep it that way :)SWEETNESS!  Superb!   This came out tremendously well!  I still can't believe you two got that eyebrow cloud in the shot.  :(  I shoulda watched what you were doing and copied it.  

Here's how I KNOW you are embellishing the story:  Steve would NEVER enter those woods with a stick carrying you.  He needs his hands free to protect himself from the bats.  :)

It was GREAT meeting you, and a pleasure to have you along for the trip... I get SO tired of Steve if its just the two of us.  :)  Sorry if I surprised you with the advice to my buddy to just jump off the bridge.  Just keepin it real!  :)Jaw dropping!! WOW!!  you are sooo the Gal..to get these images &amp; your story telling of course is a delight to read!!! :-)

Hope your Tuesday is going great!Stunningly beautiful and worth every minute of torture you endured at the hands of your captors!B&amp;W, what the hell is going on here...!!! ;)
I have never had the gumption to ride in the same car as those two, 
so I am glad that you survived without too much damage..

Seriously though, the black and white looks really good..And the details do too...Not sure what you were worried about...
Great story and awesome shot buddy..I'm thinking it was worth trading in Walt's Super Bowl snacks for this. Beautiful picture.Sounds like you had an awesome time Christina! Glad you were able to get out here and shoot, such a wonderful place. Sorry that it had to be with those Steve and Miles jokers...   :-)

I love this comp too, such crazy clouds in the sky!Great B&amp;W, the contrast's good and that sky looks like a painting!Beautiful shot and great story.  I am glad your survived to share this with us all.  Thank you for your sacrifice.Great detail in the foreground and excellent B&amp;W. Wonderful shot!Wow, fantastic.Amazing shot ...Good story. LOL. Nice shot.Beautiful comp of this place! I love the vertical choice so that you could focus on the chasm and the sweeping clouds.Your compositions are great as always a great capture.Stunning exposure .. well done!Great shot
This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.Very nice shot. I like the sweeping clouds and the water  appears to be smoky! Nicely done. What kind of filters(brand) are you using now?Joseph, I'm using the Lee filters :)cool image, and i love the b&amp;w.For human Stu? I'm stew, I mean stew!
Very nice tones.Christina, Thanks for the answer!  I've looked at Tiffens but don't want to spend that type of money yet. Lee's look pretty good. Are you using the lee lens hoods as well?If you mean the grad holders then no I found a cheaper solution as long as I'm not bound to a pole!I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Qué foto tan bellaunos tonos muy agradables, me gusta este encuadre tan cerradoSi señor, esta genial ese encuadre.Me dejas anonadado, con la composición que nos presentas.
Muchas vueltas he dado por Segovia ... por arriba, por abajo, por los laterales etc ... 
Original tu toma.
Enhorabuena.Es una hermosa imagen!


Vista en/See in: EL RINCÓN DEL FOTÓGRAFO
-------------------
Se verá así:
Es una hermosa Imagen!

EL RINCÓN DEL FOTÓGRAFO
Vista en/See in:
EL RINCÓN DEL FOTÓGRAFOUna perspectiva muy bonita, una manera original de contemplar el arte segoviano. Un merecido explore.

Enhorabuena!Wonderful shot !!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Magnifica toma y colores
saludosBuenísima. Además de todo lo que han dicho yo le añadiría el adjetivo de elegante.Muchas gracias por vuestros comentarios Cette belle photo a été vue et appréciée dans le groupe
This beautiful photo was seen and appreciated in the group
Le meilleur ami de l’homme

Post 1, Award 3aaaahahahhhhaaaahahhahhaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LMAO  ; )))You have a nice BIG smile ! Funny shot .This is too funnyHaha! I'm glad you posted this one again!And I thought Heath Ledger couldn't be replaced!LOL!! I loved this the first time you posted it.
:-)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Standard Poodle - Caniche Royal  ( SPCR ) group  ©&quot; (?)i remember this!!! you need to do one for Avatar, i've seen about 5 today already.Wow........! It seems like the boat is being sailed on the sky!simply wow...............josh....love this....Congrats for the POD


---
Seen this shot in:
Through The Lens: Bangladesh

Pool.mata nosto koira falaitase poladaaa... sabbashh

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)Fuska re ki suru korli tue?? thaam na baap !!!obhinondon raian. aar shubhechchha :Dcongratsseiraham sadman vai!!! congratez  :)excellent stuffjotil !!!Wowowowowwww!The piano design is amazing...Wow! Love the off-centre stacking annd that piano design is fabulous.This is an awesome design!!I love this... Awesome cake... simply amazing... GREAT JOB!Awesome design !!!Doncs a mi m´agrada, i molt!



Clica aquí per veure les millors fotos d'ENFOCAMolt bona!Wonderful!! So close!!¡Absolutamente espectacular! Es de las mejores fotos que he visto hasta ahora con el fantástico 150 f/2. Es para estar orgulloso, compañero...

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Doncs és molt maca, molt ben agafada, m'agrada
Bona nit!!!Impresionante,fantastica,genial,enhorabuena es un fotón
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
La mirada posa els pels de punta!PERE  genial foto com te mira el animalet ...........
........SALUTACIONS AMIC MEUMolt ben disparada, amic..!!!!!Quina mirada que fa! Molt bé agafada. I amb gran definició.
Molt bona!


Clica aquí per veure les millors fotos d'ENFOCAPreciosa !!


Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1Bufa!!!. com la vares enfocar, si no et deuri donar temps.....
quina nitides mes bona...

Clica aquí per veure les millors fotos d'ENFOCAUna mirada que es pot tallar !!
Impressionant,Pere !!
Una gran captura !!!Es genial Pere , quina pasada ......si se li veu la llaganya  , que bona.
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
M'agrada l'enquadrament. Potser les potes... però bé, no sempre s'hi pot tenir de tot :-)
M'agrada també la llum que passa per les plomes!Casi te pica, jejeje, es magnifica esta toma.com et mira, bona captura Pere !!!Caram com et mira,és genial,enhorabona Pere.
Bona nit

Magnifica foto Pere Que detalles mas bien captados Una definicion excelente

saludosMolt bona, Pere. Per poder saber el que pensaba la gavina, es molt convenient veurala en gran jeje.
Que tinguis un bon día, amic.Aquest primer plano m´encanta. Es una xulada!

Petons
KalaFantastic enquadre i momentqué cara de decepción tiene el pobre bicho,
eso sí, ha quedado una foto magnífica, con ese encuadre y definición
una abraçadapreciosa!estupenda fotografia..molt ben detallada i enmarcada

salut i molt bon dia!!!Això es diu estar apunt amb la càmera, m´agrada.He visto tu 'afoto' en AFOTO y es de mi gusto. ¡Felicidades!
 AFOTO 'Asociación Fotográfica Orihuela'

………………………………………………………………………………………………………Ohhhh!!!  Que me está mirando!!!  ;O)Wonderful shot !!I saw this beautiful photo on Explore !

You are invited to add this wonderful photo to
&quot;Explored Beauty !&quot;
 
Explored Beauty !
Please Invite other Explored Favorites to this Group too !Fabulosa captura. Se nota la calidad de ese ZD-150.
Un saludoSu expresión, los detalles y la luz son una maravilla. Qué gozada de captura.
Un abrazo.uf! ben a sobre...una mica més i et cau al damunt!

no em parlis de fred Pere, la fredolica ja tremola :)Impressionat, Pere, com et mira. Salutacions amic.Fantastic shot, great work.impresionante, sobretodo esa mirada, belleza total igualmente del ave.Ojo en ojo, te va a robar la Olympus
Impresionante!Great shot.Hermosa captura. Parece que me mirara.Un enfoc excel.lent !!Aquest és el tribut a pagar pels que usen objectius fixos de gran qualitat. La gavina bastant normal, la presa bueníiiisima!!!.A  fantastic image
Nicely seen and shot


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)¡Que bien posa para tí y tu Oly!!!

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Superb photo! Wonderful! Congratulations on explore.Menuda mirada !!!! te felicito .La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Quina pasada la foto, la mirada felicitats!!! m'encantaHi, I'm an admin for a group called PLAY ART!!!    Invite your friends!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful and mysterious shot !!your stuff is so cool!  great shot (again)!Moody.Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.This is funny, I was going to post a very similar shot tonight - I'll wait a couple of days. You know corrada2000 did the same thing to me on a phone shot. I'm just to slow out of the gate.

This is a wonderful shot, I love the water color feel of the bokeh!

I'm also concern about Lili - hope it's turns out to be nothing at all.

Take care, TonyLove the colors of your TV! No smoking Tony! =PFantastic shot, nice effect!fantastic background!I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.Magnifica!

saludosawesome captureExcellent composition.  Love the lights surrounding the ash!Another great shot from you !genius work.I quit about two and a half years ago.  I saw this and could smell the smoke. Must be a good photo to make me have that reaction, but it was... disconcerting.Superb!!That's simply awesome.Really very original, Tony !!!again good idea, using TV as background bokeh!!! the shape of the bokeh is very interesting.Quite simply, awesome!!brilliant shot.  this is outstanding.Cigerette? As opposed to ...?:)
Way kool bokeh butt!:DLovely bokeh.Another great blobby bokeh shot! The cigarette is mysterious, maybe ominous in the low light.Solid !!!
Those will kill you my friend,,,,but so will getting ran over by a city bus while in the street shooting garbage bokeh I suppose.
Cheers!
Ji want one! :Dlol why the question mark in the title trade...are you that sleepy that you are not sure lol...nice bokeh, but get some sleep my friend )Nice DOF..
Have a nice day.. Tony..creamy colorsI love that kind of minimalism that says so much.
(the colors are Flickr-like)great idea!
the sharp contrast of clear and blurry and that one yellow spot are brilliant!i love the minimal light there with the bokeh background! this is awesome!so thats what a d90 can do in a low light situation? not really that's what can a skill do to a d90 in a low light situation, right?i love colors!!! i love your photos &lt;3Wonderful color!Wow, awesome!awesome DoF!! nice colors!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!surreal, my fav ! almost lunch time but going for liquid only, stomach prob, hahafresh colorsFantastic colors!A stunning set from the Neutra Colony......this one is particularly good....the front garden is looking well designed as well.....those cantilevered steps are not easy to achieve....stunning...and thank you for posting in The Twentieth Century House pool......superb....So beautiful.It's even better inside.Has it been open for tours, John?I saw it when it was up for sale a few years back.  It's a stunner!Lovely walkway.The landscaping really compliments the lines of the house -- what a beautiful effect.The lines on this are beautifully balanced. What a terrific shot!Wow - Spins, you were lucky to get to see it inside,  Great house, great shot.al.1st ~

TòOғy *


{ دلعتني بمحبتك واتحمل انت الي يجيك !


WoooooooW

I Luuuuuuuuuuuuuv Alvinn &amp; The Chipmunks ;O

Luved el Shot Aloooooooooooot &lt;333 !!

Keep it Upzz =D !

FAV... (L) !

 



yaaaaaY ,
TòOғy *  iz L.1st 3nnndh ;$


OMG .!
oOna &amp; 7beeby fe L.pic ! ;p

ayyya 3laiihom ,
rby y5leehom L.b3'9 =$ 
wo L.pic 7dha amazing , &amp; Great shot walla =)

Keep Goin , 
 (K)  
,


;$ 


 امانه شوفني رڪز تغير ڪلي من حبڪ ~ 

 فتحت قلبي عشآآنه وشرعته ‏.,‏ وأصبح ملڪي يآمرني و ينهآآني ََ }

آلعُمـر بـ وجودڪ / له آحـسسآآس ثـآني ..!

من غـلآه خـآيفـه آوصـل للجنـون 


&quot; \ 

b8oolk shy ;$

a7bk oOna '


 (F) 


TòOғy * waz HERE ;)



cuuute =)

I &lt;3 it !N!iCEfaavFaaaaaaaaaaaav ~sooo cute &lt;33n!ce p!c.

&lt;33 it

keep it fooo8

comment me ~ Niceحـبي لـه لـا مـاهو عـادي و شـوفــته غـاية مـرادي (L) !ČώāŽỹ βёãủŦёỹăђ ♥



Thank u =)



* Tσσƒч ❥ رآحتي قربڪ
⇉    A7la wellcome Ya R07i 

''Ameen Ya Rab'' 



أنـت بس الـﮯ فيهم , ﮔـلهم مـآ ابيهم
قلبـﮯ ميت فـﮯ وآحد , واللـﮧ راحت عليهم



❀A 8oOl lch shy b3d  ≳ ღ Amoot Fech ana ღ * 
ρlumεrίa ✿Mr.adoring ♥‘ T e m o o nsυρεя.3αwoѕнjυsт мε [ سبحان الله وبحمده ]ḿŝ.đℓғғέŕέήţ.Şhy5ã ♥ ; [عظيم مقــامي]ḾσΘdЧ &lt;3 مـآغيرڪ أبيـہ *šђмøø5 3zч --» ڪلي لڪCute ~
allah y5leech lhm =)ⓣⓗⓐⓝⓠ ↔ All   *

&lt;3 it

N!Cce e e 

فديت ضحكته ه ه لضغط فوق راسه ههه ه ه 

كيوؤوؤت ت ت 


keep it up p p 

co0oment t t Me e e
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~¤(ßŋÖòŢã)¤~أإعشقـهـ.ـ
=*raw3a*
Tjnn l,p!c =)
CUUTE ^.^ 
love it .. :)F.N.A → انســان خالي من السكرĽσσѕнy ॡ'D i a м o и d ♥=*

 n!ce 

raw3a 

Comment Me 



ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ..
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
　└┐▒▒▒┌┘

((кèép ίţ ùρ..))
.
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
(`'•.¸(` '• co00oment •'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.*+*. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.No00ot.¸)`'•.¸ )

v(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.pllllllzzz . ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )
.•´ `•.¸
¸.•
( `•.¸
`•.¸ )
¸.•´

╚═●{~♥~♥~♥ J ═╗.. 
♥
$
$$_____________________________________$$$
$$$$__________________________________$$$$
$$$$$$______________________________$$$$$$
*$$$$$$$$,*_____________________*,$$$$$$$$*
*$$$$$$$$$$$,,_______________,,$$$$$$$$$$*
__$$$$$$$$$$$$_ _._____.___$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$$$$$$$$$,_'.____.'_,,$$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$??????$$$,, '.__,'_$$$????????$$$$
____$$$?????????$$$$..:..$$$$?????????$$$
_______***$$??????$$@@$$??????$$****
_________,,,$$*$????$$@????$$,,,,,,
_____,,$$?????????$$*@@*$$???????$$$,,,
____*$$$????????$$$*@@*?????????$$
___,,*$$$????????$$__.@.__*$?????????$$$,,
_,,*___*$$??????$$$___*___*$???????$$*__ *',,
*____,,*$$?????$$$_________$????????$*,,____ *
______,;$*$,$$**'____________**'$$***,,
____,;'*___'_.*__________________*___ '*,,
,,,,.;*____________---____________ _ ____ '**,,,,
...°*
....O
.......°o O ° O*
.................°
.............. °
............. O.
.............o....o°o
.................O....°
............o°°O.....o
...........O..........O
............° o o o O .
----------------------`•.¸ )
----------------------¸.•)´
----------------------(.•´
----------------------`*.*´¨)
----------------------¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
---------------------(¸.•´ (¸.•`
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█So Cuute &lt;333 ^.^
Nice Pic

Comment Me...
.....................

Fantastic *ŋiCėė, ρί!C 

Keep IT Fo0oG 

comment me p!!iizyaay jmeelen:*niice el pic 

keep it up 

fav 



comment meAlvin &lt;33
;**

Favniiice pic

abdaa3 

rw3aa

comment me plz

yaaaay i love them 

cool taken .. 
like the words .. 

keep Goin ,,Amazing~!
&lt;33The lighting is so beautiful, Amelia!
And big congrats on the views :Dfirst to view!!!!
Wow, it's GREATcongratssss!!! :D

lovely lighttt!Love the light!pure gorgeousness !!that is great shot.WOW!stunning!amazing light!lovely picwow look at that light!
insaneNice lighting!This is rocking.oh i love the light and the composition!
perfect processing.superb!!!
u r so beautiful.this is really beautiful amelia :)woww 50,000 views, so jealous!
i love this
i actually squinted when i saw it because i thought i was going to be blinded by the sun. i'm a bit stupid like that...
and you look very pretty!Thank you everyone :D50,000 views! cograts :D
and you are really pretty (-:Amelia, I swear you get more incredible every day (:Oh fantastic honey!!!....xGreat picture, fantastic light and I love the girls face.you are beautiful.congrats on the views :)
you always have the most amazing photos with beautiful lightahhhhh beautiful lighting!
and that is an amazing amount of views :) well done!
xxThank you :D!!WOWWWW this is of my all time favorites! beautiful light and facethis is so very beautiful !The flare just blew me away! wow!!!!haha you managed to catch the sun aswell, we were lucky to get some today xD anyway, this is amazing Amelia!! And i like your gaze in this photo.i love this sunnice way to catch sun...gosh this is incredible &lt;3wow amazing! i always find it hard to shoot directly facing the sun. you are good!
beautiful shot, love the framing and lightoh wow!Thanks everyone :Dwowowwowowowwww this is so beautiful, I don't know why you don't love it. It's amazing!

OMG and yayyyy, another huge HP fan! :D  

&quot;8. I still don't get why HP and the Philosopher's Stone was changed to Socerer's abroad, (apparently people abroad wouldn't want to read a book with Philosopher's in the title :S)&quot;

I agree.  I mean, I live in America, and I don't have any problem with &quot;Philosopher&quot; being in a book title XD

And don't worry, we're all perfectionists 8)great composition and very interesting facts!another great shot!Superb lightning!Number 8... what a mystery! ha ha

coongrats with so many views!The light is fantastic! :)Thanks everyone, yes HP confuzzlessss me :) !!ahhh! this sun is stunning!beautiful. the sunflare is insane!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Congrats on the views this is gorgeous :Dso insanely gorgeousoh my god...the sun!Thank you everyone &lt;3 xwow crazy lightwow, the sunflare is amazing ! :oBeautiful. A huge contrast with the buildings in the backgroundnice shot!Almost looks like a pen and ink or pencil drawing. Fantastic!I like this shot ... living there must be hard ... but it's life, and there'll be laughs with the living ... it's what people are about.

Now, that is a vey long list of tags ...excellent shotThis is explore waiting to happen. Wonderful vision!! Superb shot.It really saddens me to see the real situation of the poorest of the poor here in the metro. I pray that one day, change will finally take place for the better. Still hopeful. And I do hope the country will be off to a good start this year--what, with the change of presidency this 2010.

On a lighter note, thank you EVERYONE for appreciating!!! =)The people in the world that have each other over the people that have &quot;things&quot;,  to me, are the luckiest people on Earth.Fantastic job on this one Raymond.  LOVE IT.
That is a sad reality... but it's everywhere... even here.  
And it breaks my heart to see so many people... families
struggling.This is one of my favorites Mon!Nice shot. :) Is this somewhere in Recto?@Cheri: I have to agree, but I mean...seeing them like this makes me think that their situation could at least be somewhat better than what they're in now. Anyhow, thanks for the nice reflection! :)

@Nikki: Thanks for appreciating, Nikki! And yes, yes...it's really really sad. If we could only do something to help them...oh, I know...we could pray for them--at least, for now.

@Francis: Thank youuuuuu! Heheh. Ang hilig mo talaga sa greyscale! ;)

@Rica: Thank you! And yes, it's along Recto. At the back of that establishment adjacent to Isetann. :)Nice B/W shot, an interesting view
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )Thank you, MedEvac71! :)

And to everyone, THANK YOU! Woo-hoo! This shot just made EXPLORE. And my gratitude goes to each and everyone of you, as always. THANK YOUUUUUUUUUUU! :)Cool photo - but what drew me to it was the name/lyrics. I swear you're the first other person I've ever met who knows that song!In a certain way, even a little bit erotic!
Lovely!Fabulous! love the depth!!love the color blocking!Rigolo! C'est quoi? Un signe d'ambulance?
Je donne ma langue au chat.Problem with contacts photos, check out the link
www.flickr.com/help/forum/en-us/120799/I like it - very creative - love the colours and angleJe ne sais pas ce que c'est mais ça me plait :)


Photo vue dans le groupe
Premiers pas
wonderful =)love the use of negative space!nice sharp edge, the red is cool :)厚みのあるアクリルの質感ってスキです :)Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:) really? lolThis Golden Hour SEEN in: 

 Golden Hour! POST 1,AWARD 2
Please Invite Other, Golden Hours Too!Beautiful coloursΚαταπληκτική!This Golden Hour SEEN in: 

 Golden Hour! POST 1,AWARD 2
Please Invite Other, Golden Hours Too!wonderful atmosphere!

Seen in Greek Photographers group.ΩΩΩ! Καταπληκτική!Lucky guy!Τι υπέροχο πρωινό!!!!!!!!!!
Χρώματα, ατμόσφαιρα και αντανακλάσεις εξαιρετικές!!!!!!!!!!!!Υπεροχη ! Και φοβερα Pentax χρωματα !What a view !!!! Με υπέροχα χρώματα ..!!!!!Το χρώμα είναι απίθανο !τα δώρα τ ουρανού στον άνθρωπο..Υ Π Ε ΡΟ Χ Η !!!!!!!!!!!Absolutely wonderful shot! Congrats!katapkiktikiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiπανεμορφη φωτοwow amazing skyAnother version:
Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Amazing Shooters y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Perfectaes como una escena de suenoooooo! 
Esos colores Carmen, ay esos coloresssssss!Preciosas las dos!! ;)Julia tiene razon, son soñadas!
BELLLAS!!!!!!!la segunda es muy linda !!!!!

magica !!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I really love the process you put your photos through and would really love to talk to you about how you do that.. it is quite amazing and beautiful effect..Hermosa!!! 
Y las dos fotos son mágicas! concuerdo con las chicas! 
Amiga muchas gracias por tu cariño y tus palabras... hoy ando más animadita...TQM ♥Que puesta en escena tienes mi querida C!
me la llevo con toda la emoción roja del mes!!!dolcissima ... :)Muy buenas las dos tomas.. 

Me gusta el acople ocn las palabras de Machado...
La suavidad de las luces y el movimiento de las fotos son un acierto.. sútil, delicado y expresivo.

Saludos! :DVery Beautiful portraitEs una edición tan Carmén Moreno... me faltarían palabras si intento describir lo bellas que son! FP Yaaaaaa!Gracias a todos por los comentarios!!!!!
@Kari: en serio??? FP??!!! gracias por avisarme, y por comentar!!!Que hermosa foto, me fascinan las dos. Soy nueva en el grupo pero te queria decir que tus fotos son increibles!Ambas son preciosas!! Que elegancia!! =)Todavía no! quise decir que deseo que sea FP yaaa! se lo merece.Beautiful photo, great  !!So perfect. I adore both versions, but the second one really made me think, &quot;whoa.&quot;
Well done~@Ange: Gracias !!!! ;-)

@Kari Kari: jajajajajajajajaj!! ya decia yo, este perol de Flickr esta fallando y no está actualizando las subidas, con 12 comentarios lo veo dificil que quede en FP!! en todo caso, mi explore son uds, mis amigos y contactos, que siempre tienen un tiempito para pasarse por aqui.
Besos, linda!!

@Jan Block &amp; @ TheBbrokenShe: Thanks so much!Very beauty like, like a princess.♥Suavidad perfecta en esta imagen!so lovely carmen:)
I love the soft light and blur very much!wow...amazing colours and tones. lovely mood in this picture.Very Beautiful.Hermosas las dos!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Genial foto, me gusta bastante. 100 puntos!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful soft and delicate focus. Great work Carmen. And thanks for the invite.

--
Seen in Amazing shooters (?)they are so cute!they are indeed beauties!love the green! so pretty. good enough to eat!look how pretty they are.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called t r i v i a l i t i e s, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful! and they're so fresh...not like the ones you'd get at the local grocery store obviously. small artichokes are the best in my opinion.my favorite.i haven't had artichokes in so long! beautiful photo.indeed!mmmm...artichokes. 
so good!I love &quot;artichauds&quot;. Beautiful shot.Those are gorgeous. Can't wait 'til it's time for them here in NYC.impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Very nice, congratulations!Whoa this is soo cool!It'a always exciting when you achieve something you have been trying to do for ages.It's great when a shot gets you all excited. Well done :)awesome well donefantastic shotFab shot! Great colours too!Awesome !Excellent photo, congrats!! :DThank you all so much! And for the faves too! I wasn't sure if anybody will be as excited about this one as I was ;) I'm glad you like it!whoa.. very very coolWow Barbara!  This is really delightful.  Gorgeous colours there too.  What a wonderful find.  It's very cool and you have every reason to be excited!!! %-)
It's great when you make such discoveries!!! %-)fantastic Barbara! One of your best! strange how these opportunities present themselves now and again. (Normally when you dont have a camera too!)Very cool Barbara.  I have wanted try to do a refraction shot as well ... but it's never happened.  Didn't have the camera, or it didn't work.  This is absolutely fantastic ... Be happy, be very happy!So, so cool, Barbara!!!  I've always wanted to pull one of these shots off...and you did magnificently! :DVery cool!!Very nice work!Fantastic shot,,,!Very magical and rather Christmassy! (those reds and greens!) :~}outstanding and what a great find! Excellent workAmazing shoot!WOW!!! This looks very coolthis is an amazing shot, Barbara!  a faveCongratulations. Can't wait to see what you do with flowers. :)
OmG :| :|
yess ana elll First 3nd '9o'9o 
7ayatiiii ell pic 3thaaab ;pP&lt;&lt;abthba77ne ammmch
 hhhhhhh ;Pp
Oo akeeed faaav ya ell 8lllllb 
ههههه ، 
آوِش آوِش آيوِمه ترِآ آلحين بقوِم آقوِلهآ ;p !
لؤِلزِ ، منوِرِة فدِييتج (Aa) ~N ;pالله يحفظه

الله يخليلج الوالد ان شاء الله 
ويحفظه حق امج عشان العلاقات بس ;Pp

عليج ابداع ياروضه يفر المخ 
كملي ماعليج بس 

اكيد فيف عشان عمو ;Ppalla y5leeh lkmتسلموِوِن ;p
يعطيكم آلعآفية ~
Loooooool  ;pP
الله يحفظه لكم انشالله ويطول في عمره انشالله 
WILL DONE !!


MY NEW PIC,, HOPE U &lt;3 IT !!

{ www.flickr.com/photos/riffa3_-_al3ezz/4299540867/ }nice piic ; 

keeep it ^^ 


comment me plzz XDالله يطول بعمره ويخليه لكم انشالله :)
الصوره عجيبه وتستاهل الفيفالله يحفظه ويخليه ويطول بعمررررهالله يحفظه ^^ alla y5leeh lkm ^^nice oneعسآكم ع آلقوِؤِة ~allaaa y5leeh lkm ;)
ily Roudhaa (LL)raaaaaby y7f'6h w y5leeh lkum ♥♥&lt;3منوِرِينيُ 
' A.M.Y ; ily more (LL) ;p
amazinG ;*
amazingUugh allah y7f'9ah w e6aol f3mrah &lt;3 
a7biiich ya bnnt &amp; miss'ch ;**alla ye5lleh lekoom enshalla



comment meplzMashalla 3lyh..
allh y7f'6h..الله يحفظه ويخليه لكم يارب 
تسلم يمناااج على الايديت[ η!!¢¢ê ρίί¢¢ .., 
[ кèép ίţ ùρ .., 
[ çōṃṃęηť ₥ě &amp; ηǿtё ρĻz .., 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ₥ỳ ņĕώ ρί¢ .., 

ღ ,.. ╔[ ♥ ]╝ ..,ღ
nicce shot = 





allah y7F`9 your Baba :ppAwesome capture , 7abait the lightning fil shot wo gr8 view ^^ nice colors =D !!  keep it upooo

^^;p الله يطول في ع’ـمر ـألبآابآا

وجميلة اللقطة قواج الله ;p !Rbii y7f'6ah w y5leeh Nshalla

آمين , الله يحفظه ويخليه لكم ,


 روعة الصورة ,


يعطيج العافية ,

انتظر جديدج .. 

Ali - Alassiri

وِيحفظكم يآرِب
منوِرِينيُ ~Raw3a
Nice~ piC 
amazing shot
really liked it 
Abdaaaaa3 !!! { F }

Keep it All way's UP
hope to see your FAV &amp; comment آلله يطول بعمـره ويحفظه لكممم ~

فـيف ~Allah y5leeh lch!!الله يحفظه لكم ، ويطول بعمره ع الطآعآت :)

ويرزقه بركم يآرب العآلمين

* فيف كرمآلو ، الله يسعده ،^^

 Alla y7f6'a e5leh enshalla

Mashalla ♥ 
alla y7f6'a oo y5leh lkomm
love alshot wallla 
mbda3a roro ;*
Love UHi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr clickr, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Search of the perfect light! / Em busca da luz perfeita!, and we'd love to have this added to the group! الله يخليه لكم يارب
ويطول بعمره 
FaaveAllah y7f'9ah w y6ppl B3mrh ;)Fav &lt;3

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 itيعطييكم آلعآفيية ~الله يخليه لج رواضي

واللقطه من قلب حبيتها ,, والوانها في غايه الوضوح ,, 


جعل من جابج للجنهتسلمين حبيبتيُ
آسعدِتينيُ بـ مرِوِرِج آلليُ نوِرِنيُ ^_^ ,ربـي يحفظه ويخليـه لكم يـآـآربي (F)',
ويطـول بعمـره إن شآء الله ويحفظ جميـع آباء المسلميـن  :) 
أبدعتـي باللقطـه مآآشاء الله وكفآيه الموديل منـور مآشاء الله *ّ~الله يحفظه ويخليه لكم يارب 
Mashalla rw3a el 9ora , Tjnin O rbiiiii :D
well done الله يحفظه ويطول لكم بعمره :)allah y6ool b3mrh o y5leeh lkm ^^Very nice portraitmashalla ;)So niice 

allah y7f'9 aLmodaL mashalh !ماشاءالله :*
AmazinG 

&lt;&lt;3

تستاهلين الفييف ..MashalhBeautiful! 


Seen in
FLICKR Stars group,
post 1 invite 1 award 6
and tag &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; on your picture
تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
نااااااااايس بكجر

كومنت مي
Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS,
agrega 1 Premia 6
agrega la etiqueta &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; en tu foto
Ultimate GOLD (Post 1 - Give 5 Gold Stars) ماشاءالله ..
niCe



mashaalllah =*YOU'VE got TALENT!


Seen in: 
FLICKR'S got TALENT - Post 1 ~ Awards 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 3+ TALENT AWARDS and need more
awards to make it to the SuperStar Group 
POST HERE
(Please read thread rules)

If you receive 10+ TALENT AWARDS, you may post
your photo to *FLICKR'S SuperStar TALENT*
(Please read the group rules)Mashallah!Amazing =)
Keep !t Up 
Comment Me PlZZZzzzzz =Pp

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33526183@N02/4314871340/] nice =)nice walla


mashallla 

rby ya7fe9'ch

fav


&lt;33333333

(k)

(f)

^.*Mashalhmashallah ^_^

i love the title and the song..

ihda2 to the person that ihdaniyaha ^_^مـــاشالله
أبدعتي يالذوق
ومنها الى الامآآآم

                         Mashalla

                     F a v ,. ~


                             ېآمغڵق آڵهـہآٺف إششبهـہ ېۈمڪ أغڵقٺهـہ .!؟ Niice pic ..

comment me 

www.flickr.com/photos/mr-7amooody/4345764741/ Km mra agoolch la t76een 9wrch :@ !!!

Mashallah &lt;3
Bs 97 L  t76een 9wrch ;( &lt;&lt; Malgoofa xD


مــآشآآء ألله
F A V E D 



حمنو / مدير قروب مدرسة المقآليع


๑۩ ..   الدآر من عقبك ترى والله ماسميه دآر .. ۩๑[ كلمآتي ]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hmano/4343410362/]

niice piic 

keep it up 

comment me plzz

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41986246@N08/4347256822/]mashallah wallah , 
ThoooooG , ya 3yoon elmaha , 
Ya Labaaaaa wallah ,, 

FAv ,
Superb image, excellent details and composition.
My compliments!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Wow mashallah niCe hairsяǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

ďØoм fə alβďά3..~ •º㋡

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º㋡

keep it foog ya thoo8..~ •º㋡

 ~..»♥« cÖмMεnt мε ρℓzZz..+.nÖtε+ fav »♥«..~ 


niiice piiC




niiice piiC




niiice piiC




comment me pleasecute 
    
i want you to need me

Mashallah =D

ربـي يحفــظج

I miss you
;$
mashallah;**----------------♥♥♥♥♥♥---------♥♥♥♥♥-------♥ -------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-------♥♥♥♥♥♥-----------
-----------------♥♥♥-♥♥♥---------♥♥♥-------♥ ♥------♥♥--------♥♥♥-----♥♥------------------
-----------------♥♥♥--♥♥♥--------♥♥♥-------- --------♥♥-------------------♥♥-------------- ----
-----------------♥♥♥---♥♥♥-------♥♥♥------♥♥ ------♥♥-------------------♥♥♥♥--------------
-----------------♥♥♥----♥♥♥------♥♥♥------♥♥ ------♥♥-------------------♥♥♥♥--------------
-----------------♥♥♥-----♥♥♥♥---♥♥♥------♥♥- -----♥♥-------------------♥♥----------------- -
-----------------♥♥♥-------♥♥♥---♥♥♥------♥♥ ------♥♥---------♥♥♥-----♥♥------------------
----------------♥♥♥♥-------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥------♥♥-- ------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-------♥♥♥♥♥♥-----------
----------------♥♥♥♥-------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥------♥♥♥- -------♥♥♥♥♥♥♥--------♥♥♥♥♥♥----------

comment me pllz =)مـاشـاء اللـــة

حـلـوة الـصـــورة

قـواج اللـــة

كومنت مي بليز
www.flickr.com/photos/al-kuwari89/4328359429/Está uma maravilha.Stunning detail
 Seen in Birds Photos GroupFantástica!Excelente captura!Linda foto.5+++++excelente!
Your wonderful capture was seen in the 
Wonderful World of Animals 
Add 1 – Comment 2Está muito bom!Magnífica!Simplesmente excelente!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Kormoran (Phalacrocorax carbo), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Parabéns, está uma excelente foto! Nunca vi nenhum ao perto.Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe ~ Serene ~, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Biensur..cést toi..la plus..belle Jo...superb compo!
Hugs!great view! very beautiful... well done!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely shot ! very artistically captured ! beautiful silhouette !SUPERB!!!

Keep safe. Have a wonderful Tuesday My Dear Friend.

...Oh those shapes!!! Awesome, jo!Splendid!Adorable   ***  Jo  ***

Domibiens jolis refletsSuperbe! magnifiques silhouettes en reflets!this is definitely the fairest of them allAwesome Shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic reflections!Awesome reflections, so beautiful !!Super reflection, Beautiful.Lovely reflections.Que c'est beau 
le reflet donne un petit air irréelBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe InTeNCidAD, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Great shot!!!


--
You are invited to post this totally amazing, cool photo in
±100 AШΑRĐZ or Less than «500»♥Crazy♥ Comments!!! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Lovely!InTeNCidAD

You deserve the InTeNCidAD Award !!!
Thank you for sharing your photo !
&amp;Great picture!!!Beautiful!magnifique!  :)vamo vamos vamoooos!!!!!
pelamordedeus!!!! a foto ta deslumbrante!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sensacional! amei amei amei!
explore total! favoritíssima! to babando!
bom diaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ótima terça..bejokassss
=]Um show de cores! a borboleta da mesma cor das flores, ficou linda! parabéns!uma bela terça natureza ( tema butterfly,)
adorei sua ideia Sônia abraços, unindo ideias podemos 
fortalecer mais um tema, o importante é a amizade entre os 
flickeros...abraços e tudo de bom
eu mudei o titulo da minha foto da uma olhadinha hehe!
abraços amiga!Lindas cores!Fantastic color shot !!!
congratulations !!!Um espetáculo de cores, amei essa foto!
Parabéns, Sonia!Nice work Good day my dear friendta lindo...♥♥♥
Espetacular esta foto!!!
Show de cores!!!
Parabéns, Sonia!!!ual... ótimas fotos vi por aqui...
parabéns !!!!!!!!
isso pq vc é &quot;amadora e não domina a técnica&quot; (perfil)...
imagina se dominasse a técnica, então !!!!!!!!!!!!Linda linda!

Maravilha...favoritei sua linda foto..
Obrigado pelo carinho de sempre...
bsjssjsshow de coresNossa que composição linda, amei essa foto,tá tudo perfeito demais.

Parabéns, ótimo dia =)Wow...Colorful shot...Beautiful...!!!Composição e cores maravilhosas! Excelente captura.Belíssima... uma pintura...

Bela captura!
Adorei os tons de amarelo!
Boa terça-feira pra você!
Beijos!Showww!!!a winner..Arrasou Soninha!! Fantástico esse contraste de cores!! 

Feliz terça-butterfly!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/juciaracastro/3988808554/]Perfect Photo... Great Shot...Belíssima foto!Menina.. que arraso!
Suuuupe macro!!
Amei!!!!Um espetáculo!!
Boa terça Natureza!

Maravilhosa, amiga!!!

A mesma flor, mas sem borboleta:

Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado FLOWERS ON FLICKR ( POST 1 AWARD 3) e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado R.S.V.P.  ♥  Something from the heart  P1/C2 e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!linda.



bjosWow Excellentidéia maravilhosa Sonia ! Que sejam borboletas, libélulas, abelhas,toda natureza bela que possamos acompanhar, te deixo minha terça natureza !
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/13564079@N04/3463115427/]Soninha, pra conseguir essa foto dancei um tango ,rsrsrsrs.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/marialiacarolino/3915910639/in/set-72157622976910179/]

Boa terça!preciosa  sonia  , me gustalinda composição Sonia, cores maravilhosas!
boa terça querida, brigada pela visita!
bjbjbjCOMENTAR O QUE?!!!

Tenha um dia tão belo quanto esta foto, Minha Amiga.

...Linda, cores muito belas!
Feliz terça borboleta!
sensacional. 
sempre expert nas macros.
bela harmonia de cores.
sim,  respondendo-lhe:
faz meses que não vou a natal.
aquela foto dos pescadores é de tempos jurássicos (início da década de 90).
inclusive, é analógica, escaneada.oi sonia, como sempre suas fotos são lindas...parabéns.
onde você consegue essas maravilhas....
boa semana, beijos da amiga sonia.Cores sensacionais. Parabens!wonderful colors in this beautiful macro !!!!Show de captura... cores perfeitas.Que terça colorida!!

Belissima imagem!!!Ah que linda que detalles, preciosa!!!

Boa terça...Dedé.What a gorgeous capture, Sonia!
 Hello, I'm a moderator in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only) group.  Your picture is beautiful &amp; we would love to have this added to our group!



 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2Fantastic catch, gorgeous image


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)------------- Vi essa linda foto no Grupo ------------- 
Lovely well-matched colours ....butterfly &amp; flower made for each other.Linda berboleta e linda foto Sonia!
Um abraço amiga e tudo de bom para voceMuy buenos y brillantes colores.
Espectacular, Sonia.



This is from yesterday.....wow, What a beautiful shot &amp; colorsAdorei muito linda que close up vc conseguiu heim.
beijosPq será que não vejo borboletas?? E quando chego perto de uma elas escapam???
Nunca consegui e acho que nunca conseguirei um shot desses...
Parabéns, minha cara!!Espetacular! Superb! Fabulous! Fantastic! Outstanding! Parabéns! Congratulations!Suas fotos são lindas!!!
cores maravilhosas...bela macroBelíssima foto!!! Parabéns adorei!
Beijinhos

Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Digital Jewels e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!ciao Sonia ! Adoro borboletas ! Esta sua está divinalmente colorida ! 

Ótima a idéia! E essas cores ficaram um show!!
Bjinho e boa noite....

Show de bola.


grande foto.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado as beautiful as you want e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupLovely shot!Perfeita !!!Muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuita Cor!!

Excelente Terça Natureza!!
QUE ESPETÄCULO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Amiga não consigo uma borboleta ......que 'faço?
B oa terça querida 
B oa noiteLove the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Belissima!!!Seu registro está lindo... Um belo colorido!

PS - rsrsrs  não antecipei a quinta, eu chamei de quarta flower. É bom, porque eu não tenho nenhum por do sol para a quarta...

Abs...Feliz Quarta Sunset!
Lindas cores e linda foto!

lindíssima

as cores estão espetaculares

um quadro pronto para ir para a parede

[]sbeautiful butterfly...Lindíssima sua foto Sonia Querida!!
Realmente ficam mais coloridas...lindíssimo o link!!
Beijos em seu coração!!Excelente colorido. Una imagen muy bella.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado The Golden Bee (P1-C3) e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

Beautiful shot!Ótima idéia, vou à caça das borboletas no meu baú virtual de fotos, se conseguir alguma, posto ainda hoje, bjs.
Linda foto, of course.Congrats on Explore, Sonia!!Stunning image.......Lovely colors.
Nice DoF,details,lighting  and composition.
Excellent shot as always......Well done my friend !!!
&quot; Have a nice Wednesday Sonia quot;
 
This is AMAZING Please post to: 



FROM :  
&quot;FLICKR IDOL&quot; - Post 1 Award 5 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 5Preciosa borboleta... parabens pelo explore!Wonderful macro with great details.LInda demais! Momento único, parabéns!What a wonderful shot - good job.
b&gt;Precious photo!!
You are invited to post your photo to: 
 
?~?Flora y Fauna ?~? naturalmente belaaaaaaaa

o máximo amigaQue show de cores Ana, Parabéns!!!!!!!
=**
The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee Gallery
The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee Galleryfeliz quinta flor....

Inspire perfect of allah
The Golden Bee - P1/ A3
5+ Awards? please post to the Queen Bee GalleryToothpaste rarely makes a good dessert.Asparagus makes your pee smell funny, stick with celery!Are you sure it was my duck?Red rooster crow at midnight.Drugs are bad, mmkay?

*CRC*Africa, in the dead of winter.I'm strong to the finish cos I eats me spinachThe life of a tomato starts in a field.What's that buzzing noise? 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)( . ) ( . )

*CRC*We are looking for friends of the Shetland Sheepdog who want to be part of our team by contributing to this multi-faceted project.Another one for the library books.haha loony! But a cute one. You should consider posting your pic in this group :

www.flickr.com/groups/1345846@N23/What horrors lurk in the depths of this custard?Umm.. I just woke up, can't think of anything random, lol.. sorry. But I'll get back to you :)
Anyways I love this shot. You have the funniest expressions! :))

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Look at that pigeon in the strainer!Fun framing, love the intensity of the eyes!Jungle boy makes an appereance? Jungle girl might need his cooperation for a picture. What do you say Jungle boy?

Sincerelly yours

J.G.Snow is frozen rain.  Then is hail frozen snow?bend and snap!“If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking, you can throw a real grenade at themhappy birthday Mr Sasquatch!Peekaboo!Always a delight, congrats on the Explorehee hee; Explore neighbor...I saw that too!Let's make the vents flap on this thing!yummy taste like moron
 love this capture!!!!!!No, I want to swim with the giant gajumba. Hold on to their shell. The ones with the spiky faces, you idiot! They’re funwe're gonna see lions, only in kenya
got lions and tigers only in kenya.pizza is good !早安!
一早就能看見美圖,精神振奮起來.....
願大家都有美好得一天........[http://www.flickr.com/photos/tomliang/] 早安！大家都快樂的一天.你好，我是 Portrait of the World  群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！i lov her sweet shining smile!!! so natural, mutual and prettry!!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/62296319@N00/]

Long time no see! Thank you for your visit and insights.你好，我是 SUPER  Stylish 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！Spectacular black and white! and spectacular smile! incredible! love!Fabelhaftes Foto. Und ein sehr schönes Model. &lt;3 &lt;3 Gute Arbeit. &lt;3[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jordimolas/] Dear friend. Thank you for visiting![http://www.flickr.com/photos/yoko0/]

Liebe Freunde! Vielen Dank für Ihren Besuch. Hope haben Sie einen wunderschönen glücklichen Tag.軟的值得啦，拍到這麼好的角度！推~~~^^Nice b/w processI like these curves[http://www.flickr.com/photos/30665561@N08/]  阿金～下次你可以嘗試一下喔！

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/21028948@N07/]  [http://www.flickr.com/photos/activision/]  

Thank you very much. I have friends from afar. I hope you have a nice day!You look reallyreally cute.Excellent image! Nice colors, texture and tone.very beautiful shot!amazing as always!Oh,the color is divine. Beautiful texture.amazing!! LOVE!gorgeousThis looks like some fantastic painting!  So dreamy and surreal.  I always love your work.Beautiful shot Nichole, at least you got a dry day in our wet british weather.wonderful processinggreat shot. nice workgorgeous, love the RGB contrast!impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!
Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Best shot''you'', et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Thanks for your visit! I loved this photo!!Very nice shot.!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Art Net Contemporary Artists , et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe ♥Best Friends Group♥, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !It’s sparkled my heart,thanks for post

This wonderful portrait seen in ♥Best Friends!♥,
 Please INVITE you best friendsGéniale, cette capture...celui de gauche t'a repérée...;-)Beautiful capture! Well done.Awww, so cute!Very Very Beautiful &amp; lovelymignons comme tout... bien la musique !sooo cute compo beautiful!ohhh,what a beautiful capture !!How did you manage that they sit in such a perfect composition? :-)
A beautiful shot, my friend.
Have a great day, Mai!Lovely one@Funny idea for this title. its a lovely shot from this cute birds.de thuong nhung chú chim con!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unbelievably beautiful!!!!!!!très belle photoJe ne sais pas ce qu'ils regardent comme ça en tout cas ta présence n'a pas l'air de les ennuyer beaucoup ! superbe capture !tout mimi !! merci Mai c'est un petit bonheur merci !!! bisous  belle ta musique c'est mignon la petite fée , j'aime ce personnage !!Three lovely lovely lovely...
Thanks a lot for this nice photo...
helps me feel warm in this cold afternoon!!!Ils sont frigorifiés, mais il manque Dartagnan!Ah the little sparrows which one is named Edith!!Great composition!
Ba người.que perspectiva tan bonita.......las lineas verdes nos llevan al horizonte
Muy buena
para ti
www.goear.com/listen/0ae16a4/nothing-else-matters-lucie-s...Que bonita perspectiva! Excelente imagen! Me encantan los colores.
Saludos.preciosos colores,texturas,juego de líneas..muy bonita!Muy buenaVery Very Beautiful shotSeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Love these rock formations and a excellent shot. Have a good day and keep smiling.nice capture !Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5very niiice shoootSeen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Very cool rock formations. Great job on the compositionnice captureFabulous perspective here my friend!Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Fantastica composicion, vaya sitios mas chulos que frecuentas :)Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Great shot Nice Color !!!Awesome view ! lovely composition !Magnifique Photo...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love the rich colors and the POV, nice work my friend.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ~New Envy of Flickr!~ Invited Only - 1 post - 2 comment y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Splendid!!outstanding shot!What an amazing scenery. The colors and light are really superb. I love the marks on the rocks. Superb!



--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )How wonderful to have a bit of green in the picture!!Great perspective a great rocky scene.Great shot =) I like the colors and landscape !
--
Seen on flickriver.com ( ?² )
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Bella fotografía, excelente toma y edición


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very nice.Impresionante composición, me encanta.
Saludos.magica, no falta un solo tono de grisYo veo luces y sombras, aunque más luces, lo que nos dice que vemos, o deberiamos ver el vaso medio lleno. La composición es caótica, y eso me gusta, y la iluminación, todo un derroche de saber hacer.

Un besazo Silvia.impresionantes los tonos que hay en un blanco y negromaravillosa nena,mnkanta!!!Desde luego el blanco y negro es espectacular, es cierto que no falta ni un solo tono de gris y esa mano ahi, tan misteriosa...serenidad.....................# # # antolin-007, muchas gracias por tus visitas y comentarios, si es que eres un primor (u uno de mis contactos de más tiempo… un abrazo!!!

# # # Ariasgonzalo… qué gran observación y mejor descripción. Pues creo que tienes razón en muchas cosas, es de un momento de muchas sombras y quizás yo estuviera sumida en ellas, pero una gran luminosidad ante mi, de la que estoy disfrutando ahora.
Lo de la composición caótica, jejeje… eso me ha dado la pista de por qué me apetecía subir esta foto. Un beso es poco, dos, son de cortesía… así que, al menos tres, que dan más confianza.

# # # lara.viceversa, alguien me dijo una vez “me gustan los blancos, blancos, y los negros, negros” y en esta foto, eso veo yo y eso me gustó. Gracias : ))

# # # lavanenurse, me gusta lo de nena… Así que un beso nena!! 


# # # Juan J. Márquez, te parece misteriosa? Si es lo más definido y “realista”, pensaré en ello, tus comentarios aportan un nueva visión que plantearme. Graaacias!!!!

# # # CANDIÑO fotos, excepto por lo agitado de mi respiración, es cierto, estaba bastante serena y el blanco, ciertamente trasmite serenidad.la pose y el angulo de la toma está muy lograda, la imagen esta llena de ritmo y de texturas, por lo que la luz logra dibujar un ambiente uy significativo.
Saludos!Pues se ve que con tanto paquetico, no vi ayer esta foto. Pero creo que hoy tampoco la estoy viendo, porque no es de las fotos que pueda disfrutar en este monitor. Luego en la casa la recuperaré.

un besito.un abrazo guapa!  : )No sólo el b&amp;n, también me fascina el reencuadre que has hecho a través del recorte, tiene su ritmillo la foto, su movimiento o cadencia o como quieras llamarlo. El caso es que se deja leer una vez tras otra. 
besitos Silvia :***yo creo que es una foto con una enorme dificultad técnica, porque controlar esa luz no es nada sencillo. Por otro lado me confunde mucho, aunque el título lo aclara todo. Sin duda &quot;no es mi foto&quot; lo que demuestra claramente que mi gusto fotográfico, o mis apetencias en este momento, van a ritmos diferentes del sentir mayoritario.Fantastic composition and editing, the black and white conversion is spot on!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)impressive good!!!!

I love it, well done... fantstic job...

Congratulations for the explore... the shot deserves it!!!Estupenda toma... una fantástica nitidez y una luz muy acertada... me gusta...!!


Saludos amigo Nacho!!¿Ya teneis ahí la primavera?, ¡qué suerte!
La foto está preciosa. Me gusta la composición y ese fondo desenfocado.

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Que colorespues si, unas ganitas de que llegue la luz.... 

Saludos Nacho!!Qué bonita esta toma! Ya están así los árboles?
saludPreciosa toma y detalles.joer Nacho ya estan asi de bonitos,que ganitas tengo de que llegue la primavera,preciosas flores,un abrazo.¡¡ IMPRESIONANTE !!, color, nitidez, suavidad, bonita, lo tiene todo.

felicidades maestro.Lindos colores y contrastes!!!

Boa terça...Dedé.Que colores tan bonitos, muy nítida. Un abrazo maestro :)El contraste del azul y el rosa es encantador. Muy buena


¡¡¡¡¡ Vista en Salobreña Flickers !!!!!


/

¡¡¡¡ Pon 1 comenta 2 !!!! Prociosa toma, el color rosa del almendro almeriense siempre me ha gustado, aunque los blancos no dejan nada que desear tampoco...

saludosColor ,luz nitedez excelentes.Felicitaciones.     Un cordial Saludo.Dónde? Dónde?Maravilloso macro y coloresLos tonos y ese desenfoque son buenísimos. Saludos.Preciosa foto Nacho Me encanta el encuadre, color y luz El desenfoque es genial
Un abrazoMuy buena , felicidadesQue bonita¡¡ muy buena. Saludos. Marianque bonito detalle del almendro sobre el fondo azul
PRECIOSA
para ti Nacho
www.goear.com/listen/a59ca5c/nothing-compare-to-you-sidne...Jejejeje llego antes que la del Corte Ingles. Bellisima y delicada toma NachoVaya  que ya le damos al almedro  
Belleza de flor en invierno la primera que florece junto a la mimisa 
Esa diagonal llena de flor es exquisita 
Un saludoQue bonita, pero seguro que es de este año, no he visto aún ningún arbol en flor.
Un abrazoDivina Nacho ,tienes que subir más de esto y alternas con paisaje,se te dá de locura.SaludosPreciosa flor de por si. En la foto se realza dicha belleza gracias a tu buen trabajo Nacho. Abrazos.Estupendo encuadre, luz, color y texturas, ademas goza de un gran foco.Saludos.Fantastica toma con ese desenfoque y esa luzcon esta foto nos alegras el corazón y el espíritu. Mil gracias.Donde?, que voy para allá.Ya los almendros en flor, huela a primavera.

Preciosa, Nacho, está genial.

Un abarzo.Una nitidez genial. Un color genial y una foto en general, genial.Buena composición y
un color magnífico.
Un saludo!!Simplemente preciosa. saludos

¡¡¡¡¡ Vista en Salobreña Flickers !!!!!


/

¡¡¡¡ Pon 1 comenta 2 !!!! Siempre me han gustado los almendros en flor, y estas te quedaron preciosas, Felicidades..Una delicia de color Nacho.Espectacular Nacho ,magnífico contraste de colores ,estupendo desenfoque ,precioso trabajo amigo ,un saludo.Genial Nacho, te lo digo en serio, totalmente perfecta, tanto en composición, procesado y situación.
Me gusta el ángulo que has usado para la foto, muy correcto.
Un abrazo ;)Fantástico color, luz y nitidez. Muy bella la imagen... Saludos.Primavera Nacho con lo que esta cayendo !!!!!!
Excelente; nitida, bien compuesta, y con un colorido fabuloso.
Un abrazo desde la muy fria y lluviosa pero Vella Easo.Pura poesía, me gusta el contraste del azul del fondo, con el rosa de la flor.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado DazzlePix FLOWER Magic y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Awesome!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Da alegrìa ver las primeras flores que nos dicen que la primavera se acerca. Muy buena foto, Nacho !!!
Un abrazo, amigo.Que alegria de flores Nacho , a ver si llegan ya unos dias de sol... Precioso el desenfoqueQue bonitas son las flores del almendro una foto genialBonita y nítida esa flor del almedro.Hacia tiempo que no pasaba por tu galería y me encuentro esta gran foto.
Genial bokeh.
Después del duro invierno (aquí aún falta un poquito para que acabe), llega la hermosa primavera.
Salut!Sorprendida me dejas de ver ya florecer esos bellos almendros......después del temporal que esta haciendo por toda españa.
Preciosa edición
Un beso Nacho.Fascinada e ilusionada me dejas por la llegada de la primavera con esta foto. Es que hay muchas ganas!Una preciosidad la primavera que nos presentas Nacho. Un saludoYa  mismo la tenemos aqui...Ya se acerca. Una imagen preciosa. La composición que has hecho es estupenda. Me gustan los detalles, los colores y sobre todo, la luz y el dof.
Un abrazo.Sensacional captura y contraste de colores))Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Un encuadre perfecto. Saludos.

www.flickr.com/groups/ventana_a_las_fotos-window_to_the_p... /


Foto premiada con el inolvidable &quot;CARRETE&quot;
Fot awarded with the famos &quot;spool&quot;
VISTA EN :VENTANA A LAS FOTOS---- WINDOW TO THE PHOTOS, PON 1 COMENTA 4Es una preciosa postal de primavera, me encanta!!! Saludos.Una aproximación a esas flores muy lograda, nitidez, luz y color.
Preciosa primavera.
Saludos.Magnífica foto !!
Parece que quiere adelantarse la primavera.

Saludos. 


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/31273537@N06/3693922872/]nitidez,color y luz tiene todo, como siempre,muy buen trabajo ,un saludoBuenisimo el acercamiento,la nitidez y las texturas.Me gusta el tratamiento suave que has conseguido.
Salu2Preciosa toma, nitidez, color...luz....que voy a decir que no hayan dicho ya....es genial, un saludo..La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
¿Ya?.... ufffff!!! que suerte!!   Preciosas y con el añadido de ese contraste con el fondo!  ;O)Ahí estamos, buscando las primeras flores. Aún queda mucho invierno pero hay bastantes árboles que florecen en esta estación: avellanos, alisos, nísperos, sauces, fresnos... y por supuesto almendros. A esta altura no se crían, solo hay algún que otro ejemplar disperso. Me gusta mucho la foto. SaludosPreciosas flores Nacho. Qué buena luz y definición. Me encanta el contraste con el fondo. Un beso.Preciosa.muy bonitas  a mi hijo le gustaban mucho las flores de almendro se presento' al festval de Calafell con una de flores  de almendroBuena definición y color !I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Joéeee, Nacho!!!. Vaya macrazo..Qué delicado, lleno de detalle...Esos pétalos, con sus nervios y todo...Obra maestra, sí señor....Saludos, amigo..Muy bonito el bokeh de fondo, y en general, la gama cromática de la imagen.
Por cierto, creo que podré ir a Granada el día 20, así que hasta pronto, compañero.Absolutamente espectacular,  gracias por compartir tu trabajo!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Ya comienza de nuevo el color, la luz, la vida...

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Es tan hermosa como delicada... te ha quedado preciosa amigo.
Saludos cariñosos NachoUna imagen sublime con un detalle asombroso. El fondo desenfocado remata la imagen. Los tonos muy acertados y acordes con el título.
Saludos!Bellísima, Nacho. Es una delicia.Una locura de captura con una belleza que embriaga los sentidos amigo.
 Gracias Nacho por su amabilidad, un abrazo.
 En estos días andaré un poco por aquí y de nuevo me tendré que ausentar por otros días, pero encontrarme con la presencia de mis amigos siempre es lo mejor y agradezco sus palábrasMaravillosa!!lovely felling......oh great !!Superb..........!
--
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Non stiamo a pettinare le bambole contest Carnevale / Carnival, and we'd love to have this added to the group!first shot is excellent. very good exposureNice set of pictures!!Fabulous shots.
Excellent environment portraits.
Really nice images, dear Sir Naseer.wonderful lights and lovely compo sirha ha ha.. Dr. NO, papparazzi ayo!!!.. :P..1st one is nice..the exposure is perfect and the light falling on the skin gives a warm tone..Beautiful shots... i love the first especially for the light... I like the composition in both the shots...fantastic lights NO jibeautiful the way you can see the grass around him..all the detailsFantastic capture of the moment .Nice capture !wowgreat DOF....great lights on his faceindeed great shotthe first shot is great
great DOFBeautiful capture!b'ful contemplative mood. niceLovely captures !!! :))fantastic light on the first shotsuperb ..                       Many Thanks my dear friendsExcellent shot . Perfect lighting, exposure...:) nalla light..Well captured.wow! very dramatic~
like a movie scene;)Introspective shot. Nice use of lights there.great mood capturedNice shot.. who is this non domestic touristgreat catch !nice shot. good angle of compositionwas this candid or he like posed haha first looked like candid but 2nd was so posed nice light herefantastic capture........lovely mood lovely capture i like that blur backgroundLove the background.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful Capture... Especially using of natural light as radiance is marvelous... 

Excellent work Naseer Bhai..  

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excellent. Really great feel.veru beautiful light there . .superb light!Great capture NO!!!nice portrait,great lighting!really awesome!                    Thanks dear friends

@☆Mi☺Λmor☆ &amp; Sarun :)  Nope. I dont know him n he was just sitting there enjoying the sunset :)!!!good light... good frame...amazing capture........Nice capture!gre8 clickbeautiful shot.............................     Thanks my dear friendsBeautiful captures !!!:-)) nice oneNice shot, The lights in the first shot is excellent   Thanks dear friendsgreat shot...My pick is the first one!  Thanks dear friends :)Wow......First one: With a bottle of water... (Not identified which water or what whater..)
Second one: After having 'that' water... hehehe..:-)arulprakash  Thanks dear friends

@ $eny™ (Buzzzzzzzzy, will be back soon)  The only thing i Know is that he's a perfect Gentleman, enjoying the nature'[s beautyBeautiful skyThis is wonderful Sheldon, I bet you have lots of amazing stuff in your archives.  Love the simplicity in this one.  The lines and clouds make this one such a work of art.very good contrast
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Definately glad you posted this one Sheldon.  Love the comp, awesome lines and clouds.I'm happy to see this one too!  Great skyWhat a killer sky. I have to get over on the right side of Oregon and get out of these trees every now and then.

Very nice Sheldon!Well worth the &quot;chance&quot;... That is one of those &quot;sleeper&quot; shots that just won't leave you alone, and for a good reason!  Kick ass shot!Very well done Sheldon..Superb lines and colors..Such a crisp clean image..Fine work my friend..
You know one of these days we actually have to get out shooting..
Thanks for finding that secret location by the way..Great find..One of the best images I have ever seen - especially for converging lines - WoW!Very nice comp and colors. Love the repeating lines leading you to the deep blue! Thank you for finding the secret spot, Miles' said you are THE guy genious who can find anything :)Great patterns!those lines really take you into the image! great shotYup. Makes a lot of sense why this one would be kept on the shelf. ;)Great converging lines. Very cool shot Sheldon!Interesting sky really compliments the lines of the field, great shot Sheldon!Beautiful lines...I just love that golden color of the cut field.beautifulNice infinity point here Sheldon!

SSi feel like i'm being drawn right into this ... beautiful lines and colors.Stunning depth!! The leading lines are really great! The light and tones are wonderful!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful image.I like the simplicity and perspective of this one. The clouds are great. Nice shot!Simple and dramatic at the same time! The rows of wheat lead right to the amazing clouds- nicely done!the roll of the clouds to the left appears to &quot;lift&quot; up the land :-)
worth posting :-)Great shot !Wonderful sky, great lines and patterns!

ArpadAwesome sky and great light, the detail looks fantastic too :-)Great Color Sheldon!beautiful capture!It's a keeper! The hill on the left throws off the symmetry but its a sweet shot all the same.Thanks all! 

@Dave - I was a little bothered by the hill on the right too, but it was what I had to work with. The shot is actually looking up a moderately steep hill, which is what got the sky into the comp to begin with. 

@ Andrew &amp; Christina - Thanks! I'm glad you were able to share in the &quot;secret&quot;. Miles is always asking me to birddog some location or another. Google earth is my friend!   We do need to get out and shoot together sometime soon. Just shoot me a flickrmail and I'll try to make it happen.Superb work here! The composition is so good! Everything is great about this photo! Excellent work!Eye catching!Especially like the left side - how the sweep of the clouds mirrors the sweep of the land!Wow, striking image! This wouldn't have been on my shelf that long..it needs to be seen :)Those lines are just stunning Sheldon!  Those blue and gold colors compliment each other so well.  And when you have a sky like that, you just have to shoot it.  Great work my friend!!Love those contrasts - both the colors and the patterns of the land and sky. Very nice :)Way cool buddy - takes me right back to the Tri-Cities... Love the lines and the sky!!I like it!  It's a simple shot, but the lines and colors work well.Beautiful shot!great gold and blue gawgeousness sheldon!Pelangi2 alangkah indahmu, cantik dan good shot of rainbow.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flores, paisajes y más, and we'd love to have this added to the group!terbaik bro....mantap2...suke laa selepas hujan renyai2 tetiba dtg pelangi yg indahwaaaa... cantik!great moment!! cantik................pelanginya cantik sekaliwow... bertuah dapat shot pelangi.
cantik.Wonderful rainbow. great shot.Wonderful capture! 

Have a nice day!
Thats a very beautiful and colorful rainbow! Spectacular!!!! ; )Wonderful....
Excellent capturecuantik luar biasa om!!!Good moment, nice shot!--
Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 



Flores, paisajes y más

Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2
--
Seen in the group&quot;Flores, paisajes y más&quot; ( ?² )great snap!Lovely capture.&quot;ALLAH SEMPRE ESTÁ DO NOSSO LADO!&quot;

&quot;ALLAH IS ALWAYS ON OUR SIDE!&quot;

وعليكم السلام ورحمة الله وبركاته

...nice timing.Nice man, that was some pretty sweet light that morning..
I was wondering if you got anything for your efforts..
Love the motion and tone of the shot..Also like the detail in the stacks..Very crisp, beautiful colours and well-judged exposure!

ArpadThat's gorgeous Ryan.  The reds in the clouds look blown though.  I'm guessing it's just in the web version, but something to take a look at.  That foreground looks like somebody's stretching out some silk; just beautiful.  Awesome blend (?) on the stack too.Wow! This is stunning. The colors, exposure, scenery, etc. are all perfect!Great color in this one Ryan. It's a beauty. Thanks for log rolling video. That guy had skills. :)Awesome water motion!Thanks everyone. 

AJ, it's probably just this web version that is looking blown. The master file and a test print of this are both in check color-wise. There wasn't a whole lot of detail in that area to begin with though, so I'm sure that is attributing to the blown look. 

And this was a single exposure, no blend... that's why the blend looks so good ;)Awesome image Ryan! I was wondering why you'd never posted this one. Love the sweeping line of the waves and the rock formation is sweet too. Was this at high tide?amazing foreground!Thanks Shelnob. Yeah, this was at high tide, way high. Waves were crashing up about 4 feet onto the big hillside behind us.Ryan, this is some very good work :)   I am hoping to get to the ocean before I die when there is color............of any kind!Great shot, Ryan.  Love the lines those waves created, leading right.  Like the simplicity here, with the ocean and sky really making a rock sandwich.  mmmm...sweet shot ry, that was a fun morning!great shot,amazing color Seen in Mountain Trail Photo
That is some nice light there... and very bizarre rock formations. They make a good subject, though.nicely long exposure !!great soft color tones
nice and smoothGreat detail in the stacks Ryan.  Hillbilly olympics eh?  LMAO!!!!  Beautiful shot!dig those tones man! the streaks are what really make the pic thoFine work......I'd have to say the color is nearly perfect in all aspects.

Please share your shot at the Love It group: Love It Post 1/Always Comment 5!
  Wonderful place and stunning shot!!Wow Ryan.....amazing light.  You almost have me ready to book my flight.  ;)  How's June for weather in your neck of the woods?beautiful! love the colors and flow of water, amazing!Very cool shot bro.  I love the dramatic look of the water against the rocks.  Well done. :-)Thanks everyone!

Megan, the weather is awesome in June, plus the Columbia River Gorge is lush and green with the foliage that starts to sprout in May, lots of great waterfalls to shoot. The coast however isn't prime in the summer months. The marine layer starts to move in most evening right before sunset which tends to block all the good light. Winter is actually best for the coast. 

If you actually happen to make it out this way shoot me an email, I'd be happy to show ya around.Sweetness!   


The reflected colors of the sky in the streaking water is fantastic.  Awesome comp.   You did a great job in showing detail in the rocks which would typically be silhouetted.Amazing photo. CongratulationsVista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Was waiting for this post! Just as you say in your description, great lines in the wave to match the sky, gorgeous!Vista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Photographer Award! (Invite Only ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!So magical and so soothing, ... love it!Minimalista y eficaz. Gran fotografia con unos muy buenos valores de colorVery simple and beautifully composed!! The light and tones are perfect

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!very wonderful ..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Vista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)
Just beautiful Ryan!Fantastic shot and some really beautiful colors!beautiful colors!  i especially love the color of the water/wave in the foreground.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)AwsomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow ....



wowowo !Wow, stunning image :)Ryan, love the colors and exposure of this shot.Vista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)
What a shot !Great lines on this. Very cool shot.Seen in Mountain Trail Photo
Spectacular
Excellent - well done!
 *Free N A T U R E*

Spot on tones.I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.astonishing

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Outstanding image, nicely shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very beautiful colors and hues!

Excellent - well done!
 *Free N A T U R E*

Sublime. Nice hot and cold hues and a dreamy wave indeed. You needed to pay the nature tax of wet boots for this one :)I'm so glad I found your stream! This I'd have on my wall, floor to ceiling. :-) Wonderful shot!magnifique j'adoreNice effort.It paid off! :)Boa malha. Hoje parece que é o dia das florzinhas :-))Linda composição.Magnífica composição!!!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE award THREE / SWEEPER ON! e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

Linda captura!! Muito bonito o pormenor das florinhas:))deve ser já da primavera! boa foto.Muito gira! parece que a primavera chegou em força á Ponta da Erva :-))Wonderful detail Antonio!Oih que beleza. 

Numa pose bem diferente dos habituais postes.

Seen in www.flickr.com/photos/56541100@N00/friends/Lindo e numa composição magnífica!!!Belíssima foto!Muito bem está todo floridoah a lovely shot!
Seen in GlobalBirdTrekkers

Open:
Theme of The Week * Photo Contest#16
Vote:
Photo Contest#15Muito bonito!

Adorei por ser uma foto diferente!Lovely composition !!! Beautiful !!!Muito bem , esta pegado no seu ponto, estaba camuflado.Muito fixe!
I saw this amazing shot in Feathers+Beaks=Birds 

~Thank you for sharing!~: Feathers+Beaks=Birdsfantastic!

 The Nature Group

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Love the contrast here.  There's a sense of tranquility in this shot.Wonderful!! Instant fav!!love a good bike shot!great view and bokeh!great shot!Mark! This is just great! I have to get out with my Yashica... might just do that this weekend.wow....luv the bokeh u changed your name ;)dof is cool!What a composition. Really really good.great little off camber view. love going through your HK shots, such a fab place, and wonderful feel to then through film. Thanks for sharing!nice one bro!!!sweeet&hearts;
this is so cute!I just love this. So sweet and simpleadorable. I can't think of another word for it.Pretty.
Savethank you all! so glad you like it :)
i blogged about it this morning.did you blog this honey? ;)

its cute but not for a save

-Voted &quot;deleted&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)This is just personal I guess, but I absolutely do not like that shade of blue. Now if it were a cornflake in the shape of a heart I might reconsider :-)

-Voted &quot;deleted2&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)great shot, Hon!

saved2!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=9854618...yes. very yes.

-Voted &quot;saved3&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)This is incredible !
How beautiful, simple, and imaginative.
: )
Congrats on Front Page Explore!Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22687

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)How do you come up with these creative ideas? Is it something that hits durring your day or do you &quot;plan&quot; the shots.superb shotso simple but rli amazing :)OMG...love this. Simple and beautiful and full of goodness.  Congrats on FP explore!love it...

saved4I like this! :)This is pretty damn good Honey.H

-Voted &quot;saved5&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)wow!! i love this!! so simple yet amazing at the same time!!! &lt;3 thisNice honey would love to have a print of this in our kitchen.  xo
saved6I absolutely love simple, clean shots like this- awesome! Congrats on FP, well deserved!so swee)This is a Wonderful Image!
We'd love to have this added to the group!
We'd like to invite you to join Focused In on Photography too!


Focused In on Photographycute!!

Seen on FluidrPlease join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;some of what smoothdud said

deletedLove it sook cute I have been pretty depresed so it made my day : )Love it sook cuteold idea, boring composition, never get back to it

deleted3Nice. Can you tell us how the lights were set up please?&lt;3Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

Gorgeous!yeah!

savedlovethis :D
so perfect.awesomethank you all for the sweet comments! this image has been added to my shop...and for a limited time use the code FLICKR and enjoy a  20% discount on everything there! :)Nice! Great idea!

It even made me briefly consider eating something healthy :)You did such a great job. The baby blue color rocks.جميله جدا

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]I won't eat breabfast in the same way.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Shannon.Very creative, simply splendid capture.Very cuteSo cute...good job!The cheese is strong with this one. 
savedWhat a cute idea!love savedHONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEee!!!!!!

HELP ME..............................xHi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Things, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great take!!Cute, I love anything to do with hearts! Good idea. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.So simple and beautiful, and clever! Faved. Seen on Explore, congrats.awe... I love the layered element of the photo. = )Great Composition
---

Perfect!Lovely!!Hey...Brilliant and very well done.

Congratulations!

Your photo has been deemed worthy by DMU.

Feel free to move this over to The FOLIO.I Heart your photo!! It's awesome!!!Lovely and simple.love!Aww, this is very cute! I love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!@P.M. Mar i was making my daily bowl of yogurt and granola and was inspired by the upcoming holiday--valentine's day :) 

@Jiri Voldan lighting was natural :) 

the rest of ya'll, thank you so much :) :)that mean love so simple, but its a big gift........so sweet....!!!cute!so great!!!cool!!!

Seen on FluidrVery creative. LovelySweeeeeeeet :)OOOH I want to eat breakfast with you!Thank you for answering my Question about the lights. The picture looks so perfect that I thought you spent a lot of time setting up the lights :-)Félicitations ! Très belle photo, vous êtes invitée sur
Congratulations ! Beautiful picture, you are invited on
~~Regards de Femmes~~ 

Post 1, Award 3Oh wow!  This is perfect in every way!  I &hearts; it!beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Congrats on explore!LoveXehersimple sweet and to the point....

--
http://www.facebook.com/ (?)I Hart You too!bueno, tampoco la has subido &quot;tan&quot; big :)

aún así es alucinante verla en grande.. aunque si te soy sincero, casi la hubiera preferido sin desenfoques tilt ni nada de eso. totalmente enfocada, todo con su detalle y bien en foco.

ahora a sacarla más.  y a hacer retratos!Thanks for putting up the large version. I really enjoy it a lot. :)The large version is really grand.Impresionante. Qué vista tan espectacular y qué tonos. Se agradece poder verla en grande y me encanta ese efecto tilt-shift. No obstante y si me admites la sugerencia subiría también la misma panorámica sin dicho efecto, estaría bien verla solo por curiosidad.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)what phenomenal fall off, I know it's not quite the same but i just stepped up to MF and am going crazy waiting to see what came out.  the newness of a different format and style is so exciting, i can only imagine how going to a 4x5 must feel. and i'll admit i've been looking at the larger formats since i got the mf, it's like a drug.  haha.  excellent photo.Toma ya!!!!!yay! Welcome to Large Format! Never look back!This is GORGEOUS!Wow, superb. Beautiful coloursReally well done.  I'm planning on buying a 4x5 for the same reasonamazing quality indeed, bravoSuper sickk photo... amazing 4x5'rVirgen santa el detalle de las casas... Te has superado. Cómo te envidio... Y yo ahí la mía y sin tocar... ¿Al final la has hecho en modo tradicional? Trípode y mirando por el ground glass y todo? :) Impresionante.stunning!!!Has sacado una foto excelente de mi ciudad.

Enhorabuena!wonderful!

Seen on FluidrGenial Edu. Leyendo el comentario de mi tocayo me han entrado ganas de verla sin el tilt.this is so gooooooood!~IM-presionante. Me alucina.

¿Y cuántos megabípsels dices que tiene ese chisme?Me encanta.Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Genial vista!

precioso trabajo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Un gran trabajo. Me encanta.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)davvero bello l'effetto miniatura

Preciosa!!!Yes big is beautiful. Surperb cityscape. Superb photography.Ya iba siendo hora de darle un poco de alegría a esa pedazo de cámara! 

Yo tengo ganas de ver una a pié de calle. ¡Eso sí que va a ser impresionante!4I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comThank you so much for your support, I am so happy with such a massive input!

Hope to get back to the terrace with a longer and sharper lens in some weeks, I promise I won´t shift it to get plenty of detail.A lo grande se vive mejor.   ;-)

Added to SeekingAwesome Capturey ahora es cuando confiesas que son 8 fotos de la holga  montadas en fotochón a lo panoramica?Great shot!Wonderful!!Congratulations! 

This image was voted top 25% in group PhotoVotr by www.photovotr.com users.

Vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.com!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Large Format - Big Scans Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!you really do need to see this big. can't wait to see more!Beautfiul colours, nice DoF!pretty coolbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]El nivel de detalle viendo en grande es una gozada!! Igual me quedo a la espera de la siguiente con todo enfocado.incredible plate and beautiful lighting captured.Absolutely incredible. I downloaded the large version to simply stare at later =]Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.Congratulations, welcome to the club ;-)I love the colors!Hey good to see you back (again) Safama!
A great shot as always, like the hair motion =)another pretty catch.. =D
nice expression..really good one..You always find the nice girls in the crowd !Yeah, I agree! :)great streetshot !!!
i love the focus on here !!!WOW....great Pic....The light on her face is magical! Good to see you back!hot! hot!Very nice!yeah she's bummed out....she is perfect 4 this title!you captured her expression very well. good shot!背景に落ちる冬の夕暮れ色が
女性のアンニュイな表情を引き立ててて
何とも言えない世界を作ってるね！
すばらしいよsafamagic!!

ててて。wow, i love the beautiful light in her hair!
will be on FP soon:)good eye!
stunning light!Love the contrast of warm tone and her melancholy and infinite sadness..The title is fitting!!seems I missed your comeback
great as usual
fantastic candid, my friend

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )What a sad face.. love the light! :-)beautiful girl.Wow! Love that lighting! Great job on this capture!stunning!!強い表情ですね！こういう雰囲気に横ライティングがぴったりです！素晴らしいです！　:DLove that light on her face....awsome Safama!good catch!FP! FP!! FP!!! :) Congratulations!! It's a wonderful shot! 

Your Front Page photos can be found here.coolCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3832182...shes on a missionWell deserved frontpage explore!

woo, so fast, FP again, cool man
you have great eyes on the beauty on the street!congrats on the explorecongrats on Explore....
Interestingexcellent capture!Explore~love the light play on the face..
just nice!Beautiful catch!  I love the back lighting in this shot too.  Great work!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)bellaVery good shot !

Seen on FluidrMuy buena toma felicidades.Just beautiful. I love this. Great moment. Great feel. Great capture, And congrats on the Explore !omg i don't know how many FPs you aligned here, but it's so constantly splendid to the point it's getting very logical. well done Safama!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!great shot!! &amp; welldone for FPAbsolutely perfect! :)congrats on explore #10Nice catch, looks like in the movie scene!Alone in kyoto... Airnice light and composition!title fits well
great shotすごい・・・人を撮ることに関しては、もはやsafamaさんには
誰も敵いませんね。great shot!!Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Superb shot once again!great Safama as usualnice one, great shot!brilliant you got art from among triviality This photo see In :



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Great take - congrats on FP!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

Love the depth in this shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called Guerrilla Street Fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great street shotbrilliant candid work!Great candid! Depicts a strong feeling of being alone, in the middle of a crowd.This is just lovely.COOL!!!!!!!!!!!


_ _
www.that-that.ruBella, molto espressiva. Complimenti.i like it!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dcool!!Nice timing with the light.

Seen on FluidrGreat shot!!Beautifulcompliments!!!!
very impressive but you deserve it!
:-)))Dosen't look like a melancholy person...looks a spoiled girl who didn't get what she wanted.
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comGreat shot!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.kawai girls shot!!!!Nice capture!Awesome! Great shot!So sweet. Love the idea.
HBM!!Wow!
Perfect image, Christina!
I love it..Love this!!! Your shoes/legs pics are fantastic :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Sooo lovely idea! Love the processing and the socks :)haha ppl relax on holiday but u turned ur hotel into a mini studio :) now thats a pro photographers work :) good oneHahah...yes Dinesh..lol.. that room was overloaded with clothes and props and girly stuff!!!! At one time the room service came...and that guy must have had a shock but he only showed a stoneface..like &quot;I have not seen anything strange in here&quot; kind of face.... that was SO much fun and a bit embarressing :-)Lovely bench monday :)
I love those socks, they are a cute!!Very cool shot!great start in a new week!!
wonderful

B Square -- You know you want to!Sehr süß und sexy . &lt;3 wie immer, eine kreative Idee  =) Gute Arbeit. &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 ~ yokoso gorgeous!!CuteI just HAVE to fave all your images... They are all so good.. The way you process these is just fantastic.... :)  Love love love them... Great abstract composition here.... 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hey Christina,

Så din kommentarer - og din photostream - wow! Fantastisk stil. Du har virkeligt mange rigtigt gode billeder her

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)HBM!!!! Lovely bench!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Woow! Cool socks!! I would  like these socks, but I could not find anywhere.

HBM!:)I love this! The processing is amazing. And the socks are so stilish!wonderful idea! ♥ooh la la! Gorgeous shot! HBM!Such a sweet shot, Christina.. your friend is lovely! HBM...
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )adorably cute, hbmSo cool!!!! 
This shot is so lovely!!
HBM!
Saw in
L'amour pour le vintage 
Thanks for sharing it!Wonderful shot.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I looove this shot!!!!
Really  terrific.Wow! Christina you ROCK! HBM!super....hbm...x
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love this!So sweet....love this Christina!oooh love this!! so cute!! HBM!ahw very lovely! HBM!WOW Beautiful capture.It's very lovely! Wonderfull!LOVE this darling...so creative.Love!!!!! sweet tones...HBM!!!Love this!  Great socks!!  HBM!so cute!   love this ~ as usual.....beautiful and creative!Very Nice!Love it...... right out of a movie, very classy! HBMcute shot - hbm xthis is so good! I love it! looks like from the 60ies. :)Very cute for bench monday!  Very creative.OMG!! Love it!!!♥♥♥ Fav!!

HBM!Wonderful! hbm!super sweet!  love it!  HBM!WOW, this is adorable!!! HBM! Nice props and love your cute outfit &amp; Socks!!!!

Niiiceso cute!! love your socks!! hbm! :)I ♥ rhis, so cute and pretty! HBM!!!=)Looooove your socks! 
Great edition...
HBM ;))love this!  HBM!Fabulous ;)

HBM!Love it! HBM!Happy Bench Monday. Love her socks.cute...hbm!!!:)Excellent way of executing the expressions with the body language Brilliant work  Christina :)very cute!!!you are so good! Christina! really beautiful faved and loved!very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ahhh how cute:) it's just perfect my friend!cute!! love it!looks like it'd make a fab boudoir shotLovely!!! love the socks!Oh Cute :-)fabulous outfit (;Superb shot, great compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful!!!! Hbm!Very well done, it's beautiful! ♥ Have a wonderful week!HBM!
Congrats on Explore! :)Great bench monday!!Dam nice garderCongrats, on Explore #2
:)perfect one........another fascinating shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Top Ten - Invited Members Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely :DGreat pic!  HBM!!!  =)Fantastic ^^stunning!i really like the style!Perfectly composed, love everything about this shot especially the stance :)So lovely !Lovely bench monday shot.Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

molto bella la composizione e i colori

lovelySexy composition.precioso explore...HBM!!very niceI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comhey dat photo is really cool. i like it very much its really unique.
Keep it up buddy!!!!!!wow, perfection! congrats on explore, how exciting :)
you deserve it!superb!!

Seen on FluidrWow - I love the processing and the composition! Great image.

Seen on FluidrWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DNice Capture I love the compositionvery nice composition!original shot and work, seen on explore :-)Fantastic! *_*Great idea! Love this! Good work!This photo provokes such emotion in me. 
Congratulations on a well deserved #3 on Explore.
Have a great Tuesday!
--
Seen on GetExplored--
Seen in Flickr Top Ten 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Top TEN - Solo per Membri Invitati&quot; ( ?² )Really nice idea, I love the tones and the heart! Well done on #1 explore :-) 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.nice shot.  Well done.beautiful cut!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Estou sem palavras...Lovely corner... I love cups, mugs, ... so much :)De cuento!!!

Vista en: Color and Colorssweet!
--
http://us.mc540.mail.yahoo.com/mc/welcome?.gx=1&amp;.tm=1265650219&amp;.rand=efcdjit4n3fnh (?)lov love love :)This looks so lovely! I especially adore the heart garland! Come over to my flick side! There is a picutes of another heart garland!What a sweet area!  Thank you for sharing the photo!Assim é cada de boneca?!tão linda, doce e romântica...Cute, and splendid!masterful
 Your stunning 'scape was seen in Absolutely Stunning 'Scapes **INVITE ONLY**. Thanks for sharing. Please tag your photo with AbsolutelyStunningScapesCongratulations your wonderful photo
made it to the Admin favorite thread!
so sweet! congrats on Explore!Gorgeous!Que cantinho mais lindo, adorei tudo.How often do you have to clean this corner within a week ???woow amazing :DPrecious! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Lovely...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ Decoration, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Sweet....... Adore the heart and cuteeee socks! HBMso cute. love her socks and boots!!yay for valentine's day edition. :)
hbm!This is so sweet!! Love the wreath :-)Very cute!so cute!! i love your outfit maegan! :)preciosa!!..HBM!!

--
Visto en el grupo&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)So cute!Happy early Valentines day!! 

HBM!!super cute and festive...Happy Bench Monday!Love it! HBM~cute :)addorable!  hbmcute valentines wreath - hbm  xCute!!! HBM!HBM! :) And Happy Valentines! Adorable shot! (love those socks)SOOO cute!adorable!  hbm!Oh! This is soooo sweet!Oh that is just ADORABLE!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love it:-)
HBMadorable!  love the colors.  hbm!amazing red here.cute!!!!  hbm!so cuteSuch a sweet benchmonday!Awesome composition, so cute!Cute!
I love the heart.Super adorable bench shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)OH!! I love this!!!!!! To cute...HBM!!!!so super sweet.... I love the love....HBM.So cute and sweet !!!!So fun!! Our Bench Monday shot for today (haven't processed yet) has a little heart wreath too! Super cute!Adorable work for Valentine's day !!!!  :)To you as well! Lovely!So cute...love everything about it!Same to you - HBMso cute, I love your socks!!!Love it! HBM!lovely capture!  HBM!Love this &gt; HBMOMG!! Love it!♥♥

HBM!Love it..HBMPerfect!! Love it!V Day perfection!  HBM!this is very very cute!Darling!!! Love it all!

HBM!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

♥♥♥love this!  soooo sweet.  happy v-day to you too!  &hearts;

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)happy valentine's bench monday to you...this is really, really cute!!!!!:)So cute! HBM!Oh my goodness.... cutiest of the pa-tootiest! You have the legs of a teenager! ;)--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
Great composition!
Happy bench monday!Beautiful! Super lovely!could not be any better!really cute idea!AHH, i love the red.  this is fantastic with the boots and the skirt!So sweet!
HBM!So precious - love the wreath :) !!!!!!!!!!too darn cute~
HBM!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great wreath!! So sweet. I was thinking I had one more week, but Valentines is Sunday...so my Valentine version will be a week late..LOLso pretty, hbm. x.ahhh how cute:) love it!adorable!this is just darling!Perfect! HBM!I so love that red!!! HBM!This is way cute.This is too cute!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )adorable~!soooo cute !!!beautiful! love the shape of her legs!soo cute! hbm :)love it~ HBMcute cute cute...it's perfect, hbm!And what a lovely edition!Very cute!  Love this a lot!  Happy Valentine's Day and Bench Monday to you!!!  =)So cute!!! From your socks to the heart wreath...it's all adorable!
HBM!Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Nice. Can you tell us how the lights were set up?Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

Beautiful!felicidades por el HBM..explore!!!lovelyWow !! This is perfect valantine gift friend !
Excellent work !
Have a great day my Friend !Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dlove the compositionNice!i love this shot so much!Ferry biutyfullHi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Things, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so great!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very cute and fun! i love your photos!Adorable!  A favorite.  :)Ha!  I love it!  HBM!So awesome - love the boots :) !Haha.. you did this without a remote?! How many time did you jump up and down!?! I'm glad you did it...this is a wonderful photo!This made me smile! I love the boots.Super good shot! Instant fave!! :)HBM!! This is great!Yes, yes, yes I love it ! HBM !omigosh this is so wonderful. so sweet and domestic.
just lovely.Oh I love this!!
Perfect composition.Love it! Great kitchen:-D HBM!stunning!! a perfectly lit shot, molly!Such amazing color and tones.....dates with your little...priceless!wicked cool shot!  love it, hbmadorable! hbm!OMG this is adorable and what a great kitchen,,love thisHBM my friendNice clean kitchen! HBM!A-MAZING light + tones! what a dreamy kitchen you have. . . sweet boots too! HBM!!!!!!!!!!!HBM - love the light...and the boots are adorable!!!Super fun bench shot!  I love your boots.  And how sweet your son brought your flowers!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Pretty kitchen!

HBM!

I've got the same coffeemaker working really hard as I type.You are adorable!love this!  hbm!Lovely colors:-)
HBMreally, can you get any cuter?
i'm in looove with that butterfly dress and polka dot boots.♥
nic is very inspiring. :)♥ahhh so stunning! the shot, you and the colours. love it.
you must have run so fast onto the counter to get this.... high 5!!!
hbm! x.Love it....... such pretty light, sweet boots and I really love the distance between you and the camera! HBM*weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee* OMG... you are the cutest to do that!!! :)))

awe.... thank you,  thank you, thank you! i LOVE this, molly!

YOU are freakin' cute! *mwah* xoxo...You have such a clean kitchen...I love this shot....beautiful shot..
HBM.Beautiful! The light and colors are so pretty! HBM!!!=)muy buena idea! preciosos colores!great kitchen, looks like a model home! HBMfantastic bench monday!  
love the colors....love the kitchen!wow , this is super fabulous!  the perspective and all the white with you in the center with the backlight.  awesome!  love those boots btw.  HBM!adorable!love your butterfly dress - happy bench monday  xamazing light! hbm!this makes me happy!Molly!  This is my fav. bm shot so far today!  I just love the colors, the tones, the light.  I can't fav this enough!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)LOVE this!! Such a cute shot. Love the light and your outfit! Fun! HBM!!This is wonderful! I love the tones and those baby blue boots!So niceeeeeee!! Love the kitchen!♥I love your treatment!!!!!!  I think you're adorable too!  Great shot :)this is SO awesome molly!! beautiful light &amp; tones!! hbm! :)cuteness! I want the boots ;)super cute!  love the vintage feel :)Beautiful shot!HBM! My favorite of the day, pretty lady!very cute! i love anything vintage:)AHHAAHAHAHHH... Insane!too fab... I must do one of these shots one of these days... maybe today...Too cute!


Seen in  Bench Monday
Super sweet ... love those boots and your tidy little, bright kitchen!! Love it!This is such a beautiful shot.molly. this is beautiful. you are my bench queen. and i love your dress!this is so pretty! what fabulous light and colors!Adorable... love your rain-boots...

HBM!HBM! you are fabulous and i heart your boots!!oh man! i love this!!!!!!!!suuuper cute!  All these soft colors are fab!AHHHH, ARE you kidding me?  I could not love this shot more!  holy cow, Molly, this is FP material lady!FABulous!!!! HBM!ha! this will go straight to FP, molly... i know it! ;)Molly this is really cute...Your kitchen looks SO BIG in this...wow!!!!!!!!:)  love it!!!:)  hbm!!!:)Love it! HBM!love your boots, HBM!i just love this shot molly - had to make it the photo of the day over at the maternal lens - thank you for the inspiration. xoHey look, it's a clean kitchen, and I can't figure out where you'd be hiding the mess in this one. 
This shot rocks my socks, I love how bright and cheery it is. 
Yay for being the photo of the day on the maternal lens, that's exciting!
You're too cool. 
HBM!YOU are the cutest!! This is sooo lovely...that light is so yummy too.oh! this is sooooo very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is so wonderful!  i absolutely love it.
and you did this without a remote?  amazing!thanks everybody!  :-)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jodimckee/] - yeah, i was hustlin' to get up there.  you'd think after 9 months of bench monday's i'd invest in a remote!Love everything about this - the boots, the light!  HBM!Back for a second look. And I agree with kellie!beautiful shot!
HBM!!!Hey Molly!!!:)  I just saw this in the Explore pages...it better be on the way to FP...if not, then I'm protesting!!!!:)Totally adorable...love the pov and your boots are soooo darling! 
Awesome Bench Monday shot!this is fantastic! i love it!TOTALLY love this!!! Really wonderful. :)This is wonderful!!! Beautiful light and love the tones! HBM!!i love this - your boots are incredible!Superbly shot and fantastic treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is so amazing! I adore the processing. Great job!such a nice picture!! i would print it and put it on my wall.. :)You are truly awesome! I want to bow in your honor!I always love your bench monday's. :)love this! what a fancy kitchen! HBMI love this BM!
HBM!
Congrats on explore!Nice! Colortone is good as well.perfect balanceomg...fantastic!  I love your kitchen!  hbm!No that's an awesome bench Monday!Oh my, I just know my daughter is going to be taking pictures of herself up on the kitchen sink next Monday. Very cute!!LOVE this!!!  =)  You are awesome.  That's all I have to say about it.  =)  HBM!!!  (oh yeah, and I do want to also say congrats on Explore!!!  WOO HOO for YOU!!!)This is the sweetest thing ever!!!! I love this.  Your boots are precious, the dress is adorable, and I love your simple, clean kitchen.  I'm even more impressed that you did this without a remote.  Well done!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Home&amp;Decor, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just saw this as #1 on the Explore calendar for Monday!  =)  YAY!!!  I took a screenshot of it in case you want to see it!  =)  Congratulations!  =)those wellies are LOOOOOVVEEE...Lovely and SO sweet!beautiful color
&quot;Flickr NumberOne&quot;
 
www.flickr.com/groups/numbertwo;
You too join this group !!!!!
*(Post 1 Award 1)*
Great Shot !!!what a great idea - love ithihi, very cute ;) !!!I couldn't love this more! From you super cute outfit to your super adorable kitchen...it's all just so sublime and lovely! 
LOVE it!!! HBM!wonderful shot, great tones and light

Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Beautifulllll!!!
Lovely light and sweet colours :D

Tuscany, Provence, sunny Greece, joyful life and olive trees
You are invited to add this beautiful image in this new groupthis is fabulous!Dear Molly,
Amazing! 
Congratulations on Explore!
Have a great Tuesday!
--
Seen on GetExploredLove this shot..

there seems to be a thing for this type of show right now..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Like a movie in Colors, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is fabulous!  love it!  hbm!This is adorable. And I agree that Luzia is so cute too!  I love the dress and can't believe you haven't worn it! It's gorgeous!!!OMG how the heck did i miss this... AWESOME!!!I'm back to stare at this....I could not love this more and wish I could do a TILT with just this image....that would be weird though and some might think I was wishing it was mine if I did that.....and I do wish my legs were that long....Very Cooltoo cute!!!  you have the cleanest kitchen!!  HBM![http://www.flickr.com/photos/kelliehatcher/] - lol, thanks.  it is the lens... and a high waisted dress.  :-)

thanks everybody, all the attention is exciting!  and to think, i almost didn't upload this.  :-)too nice!!!
It is so funny!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)My goodness - This is absolutely fantastic!

And, I totally love your kitchen!So, so creative!  I love this perky shot.  How darling you are!  Love your sweet kitchen!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)and you saw this on tml website right?  It was their only post yesterday....you are famous.I can see how having everything in reach from one stand point would work..Congratulations !!!
Your wonderful photo made it to the

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !!!
_______________________________
I saw this in: 

 Home&amp;Decor
_______________________________Oh! Cute again!Love love love this!The only thing missing is the yellow rubber gloves. haha!  Absolutely LOVE this capture.  Ethereal colors!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I Love Your Kitchen, and we'd love to have this added to the group!please come over an organize my kitchen!!!!
love thisGreat shot! This has a wonderfully funky feel!You're getting braver Michael! Excellent close up catch, difficult shot to get.Wow - he has a crystal ball in his hand. What the hell is going on there?

So many different looks going on here. I love the guy with his head leaning to one side. 
The tube/metro brings us too close to other people - we are not comfortable with it, that invasion of our comfort zone. 

I like the B+W!


Have a good week my friend!Really neat. Saw a guy like this in Geneva doing amazing tricks with the crystal ball. The lighting in this shot is wonderful. What I also like is the image withing the crystal ball. Well done.nice one :-))Excellent life shot -BRONCOthat is already something! composition, thrill and the story  - all in there!Excellent capture.Special things going on and you were there, right time, right place...Awesome shot!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Excellent photo,this is a story teller Michael. great photo!very nice shot        

 
Rated RAW by the RAW Street Photography group
(comment &amp; give RAW logo to 5 - 10 images for every 1 post)Really special shot this Michael. Braver than me to grab a shot in such a tight space. Am always afraid I'll upset people by pointing a camera at them so have to use long lens. What a result. Well done.superb street - a candid moment almost formally composed - you can guess the expressions of the two faces that are hidden, the woman and the child - and then there's the two in the supporting cast who miss it all, the straphanging man, and the woman reading - absolutely magnificent work MichaelInstant fav!!!! i love so much the metro shots!!! is fantastic!!! great history here!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )fortune teller, great candid!What's he doing there! Haha, funny catch!
 
Rated RAW by the RAW Street Photography group
(comment &amp; give RAW logo to 5 - 10 images for every 1 post)bizzare:)
nice, tight frame!What a scene! Great shot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )That's great!!Great shot!Brilliant! What a magical commute you have!That's me every morning.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I can't stop seeing this :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

BIG !!!!!!   FAV !!!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Brilliant Shot….!!!!!!lol awesomelol, crystal balls are everywhere in London, superb catch :-)Very interesting shot, is he a tube performer?So you have performers in the Tubes too :)  He seems a little cramped for space.  However, you've put him into sharp focus and given him a special kind of magic that is probably lacking in person.  Great catch!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)  Dom, Michael.. no he isnt a tube performer..  just a commuter but with obvious future ambitions.....Stunning!great film and picture!!! !Nice!contact juggling on the bus!!!!  awesome catch!!!amazing workkk !!!
seemsss Sylvester Stalloneee !!!hahaha awesome capture Michael !! :D
im really wondering what this man smoke, too !! lolloh  this is good great storytelling moment quick reactions great shot !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Candid Revelations, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great shot Michael. so much to look at...!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Candid Relations, and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfect Michael

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Thanks for posting this to the group!
Seen and admired in.....
The Inspiring Photograph

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Inspiring Photograph&quot; (?)love shooting there!
Nice capture!Love this scene. The subway fortuneteller :-)This is really great!what could I add more...
So incredible situation captured.
Bravo....and grazie ;)Cool capture of action on the tube.No matter what the hell is going on in the subways, there will always be the people that are simply not paying attention to it. What on earth is going here! And how come everyone isn't transfixed by it! But my favorite part here is the child in the background, we can't even see his face, but he lets himself be most transfixed : )

This is bizarre and wonderful!I've seen some 'things' on the tube, but this is the wierdest. I'd love to know what this is about. What's the story, Michael? But then, I think, perhaps, it's better if I didn't know - make up my own story...wicked witch of the tube!  nicely caught.wow, great catch! 
So cool when something out of the ordinary happens like this, making the trip not feeling so much as the everyday drag.
Fun to see the people so desperately trying not to look!;)Great work ..... super composition, great subject !

Seen and admired in
 The Inspiring Photograph great work... you have an awesome stream :OThis is funny! Awesome shot!Great moment!God one! another shot... from street to train!!!
___

When you find time, do visit my Photostream. ThanksI'm so excited to see this! You're getting bolder shot by shot, what a fantastic scene!Massive shot.  Love it and fave it!!so many different lives and thoughts on this picture. Brillant.very interesting shotvery interesting shot!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )amazing capture
Your wonderful picture was admired
at Garden Paradise (Admin Invite) 
Post 1 comment 2 photos
www.flickr.com/groups/gardenparadise/Genial :)
Amazing and difficult shot to take.
I like grey nuances.great photoWell spotted - great shot.Great shot.He looks amazed that he can see the world upside down through his &quot;glass&quot;... Maybe he's about to invent photography? ;-) have a great week!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome CaptureThere are so many things one can do in the tube!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4115617...Such an awesome shot! I've always been too afraid to do street photography but this is great!Haha, you gotta love riding subways in busy cities like London and New York, though I find you get more crazies in the latter. People can be so absorbed in their own worlds (as seen by all of them here) and it makes wonderful street photography. I love random shots in the tube. Excellent capture here!He looks like Sylvester Stallone!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Decisive Moments... Classics in B&amp;W, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excelente escena cotidiana y mejor en BN.Precious! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Public Transport Passengers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great!A Great Frame..!!!!!!London?
this is a great shot,so naturalHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!preciosa y mínima composición !!Love this empty landscape. Quite bleak and desolate.Un lujo.Vista en / Seen in

Paisajes del mundo / World LandscapesGreat picture!superb desolation!Minimalista y preciosa.
Me encanta...La perfección hecha ecuadre : )

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)simple and minimal - great shotmuy buena... 

Un saludo... Pacotop minimalismHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Randfiguren y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Qué chula tu foto, vaya imaginación le has echado. Mola la forma cuadrada que le has dado al recorte.nice one

[via Flickroom]love the stark white.Super!Can i borrow it?amazing shotawww, pretty in pink.. hbm  xpuke soaked? :( Aww...I hope she feels better!awwww.  hope she feels better soon.  love the pp!  hbm!Awwwwww! Cute composition and love the colors !I hope she feels better!!

Love this!Oh no, I'm sorry she was sick in the night.  Hope it's over now.  Still a cute shot:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)aww...i'm sorry you've had a rough start to your morning! i love things get better! :)aww -feel better, little one!love the color and the tones! looks fantasticawww hope she's feeling better!  my dd has those boots too!  love the stripes!  HBM!Hope she she feels better and takes a loooong nap so you can take one too... Cute photo, HMBI like how the colors pop!


Seen in  Bench Monday
Aww, I hope she feels better soon! 
It's still a cute shot, though :)this is an amazing shot! the colours and processing are just outstanding.Oh ye old early morning puke fest...  

my fave was one where there was a trail from her bedroom to ours... oh childhood memories... so precious and sweetPoor baby, love this sweet shot!  I too had a puke soaked baby last night.........!Awwww! I hope she gets to feeling better soon... and I hope you get to get some sleep :)

HBM!this is awesome :D I really hope she gets well soon *kiss kiss* for her!what an adorable photo.  bummer she is under the weather.. hopefully she will be better soon....Cute..HBMBeautiful shot! Hope she feels better soon! : )Poor thing. Love all those stripes!!!
My children always attempt to puke on me. Luckily, years of practice and quick reflexes have left me able to vomit dodge.good thing those cute boots look weather (and puke proof) I hope your bench monday gets happier and less, um, yucky.aww...poor thing :(  Feel better soon xxxLovely shotI'm glad she feels better!Adorable!!What an adorable shot!  I hope there is no more puking in your family's future!  That's the worst!  Have a beautiful week ahead.

p.s.  That is so cool that your in-laws live close by in Cherokee.  They live in a beautiful part of the country.this is too cute, I'm glad you had a great weekend, and I am sorry your sweetie got sick :(

Lovely shot!
HBM!So sorry she's not feeling well ... poor little thing. 

Adorable shot - love all the happy colors!Great color, love it!!!ugh, i guess it COULD be worse.  but that sounds just awful.  semi-happy bench monday to you!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love it!Hey! :)
adorable image!! i hope she feels better ASAP oxoAww, so sorry...Hope she is better now? Sending her lots of get well hugs and kisses, please....Glad you had a lovely date night and great weekend though...

What a lovely image..Love all the colors and stripes here..Gorgeous light. xo
this is so sweet!!!:)  hbm!!!:)So sweet!! Hope she feels better. :(Oh so sorry.  Hope your little one is feeling better soon!  Even sick, she looks cute in stripes.  HBM! :)preciosa!!...hbm!!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)this is adorable :D hope she is feeling better!***  Adorable et Jolie  ***

DomiLove the colours and the stripes! HBM!Fantastic colors!I love everything about this!!! HBM!oh feel better soon xoOh my. Despite your pre-dawn adventure, she looks great!Awesome shot!  Glad she's feeling better.  HBM!Sick totally sucks.great pp~
glad she's better~
very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)truly wonderfulvery nice... congrats front page..


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)aaw, this is sooo cute!!!love the colorssssssssssGreat colors!! Soo cute!! Love the sock monkey!! :D Please add to my group: Daily Dose of Lovelove the colours - sorry about the puke ;)So cute!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2461322...very nice!!!Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Oh no puke soaked is the worst!
Saw this on the Front Page of Explore!
My sweet girl has the same doll - blah blahOh how cute. Congrats on the FP. :)Hehe cuteness overload MJ :) Beautiful!I hope she gets feeling better soon.  Such a darling image, I'd like to try this with mine before she outgrows her stuffed animal-love the vignette around the color, it really makes it pop.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!awesome shot..YAY!
Congrats on FP!Uh ohh...the little one got sick? Oh nooo :(

But I do love these pink colors. It's so vibrant and cheerful :DLove all the stripes :-)

So sorry to hear your little one is sick.  
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?²ˣ)LOVE those stripes!!!!!!!!! HBM!!!!So glad she is feeling a little better now!!
This is a fabulous Bench Monday!  HBM!Super sweet! Congrats on FP!
HBM!stripes and bricks go together....

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)poor sweet sick baby.  This is precious.nice compo..o no!   poor sweetie and poor you,
hope she feels better soon, this is adorable!Super cute, HBM!pink stripes are the bestAww.. lovely colors!stripes are always a delight... and I find that we gotta count blessings everyday, it helps keep me going...great color~ 
hope everyone is now well in your house and that no one else has gotten sick since.... poor kiddoso cute!Gorgeous composition and mood!I love all the stripes...so adorable...awesome vignette effect too! 
Congrats on FP!How cute is this??!!!  =)  Love the colors!  HBM!!!  Congrats on FP!!!  Well-deserved!!!Oh no.... I hope your little one is feeling better now.
I do love all the stripes in this.... it's so CUTE!This is awesomeness!! veryy innocent =Phee hee so cute...love that title too!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice one, great shot!I hope she's feeling better today! beautiful colors here!Aww hope she feels better soon! Love the colors and the stripes! Beautiful shot.Fantastica imagen,los colores bellisimos,tu galeria es una maravilla ^x^ saludosWonderful congratulate you on this shot..&lt;3The Cutiest thingAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Beautiful and lovelyVery good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsGreat angle! The tones are adorable. 
Congratulations on a well deserved #30 on Explore.
Have a great Tuesday!hey, congrats on Front Page!!!!so beautiful! 
great!!sooo cute.. Congrats on Explorevery nice...Oh, love all the stripes, somehow I missed this yesterday!  Anyhow, I'm sorry she was sick :(  Hope today goes better!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DI bet she would be feeling better by now  friend !!:)
AMAZING COMPOSITION OF PATTERN AND TONES !!
Have a great day my Friend !Very Cute I love the compositionoriginal shot and work, seen on explore :-)Cute pic! I hate those kind of mornings. Good thing they only happen once in a while. :)how adorable..!!  love all those stripes..hope she is feeling better by now!nice image :OSo sorry to hear about your sick baby:(( Hope she is feling better soon:)super cute!Stipey stripey!  So cute.  Love her boots.HA!  thats one of our favorite books!  totally cuteso beautiful..This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!Nice color!
love itlooks electricthis made me swear...its that cool.

nice vibrant colours and great post. good stuffgreat pic... cant belive its on cls.this is gorgeous.This stands out - like her expression .

I cannot add anything which has not been said before ! :-)Wow! That is so awesomeNicely done! Great Colors!nice post process, that wall looks awesome and the lighting neat and perfect as usualI adore this. Everything single thing about it. Great shot! =]excellent shot!what colours!Hey, I love the vivid colours!  Well done.love the colors!!I love it !!
Great shot here !Great colors !thanks for all the  nice comments, this is one of my favourite shots ive done.!!!I remember seeing this being set up and trying to guess what the shot would look like! its fantastic. Very well done.Great colors...

Seen on FluidrAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.beautiful work!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Some very good workMuy buen trabajo. Me encantan los colores.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)awesome work!!!Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.A most superb work.kick ass colors.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!These are the shots I've been waiting to see! Watched you shoot this and it looked awesome! Frickin' brilliant pictarrrrr xthis is originalI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comvery nice photo! i like the colors!Very Beautiful portraitVery eye-catching!So awesome, I love the color!  I Think this is Art ! AWARDGreat Composition friend !
Brilliant Color balance and Exposure !! !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!amazing work..!!!

  I Think this is Art ! AWARDvery nice!fantastic color,beautiful expression!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Thanks again for all the comments/faves, much appreciatedWay to go Kino!!Yeap, it's amazing ! ))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love the lighting and very bright colors!Wow that is great mangeorge george GEORGE of the JUNGLE~!  sorry:)  i just love that vine!Love this place! I need to dig back through my files and post another shot or two of it. Nice composition here Steve, great shot!great colors...nice shot!Super composition, Steve.  The water looks great too.Great composition! That vine is awesome!I love the way the vine kinda frames it. Great work.What a magical spot.   Terrific capture...yes that vine makes an interesting addition.Wonderful work Steve.  I agree with Lisa, that vine really is a nice element in the shot!Very gorgeous. That hanging down branch is kinda cool.beautiful setting here, really perfect colors.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Another excellent piece of work, Steve!Great shot Steve! I love the overall color in the shot. The green pool is sweet.Very Nice!  Love these woods/streams shots!Beautiful, I love the green pool.That green pool is gorgeous. Very nicely done.
From 1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!
Please add this picture to our group's pool
You are invited to join, adding your gorgeous photos from great places all over the World to our group.
Please visit, be sure you read the rules and agree with them and join !!!!
1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!Great impact and depth in this shot. I like it.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthBeautiful shot, love the composition and the water in the pool!! Well done!What a cool falls setting. Fine composition and color!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very nice capture!Gorgeous place, congrats!Love the color of the pool! Congrats on Explore!!Excellent!Beautiful shot.  Nicely done.really like the colour of the waterI too love the color of the water. Wonderful comp and exposure!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called S-Curve, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superbthis picture is simply divine, its so lovely, great work!What a beautiful spot!  Fantastic image Steve!I'm really digging the color in that pool and how you framed this, superb work Steve!Very beautiful!Wow this lovely I agree &quot;divine&quot;  !!Extraordinary place along with a wonderful photo! Beautifu!Wow it's perfect and the location is wonderfulniceNice comp :)The color is great!
well donewow, fantastic colour!Beautiful !!!Great landscape!Oh my goodness- this is amazing! :]Oh my.  I'm reminded of a the windows default wallpaper but sooooo much better.

This is exquisite.Great - makes me want to boot up Windows XP!Ditto Brandon. First thing I thought of was the default windows wallpaper!This SCREAMS serenity, silence, relaxation. Nice! :)I agree w/@Brandon Lyon... Windows wallpaper but much better!That's hilarious about the default windows wallpaper.  'Tis not though, those be our lovely verdant california hills.love it.beautiful!oh. my. gosh.  truly breathtaking!    love seeing this green in the middle of my winter.phenomenonawesome.. this doesn't even look real!!
so coolfantastic !!Wonderful scenery. The colours are gorgeous. A must see.I remember Windows XP :)) 

nice shot ;)Beautiful!  Hills like this always remind me of the Teletubbies show.  :)Amazing!!this is so picture perfect it almost looks surrealWhere have the Teletubbies gone :P

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Beautiful!Hey! Windows XP. But you done better.I'm speechlessThis is awesome (and also immediate reminded me of the WinXP wallpaper).Beautiful landscape, beautiful color, great shot!Whoa.  Cindy this is unbelievable!  The colors.  Oh man it looks like a painting!Microsoft Windows XP!  LOL, love it!almost surreal, awesome shot!so fairytale and lovely :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I was trying to get that same type of shot yesterday!  Since we had such great puffy clouds and everything is SO green.  Can I ask what your aperture and shutter speed were?idyllaWindows!!!!!!!!curvy beauty!!Wow !windows XP wallpaper...!! lol... great shot =)Amazing!i feel like i'm in the most beautiful daydream....Wow! So dreamy!holy fuck...I just google searched windows xp wallpaper to make sure it wasn't the same thing.
This is amazing!Very nice!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)amazing colors! it almost looks like a painting! love it!I always thought there was no way that XP wallpaper was inspired by the real world.
Isn't that something?!Perfect &hearts;beautiful landscapewindows : )) amazing colors and composition !!it looks magical!!so relaxing... well doneugh...SO JEALOUS RIGHT NOW. canadian winter....
I can't believe places like that really exist....:)Simple, beautiful.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)windows XP ! sooo beautiful,oh this looks like the windos wallpaper!! such a cool shot!Lovely!becoming a fanAmazing colours! :)Win Xp Wallpaper.)i love this, so wonderful and far better then the windows xp wallpaper! ;)Rather than thinking it was the default XP wallpaper, I thought perhaps the rolling hills of California wine country. Nice photo for us coping with the snow.really looks like the windows XP wallpaper =)Where are the Teletubbies?  Stunning color and landscape.Is this from the 5 freeway? Did you park on the shoulder to get this shot?

It's worth it!!XP Flashback....  pity we don't have desktop size to use...beautiful capture....Wow, so beautiful! It almost looks unreal.This was taken inside the car (i was the passenger) heading north to SF on 280, near Palo Alto.  

Thanks All!This looks like the Microsoft ad!freedomwow! it is perfect!I love it, the colors are so positive :)XP :)the XP wallpaper was photographed somewhere around here. I think Napa.  nice!Oh wow! The colours are so amazing!! :]troppo bella..I thought this was the XP wallpaper at first. Nice shot!I thought it was the windows XP wallpaper too. Nice work.Very nice, seems a save screen.so pretty!Nice shot! Reminds me of a Windows XP wallpaper.Bliss!Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wow stunning - this could be teletubby land!omg is this real ????Great capture.Beautiful capture.yes, for it is telletubbies :)great photo! where is that place? i wanna be there!!!!!!!Beautiful! This was taken in Palo Alto? Wow.wow unreal!a beauty!WOW Lovely. It looks like that XPs' backgrounds ! 

wowthis is a desktop material!Holy Moly this is simplistic perfection.are you kidding me? awesome!hey,u know it looks like Windows XP 's default wallpaperwow what a relaxing place!Absolutely gorgeous!Lovely.Windows XP, no doubt.
Perfect shot!windows..eat your heart out... nice shotbeautiful

Seen on FluidrIt seems Windwows desktop. Great! CongratsWhy are you posting screenshots, C?amazing shot &amp; colors &gt;&gt;&gt;wow that's awesome!! looks like windows XP's default wallpaper :)haha, looks like a Windows wallpaper.
Completely wonderful, though!Beautiful simple shot with great colour, love it!Wow... Fantastica!Preciosa!!Beautiful...greatCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3745106...Unlike &quot;all&quot; the other, I did not see desctops or teletubby-land. To me it kinda looks like the lower pert of a womans back and the top part of her curvy bum.

Great work either way!OMG the Shot is Breath takingAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.excellent photo..That's wonderful.Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Woow 
Wonderful photo

Fav * :)Precious! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Spectacular view and landscape....this one has something special that's fascinating me...I'm captured by this!Un paisaje precioso.
--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)oh wow, great colours, fantastic sky and very feminin hills :-)photo feels unbalanced but this truly is a dream worldMinimalistic &amp; Perfect !Nicely done, great shot !Beautiful...great color!Very beautiful interesting photo.eh windows xp :pinteresting shot! It reminds me to Window desktop wallpaperoh my! :)So peaceful.
I love it.Breathtaking..great shotThis is amazing! I had the same thought as everyone else, Windows XP!Beautiful!Tiny Wings......me too.  ;)

Thanks all!classic. love it. reminds me of one I shot as well ..Wonderful.great, looks like the windows xp wall

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]WOW beautiful!! So relaxing :-)

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Definitely remind of WIn XP. 
Stunning capture, beautiful colours, landscape and sky.Genial..obra maestra

salut i molt bona tarda!!!windows ;DAwesome CaptureYes first reaction is to think of Windows wallpaper :))
very Nice, well done!!WOOOOOOOOOOWqxp wallpaper looks like to me .looks like a windows XP background !wonderful!SublimeAmazing! :D
I wanna' see weather like that. :]Wow! That's amazing!So peaceful and relaxing shot! Well done! :)Wonderful !This is one of the wallpaper backgrounds that comes with the Windows XP operating system.Chrisser.......it may look similar to windows xp wallpaper, but it's not.  This is how green our hills get in Northern California and with the right light, it is quite magical.Amazing!Totally reminds me of Windows XP's bliss desktop.  Too bad Microsoft is not basing their 200M add campaign on your shot...Very clean and neat! 

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]It almost makes me want to cry, how  beautiful it isamazing colors !Faved for looking just like Windows XP desktop :Dit looks like windows wallpaperr! i love it!windows xp?
jeje :)Amazing shot, love the simplicity.WOW...SO BEAUTIFUL ;D
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comCool shot! Reminds me of Windows XP default wallpaper. ;)wow wow wooow  i want to go there!!!!!

i dont know why but these reminds me of Super Mario xDIT's like looking out of the window ... marvellous !So pretty!PINk-KAT ......are you effing kidding me?  You are an idiot to think that I would steal Windows XP image.  You are a fucking moron!Before anyone else accuses me of stealing Microsoft's Windows XP image, please do your homework. I am talking to you Pink-Kat.

Here is Microsoft's Windows XP photo.
still laughing.I was just about to post that same image.  Haha Wow.Lollerskates.

This is pretty and I want to do a cartwheel there.places like this still exist on this planet earth?! Luckily the chinese have not found it yet...cheers!is like windows xp desktop wallpaper!and obviously  yours is 100000000 times betterGreat photo, the colors in the sky are just amazing, they create such a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere!I didn't make the comparison to Windows wallpaper once until I read these comments. FWIW, I thought of Super Mario World instead. ;)awesome pic. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )REMINDS ME OF MY MICROSOFT DESKTOP FRIEND ! !!
Brilliant Composition and Tones !!
EXCELLENT POV !!
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Only in the land of imagination!  Beautiful!great capture
 (gallery &amp; instructions)This looks surreal.Very XP-like ... ;-)thats unreal.windows xp 

Seen on Fluidramazing shot! so peaceful looking :]WOW! this is outstanding amazing! my kind..I love this picture!I'm really interested in your photostream! mmm talented photographer :) thank you for sharing this beautiful pictures!!Lovely,
congrats on Explore !To my eyes, the lovely back of a green woman...Maybe you discovered that Mother Nature is a sexy one !:-)awesome!!!!!
n yes it does look like the windows wallpaper.. 
i'd love to go there!Haruki murakami~beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called All Safe Pics Welcome, and we'd love to have this added to the group!amazing...............it is so Windows XP:-)Wow, love.This looks just like Windows XP!  OMG LOVE!I disabled the comment....but, yet people like you can still comment.  :PMy comment power knows no bounds.You are superhuman!Damn Right you windows XP photo thief.That's right, I don't know how to take a photo so I have to steal them and call it my own.  Shame on me.Hey this looks like Windows XP! :-POther folks saw desktop wallpaper and I immediately saw a sexy woman's back, as well.  At least some of us have our priorities in the right place.so beautiful!im agree ! lovely colours and nicely composed..well done~You took some fabulous pictures during your trip to Whitby.  So much is great about this one - the silhouettes of the Abbey and lighthouse are perfect, you have incredible DoF and the colours are magical!excelente foto... original y bella felicidadesso lovely tone and color, great work Carlbeautiful man, stunning colors

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wise words, obi oneHi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful capture....That's so beautiful. Great exposure and good colors too.
Admired in Natural Landscapes.Same happened to me in Devon last year Carl. I took 20 shots of a sunset because each time it looked bad on the LCD after taking it. At home on the PC all were pretty good!!!
   Good shooting mate!! BTW, you must be keen setting off at 4.30am!!! Haha.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Il Tramonto e l'Alba - (Sunset &amp; Sunrise), and we'd love to have this added to the group!very nice...



If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Just perfect, Carl!!!

So amazing colors of sunrise with soft calmly purple water...I am looking throught this picture and relax...that's an awesome shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called STAND-OUT Images!     Post 1 - Comment 2+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great image.   Love the perspective from the LH back to land.

I love the contrast of the warmth of the sunrise and the cold of the water.Fantastic shot Carl. Great colours in the clouds and a nice milky sea.You nailed this one Carl.. I'm impressed with your early start.. i've yet to do an early morning photoshoot but on my todo list! :)stunning lighthouse shot!
Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Stunning workSuperb - images like this make all the efforts worthwhile!! Congratulationsa beautiful painting!! great exposure once again...Fabulous image...just perfec shot, Carl! Love the perspective!
Great work, friend!Amazing colours and composition!

--
Seen in the group&quot;STAND-OUT Images!     Post 1 - Comment 2+&quot; (?)Looks awesome, wonderful cours and great sky!

Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Beautiful!WoW!!!!!
Seen at STAND-OUT Images!great image, outstanding compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)stunning long exposure sunrise shot.  beautiful.

Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3219396...Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Beautiful :)Awesome image, love the composition and the colour in the sky! No wonder it made Front Page Explore! Well done!

Dave.

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Just magic!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Shenanigans in Japan ]wonderful picture!Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22696

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)wow!Awesome sunrise !

Seen on FluidrGreat shot!

Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.I can't trust what I see on the camera, and often see the opposite. Looks good on camera but bad on PC.
This is beautiful.

Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Stunning shot, nice one.remarkableI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comCongrats on making frontpage
Good shot my friend;)

Superbe job!Thank you for sharing your beautiful picture.

Congratulations! 


We are Happy to award you from: 
Come from Land and Sea Great composition and exposure!



I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Beautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contest

Please ensure you take the time to comment on 2 other images in the group with comment icon. Thanks – SWEEPER ACTIVE
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Carl.Wow, Very nice!

Seen in  Just One Rule
[Only Land, Sky &amp; Seascapes] 

(Post 1 ~ Comment 1)very beautiful picture!Superbe !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestSeen at STAND-OUT Images!Congratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!Gorgeous colors...Beautiful scene!Oh my... 

That looks amazing.

Good lesson learned by the way. I agree.....
►►►We ♥ your Master Class Pix ! Thank you for posting this shot!◄◄◄


We saw this master photo in 
&quot;Django´s MASTER - CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY&quot;
 

. See U My Friend ........
►►►We ♥ your Master Class Pix ! Thank you for posting this shot!◄◄◄


We saw this master photo in 
&quot;Django´s MASTER - CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY&quot;
 

. See U My Friend ....Stunning shot, very nicely done

Beautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestVery Beautiful CaptureBeautiful capture, the slow shutter effect is great on the water, awesome sky.Thank you for sharing your beautiful picture.

Congratulations! 


We are Happy to award you from: 
Come from Land and Sea Awesome shot. Love the colors, and what a composition!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South ]You are invited to AGREE and post this GREAT SHOOT¡¡ to the SOLO PAISAJES Y ATARDECERES--ONLY LANDSCAPES AND SUNSET GROUP.

This is very pretty Carl. 
Wonderful tones. 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Mikytz's wOrLd&quot; ( ?² )Superb colors here! Great compo! :)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Mikytz's wOrLd&quot; ( ?² )Wow, what a great shot, well doneThank you for sharing you memory with us at: 

Our Memories, Our Times

Don't forget to tag your photo 'OMOT'so so jealous - wish I could even be there let alone capture such a beautiful photoCongratulations! 

This image was voted top 25% in group PhotoVotr by www.photovotr.com users.

Vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.com!Superb !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contest

Please ensure you take the time to comment on 2 other images in the group with comment icon.  Thanks – SWEEPER ACTIVE To obtain one more award, post here to try to get it and participate in weekly contest. Remember to give an award to other photo in this thread. 

www.flickr.com/groups/expo-sition/discuss/72157621994743854/ 

EXPOSITION GROUPCongrats on the Explore to #13  Well deserved, the Whitby shots you've posted recently have been outstanding!Excellent capture. . . 


Seen on FluidrBeautiful photo! Congrats on Explorenice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Lovely colors and a solid composition.

Seen on FluidrBeautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestGOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardBrilliant shot.AMAZING EXPOSURE MY FRIEND !!
Brilliant Tones and Composition ! !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Beautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestBeautiful capture Indeed !Congrats !  This photo is the photo of the day and appear on the Front Page of the group


www.flickr.com/groups/expo-sition/Beautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestWonderful shot Carl, the colour and exposure are excellent, nice one :-)Lovely composition.
www.flickr.com/groups/expo-sition/Beautiful shot!!!....
►►►We ♥ your Master Class Pix ! Thank you for posting this shot!◄◄◄


We saw this master photo in 
&quot;Django´s MASTER - CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY&quot;
 

. See U My Friend ....very much worth sticking around for, great colours in the sky!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 2010.anything of good taste, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice colors1Great shot...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fantastic light, very nice treatment. Great work.Beautiful! The light and colors are just fantastic.Like a sci-fi movie! Astonoshing!Wonderful lightning..My compliments!!!
Can't wait to watch skating competitions!Hope You'll give the best t and let us  see some amazing shots!Have a nice week,Evan!wonderful image and quite a rallying cry, i'd vote for ecstacist :)I love this hdr!Great color and tones - nice shot!Superb work here... This image is surreal... :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous light!absolutly the most beautiful city i know. and you captured it, as it deserves. perfect shotVancouver is such a beautiful city, it truly shines! I hope that the Olympics will bring a lot of positive things for the city and the region.
Your capture is fantastic!Fantastic capture!!! Excellent composition and light! Well done!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All memories are welcome 1 post 3 comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!The structure in the centre, although it doesn't really resemble it, calls to mind the Sydney Opera House.  I guess its the sweeping lines of the roof sections and the fact that it's on a promontory. (Or is it a pier?)

[my contacts]Awesome!Such an amazing shot GreatLooks like a scene in a movie!Amazing!Good Luck to Vancouver, I'll be watching! 
Hope Washington, DC will send you guys some snow.so pure, perfect!That is an amazing photograph!  The color and clarity just amazing......Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SEAVIEW, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice skyline!Beautiful cityscape.  The color and the light is superb.wow excellent shot ! great done !Very nice shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called In Fine Style (Invite Only) - Contest Streetlights , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful image!Stunning!beautiful view of cityreally beautiful!  fantastic processing.I walk the streets with a smile and freely help the tourists find their way.Grand shot EvanBeautiful cityscape!Amazing view!!!! I am struggling for breath...What a awesome photo. This is why you are my favorite on flickr. Kinda wish I would of walked up and said hello that day. Well next time..so goodMaravillosa panorámica !!!
     THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 
    

    You have been invited to post your photo
    at Better Than Good.

    By accepting this invitation, you agree to
    comment on 2 other images in the group pool.incredeble....ins favedawesome capture!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Canada Place Photostream, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome light and stunning detail, I love this one, man! :-)fantastica toma, genialsuperb capture.. well doneI just LOVE it !!

This amazing image really is In Fine Style
and this serves as an invitation to


In Fine Style

Please tag your image with &quot;infinestyle&quot;Wonderful tones and composition! Great work! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love the light and colour in this shot. Awesome Evan. :)Wow that is one amazing capture. Helicopter?

I totally agree with the Olympics - it's time to celebrate and open our arms to the world!This is beatuful!  What do you do that you get to fly around so much?excellent
From 1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!
Please add this picture to our group's pool
You are invited to join, adding your gorgeous photos from great places all over the World to our group.
Please visit, be sure you read the rules and agree with them and join !!!!
1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!Impresionantemente bella. EnhorabuenaExcellent!!

Seen in Flickr Envy - Public - (Invited Images Only)Bellissima!wonderful shot, great tones and light

Seen on FluidrStunning !Wow what a beautiful tone! congrats on explore #1!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Shenanigans in Japan ]wow amazing shot :)so cool!Fantastic shot :)wonderful shot, great tones and light

Beautiful light and great composition, well captured.splendideAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Impressive view!


Fantastic image!!!great photo. the atmosfere is amazing.stunning!fantastic shotExcellent  capture!!!Lovely lighting, very nicebeautifull / superbeAwesome. Congrats on explore #1!
_____________________
reply with darckr?Nicely done, great shot !Wonderful Cityscape. And hope things go well there.What a beautiful image, wonderful light and a great city.Amazing capture! 
Congratulation for #1 on Explore! Well deserved!
You have a great photostream!che meraviglia!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Funky64 ]WOWexcellentgreat colors and composition!!Beautiful shot
i love itbeautiful this soft light

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]Wow - amazing colors and details! Superb golden light. Love this image a lot.

Seen on FluidrSimply fantastic.  I love the composition and the dramatic tones. Well done.AwesomeWow ! You are going to have a wonderful time watching the opening cerimony ! !!
Fentastic cityscape !
Excellent composition and exposure !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Woo! Gorgeous shot! Can't wait for the Olympics.Great color and tones.fantastic light and view - love it !!Dear Evan,
stunning!
Have a great Tuesday!
--
Seen on Ansazgood workStunning light and tones!!amazingReally nice photo! Well done on explore. Not only that but your stream is epic!

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Una maravilla......Whouaaa .... fantastic light and view ! 
Thanks for sharing !great vantage point, well seenAmazing photo!finally someone gets hdr right!The colours are simply incredible!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Pure awesome! I have photo jealousy =)beautiful colors!breathtaking.Absolutely amazing. This is jaw droppingly good.TOTALLY agree with you on hoping that the domestic bickering doesn't detract from BC's one good opportunity to catch the world's attention!  

This shot is stunning, such a beautiful city, it blows my mind how gorgeous it is when the first light hits it in the morning, and you've captured it just perfectly!this is absolutely incrediblewonderful view!

Seen on FluidrAdThis is beauty beyond words!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing lightning, wonderful dramatic shot!WOW.You have an extraordinary Photostream very beautiful photos.
I invite you to see some of mine. Greetings.
Reflections Catedral of Leon. (Spain)
www.flickr.com/photos/24822386@N02/2349619597/page21/
Esta hermosa foto fue vista en: 
This wonderful picture has bee seen in:&quot;HECHIZO&quot;


 


Post 1- Award 2
Sube1- Comenta 2


Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Gracias por agregar tu foto al grupo 
-:^:-amazing! :)Fantastic !!Magificent work!!! 
... and wonderful words. sending best wishes!!!StunningGreat capture and colors !! . . fav . .Absolutely stunning.linda  sem comentarios.parabens pela imagem.This is insane, such an awesome capture of the city!Fantastica......

Saludos.Preciosa imagen.Fabulosa, como siempre.Wonderful image!Tarde o temprano aparecería una foto del Cornión que tanto te gusta.
Impresionante.

(Espero una respuesta a lo que te propuse, sé que es culpa mía no decirlo antes; pero en cuanto sepas algo avísame)
Saludos.Magnífico escenario !Fantástica!Impresionante esos &quot; picos &quot; sobre el cielo ..........Preciosas luces.
Saludos.Fantastic lightMagistral, como siempre!!

Y bueno, si no es Perú, que sea por estos lados.Fantastic view...Great capture ..

I think this photo is a

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/
After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShot
invited with SICI

Jean michelLuce incantevole.Impresionante el sitio y perfecta la toma. Suerte con la exposición y si haceis algo, ya sabes que no me importaría. Un abrazoBeautiful view - I didn't know that you had such steep rugged mountains in northern Spain.        Pyrenees near France I heard were high but didn't know about that.que luz mas bonita.Me gusta tu fotografía y la he visto en:


AstuRRefleX
Bonitas luces!
saludosAbsolutamente espectacular !Impresionante perfil.Estupenda toma, me gustan la composición y edición, gran resultado!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Solo montagna - Only mountain - Post 1 commenta 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
From 1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!
Please add this picture to our group's pool
You are invited to join, adding your gorgeous photos from great places all over the World to our group.
Please visit, be sure you read the rules and agree with them and join !!!!
1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!Beau clichéyour picture is outstanding
I'd like to invit it to be a part of the collection of exceptional images 
in the new group 
called 
&quot;in the mood&quot; 

If you accept the invitation please: post 1 award 2!
Sensacional! Mirando la Torre de Santa Maria aun me tiemblan las piernas, buf! Felicidades por el Explore!Magnificent mountain scene...Superb photo..!!Congratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7958580...great shotAwesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22738. 

Your all FP are listed here.Es una maravillaMaestro! Another masterpiece....Hoy la he visto en Gijón, 
tus fotos son una maravilla
¡felicidades!veramente molto bella fantastica foto.... complimenti......Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great shot, love the scenery and view you captured.  Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!colore fiabesco, molto bella!Stunning!!
Congrats on Front Page!!
XOXOXOXOXOXlovely no wonder its on explore:)wow, beautifulA wonderful &quot;world&quot; of snow peaks!!!!Impresionante belleza!!!!!!!!!!!!Magnífica foto !!

Saludos. 


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/31273537@N06/3693922872/]Wonderful landscape!Genial!Un hermoso paisaje, y una luz envolvente. 
Saludos.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!amazing shotQué luz y montañas más bonitas, te felicito!!waw!!!!! =)This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomelove the light... and the glitterly look is great, too.Superb setup and jacket.oh my gosh
oh my gosh
&lt;333That jacket, I want it!le amazing
i love itIncredible lighting.love thisss!i love everything about this

i've missed your photos so much.beautifulso. pretty. &lt;3Definitely a great photo!!! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)It is film? I love it...the mood...the waiting mood ..i don´t know ...Very nice :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2215409...Light good!!It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22712.pensivemale or femaleWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.nice photo
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Love itHi, I'm an admin for a group called De espaldas, and we'd love to have this added to the group!that's adorable, i love the lines of her back!!!ahh i missed them toothat's fantastic
the window light is prettyThe light is so wonderful in this.this is really quite beautiful 
i wonder how you've beenWow. That's awesomeo.nice =]


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/al-farouk/3481515022/in/set-72157621884557239/]monisimaa beautiful smile! :Dmigh :-)Aww he is happy for sure, just look at that big smile!wow very nice capture!!!nice capture! looks as if he's smiling at you.just look at that cute face!! :) adorable photo.

Found and admired in: 
the little dog laughedomg what a shot!! that expression is priceless:)what can I say???? Mason is a beautiful little puppy boy with such a sweet smile.
how could you resist...
thank you so much for posting!
*
Found, admired, and loved in: the little dog laughed Oh, Mason has a lovely face!Thanks everyone! :)haha, Mason is adorable!  Love his expression.He is the CUTEST dog ever!
:)oh, the joker.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)aww, this dog is so so so cute! beautiful smile!aww soo cute :)What a cute puppy! Great expression!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South ]how cute is he????cute. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )aww hes just sweet, i love his big goofy grin!what a cutie!Aww, he's so cute! I love that smile :)What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Cuteeeeeee!!nice pic!!wow it is amazing shot good work my friend.AdorableThat is a stunning picture.  Love the light &amp; reflections.This is just stunning. Fantastic colours and amazing reflection. Brilliant.gorgeous

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Absolutely STUNNING!  Fabulous work Clodders :o)Stunning.StunningSimply beautifulYes this really is nice. Lovely colours, that sky is amazing.thats beautiful!!Thats a bit stunning!Absolutely beautiful! The colours are great too.Beautiful! Stunning reflection.Amazing, I love it.wow!Stunning scenery, well caught. Reflection is wonderful. Look forward to the 70's pics.  :-)Stunning!Just gorgeous!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Beautiful!Light and reflection are gorgeousSounds fab!  Love the reflection - gorgeous view!

I&quot;m looking forwards to more pics- particularly the seventies ones :-)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Splendid shot - love the reflection.Great shot . looks very peacefulStunning

--
Seen in the group&quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot; (?)Fantastic symmetry! Great colors and reflection!!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010We probably passed on the A55!!!Wahh we prob did, We did pass a camper and they waved and flashed us, was that you?Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2069738...Outstanding, great colorCONGRATULATIONS!!!!! FP again!! clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22678Fabulous image!!congratulations!stunning, love the reflectionso many details... and that luminosity!!! enormous!!!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Magnificent shot!Beautiful! A perfect mirror! Congrats. :) It`s really amazing! Good oneAbsolutely beautiful!!Definitely a great photo!!! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is Really An Excellent Photo


An Award and Invitation from *RefleXionS* Group!
You are invited to join and add this excellent photo to
 *RefleXionS* group’s poolDivine! The colors on this image are sharp. Congrats on FP.Gorgeous view! Congratulations on Explore!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.fabulous photo, cloddersHi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.love the reflection !Qué maravilla! :Ogracias :) buenas noches!lovely !
a winterdream.indeed a dream, all in white :)cold. nice effect

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic!gorgeous!!!!hello winter!an enchanted winter house, hiding in the trees?  so fine.Winter wonderland.i like the framing.i miss the cold beautiful days of Jan already - maybe there will be a few more still this winter...esplendor da neve!me encanta!magic!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!bonita toma, y el marco en esta ocasion si que queda bien.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Textured Unleashed, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow great work congrats on explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***This should be a Postcard!***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!halaa! Esta me recuerdo a una de esas semiesferas llenas de agua con nieve y alguna miniatura en su interior.genial l tratamientoönskar vintrarna alltid kunde vara så här*Great TTVI'm sure someone special lives in this little house in the woods ;) a perfect ttv sandra!congratulation for the explore!Fabulous tones, Sandra - such a winter wonder world!Very good capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Really awesome frame and texture work !awww this is just ADORABLE !!!!So sweet!this is beautiful!oh my, love the sleeping tiny BJD! this picture is super cute!Amazing picture!!awww cute pic hun :) so cool I inspired you to do this its amazing love it.Love it !
Love the light that it hasThank you everyone. It's been a long time since I took a pic I'm SO happy with - this is adorable.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Oh my gosh!  Gorgeous!Such a sweetheart &lt;3oohhh Emma this is such a wonderful picture....makes me wanna do one too...wauw..love it..thank you :)

Tea - go for it, lots of fun!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Just wonderful &lt;3what doll is it it's so cute !!!*ded of kyoot*Wow! Amazing, this is a great great photo :))Awwww!!!! Perfection!!!I love the lighting in this picture :)

and btw...

you've been tagged :)Wow !Sweet!WoWWWW!!!Thank you everyone for the love :)

 She's a PukiFee Bonnie from Fairyland :) Oh noo -I'm at work... and I'm not going to be anywhere near a camera until tomorrow night! I'll do something then!ohhh my god!!!!She´s loveeeeWhat a perfect photo &lt;3
She's STUNNING! :) thank you - I love this pic... even changed my buddy icon &lt;3Wwooooowwwwwww!!!!!thank you :) - this is Claudia btw - my Bonnie :DThat is just gorgeous!Oh! It blooming well would be Bonnie wouldn't it.....not that I love her or anything!

=-Pfeatured here!! &lt;3 :DThanks Amanda!

Also thanks to everyone who's commented on and favourited this pic!Lovely photo, so sweet!!  &lt;3The loveliest photo EVER !!!This photo is so enchanting! I love it :)this is magical thanks 4 sharingThanks again everyone - I can't believe how popular this pic is!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow!!... amazing!! :DAwesome Picture!!That's strangely disturbing. Thanks I think ;) what makes it disturbing? 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)amazing!tro mimi je crac totalHa-ha-ha! I now know who to blame for my addiction!  You!!!hahah very nice fenceh.....lovely tones :)O.K. enough of the blaming-game and back to the image of the day!  ;0
Brilliant selective and focus and wide-ranging tones make this an elegant example of fenceh!!
Have a fabulous week!Super good work again! Lovely light and such a beautiful bokeh. Yummy!Beautiful sunlight and bokeh, Steven....I love your fence too.  =)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Dreamy bokeh and light!beautiful shot. :)Gorgeous golden light!  That background vertical from the building complements the horizontal lines.such pretty dofNice perspective my friendBeautiful lines and bokeh, leave it to you to make a fence look this good :-)Wonderful focus, light, and fenceh, Steven--of course!  You've made the city look magical.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )beautiful DoF steven. dreamy fenceh

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful fence. Love the bokeh and tones.I love all that golden bokeh!  Really nice fence shot, even on a Monday:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful tones and bokeh, your signature I think. Amazing image.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)how is it that this rather common-looking fence is transformed into something so amazing at the click of the button on your camera? I love the hint of the city in the background. :)love this shot steven, and i def share the loveVery Cool shot!  the city bokeh is what I am loving about this though!   neat tones also!Hii hi - great shot - and great new word :-))Hahaha... as clever with words as you are with the camera.
I love fence shots... I mean fenceh (retyped that 3 times to try and get the spelling right...  if you didn't have so many comments already I wouldn't have had to scroll up... ;)
I also love the hint of park behind the fence, the hint of city behind the park... this isn't just a shot of a fence, this is a little world you've captured here.Fantastic DoF!  Beautiful capture.What a lovely capture!!! The tones are perfect!!!!!!Gorgeous....love the tones in the snow and the soft rich colours of the branches and fence.  It's fencelicious!I ♥ Chicago, too. Great warm light on that fenceh. The processing matches the quote perfectly! 

I have fenceh for today, as well. If I have time to process0rate it.Love the bokeh city in the background ~ the leading line of the fenceH is perfect!! :0}oh yes, you nailed this one too!!  wonderful!!  seriously you are so talented...  thank you too for your kindness on my images... it means so much...  happy monday!oh my, i just looked at this on black!! WOW!!!a fantastic fence it is
and the fenceh,  keh..
is superb.
:)
loving the tones here!
wintery goodness!Oh Steven I LOVE this shot!!  It's so &quot;clean&quot;, simple, love the black, DOF, the snow in the background.  Maybe you should join fence friday?  :)

Thanks again for the congrats!!  You're awesome!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful work. Love the bokeh!Amazing Dof. Lovely fenceh.love this perspective!And beautiful fence-keh at that..... I love the tree bokeh and the snow, although I should probably be slapped for saying that after the deluge that we got this past weekend......  Fantastic.I do share the love of fences, and this one do rock for sure! I like that word: fenceh! One must definitely view on black to appreciate this image in all its glorious fenceh! :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very cool shot SB.Beautiful tree bokeh!!amazing image!  beautifully captured ... :)i am a HUGE lover of fenceh!THose great lines make up a great compo and love that POV and fenceh!:)A beautiful Fenceh!!!a beautiful fenceh, perfect perspective, tones and bokeh
gorgeousCongrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3371186...amazing dof....just beautiful. :)wonderful fenceh! love the tones and DoF!Front page! Yeah!Another wonderful winner ,Steven!fabulous fenceh!! 
such a fan i am!!
that focus is divine .....I love the perspective and dofNice perspective :) I like sunny winter mood of this photo!fantastic shot my friend!! great tones on this ... love your pov and the dof! i especially love what's going on in the bg on the left side!! another winner for sure!LOVE that quote... I've even used it before:
www.flickr.com/photos/jmsheldon/4282158817/Love this! Amazing DoF!!I love fenceh too!!!!! :D maybe I'm not that good at catching it, but I love it :DWonderful photo and yes that bokeh....*swoon*....  However, now that my blood has thinned dramatically, I don't think I could stand in LP with the wind whipping off the lake *shudder*.  I'll wait till summer ;)Composition is amazing. Your seasonal tones are perfect.Fabulous pov with the snow and stark trees in the distance, and yes, the bokeh is sublime! Love the warm hues!I love the golden tones and bokeh!  So pretty!

Congrats on FP too!Wow, I think you made Explore today before I even got out of bed!!!
Congratulations!

This is a wonderful winter shot~it might be very cold out, but you've captured the warmth of the sun.....lovely golden tones, DoF and soft bokeh. 

The nice thing about your winters back east is the sun! 
Here on the west coast for the most part we get gray skys and rain :(
However, having said that....I'm not complaining too loudly this year!!

Have a great day Steven, and again a BIG congratulations on Explore.awesome pov &amp; dof - great shot
seen on front pageOMG!  you are killing me!!! ;-)  Love the fenceh!*groan*
*wince*
*voices of severe distress*
ARRGGHH...TSSSAAARRGH...

Could someone please come and help me up from here!! *bursting into tears*
Where?! You ask me where?! 
Dammit! I'm right down here, trying to climb this fence, but I'm slipping, loosing my grip.... 
*schreeching sound of nails against steel*

Please.... I just wanted to take a better look at the view, and... this fence called on to me, needed me to climb it.... *tears running down my cheeks*
I wanted to get up-close-and-personal with that bokeh, touch it, burst a couple of bokeh highlights, see them collapsing into heaps of fairy dust, shimmering in the darkening evening... 
I needed to dive into this piece of divine goodliness!! Okey!? 

*looses grip*yeah!
this is the bokeh...amazing fence capture, Steven
perfect tones for this subject, my friend

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)congrats on FP again, and it is so well deservedI don't even get a chance to come back from work to comment and you are FP already. Oh well, it is very efficient, saves me the effort to come back to congratulate you, I can do both at the same time:-) Fantastic shot, lovely bokeh and congrats on a very well deserved FP!!!Steve is FP every single day! The it boy!what a great contrast between the strong sharp lines and the soft bokeh background! i can't keep up, you're always FP before I even see your pics!anOther cOngrats ;) anOther great great shOt ... wOw!beautiful fencehBeautiful colors, congrats on the FP :)Lovely DOFsooooo very cool!!! great perspective and dof!!most excellent Steven~
thanks for the addition.
great tones and the DoF~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful lighting.  I can't even get to comment on your photos any more before they make the front page!You get EXPLORER out of a metal fence!!! You rule man!Congrats on FP - awesome..!

And i'v learnt a new word too - fenceh!  Thanks .. :-)fantastic fence work !! :)
congrats on explore!this is amazing.
absolutely PERFECT composition.Gorgeous DoF work and composition. I like the solid lines of this fence, ornate curls have their place, yet this one has its own elegance. I like the bokeh buildings, also.beautiful image!Awesome work, nicely shot
Congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Excellent comp and beautiful tones and bokeh! A well deserved FP!getting chills - awesome work - congrats on another well-deserved front pageFantastic color and mood.Love the DoF and perspective. Excellent capture!Lovely DoF and light! You always have outstanding photos!That background is amazing!! Beautiful image!!bravo, amigo... sorry, I am so late again... looks like your Explore status is not affected:)::: Hey, and look who is calling who a rebel, you who is posting fenceh on a Monday... but I can see why you wouldn't want to wait on this shot, its brilliant, and needed to be shared right away... 
hope your week treats you like a king, Můj přítel...Congratulations for Explore Front-Page, how you just do that all the time? ;)

BTW: These Lens has some hard green CA's huh? Or is that something different?Awesome shot, well done on Front Page!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)spectacular!as always ( :Fabulous dofolicious and bokehlicious fencekeh Mr Brisson! :)
Congrats on FP - yay! You seriously ROCK now!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Love the FoucsHow have I missed your amazing work?  Wow.  I'm in such awe of the beautiful light you capture!Gorgeous!thats an interesting way to look at an ordinary thing. congrats!
--
Seen on the explore page. ( ?² )Hello Steven,
Killer tones. 
Congratulations on a well deserved #22 on Explore.
Have a lovely Tuesday!Odd how fence shots are so simple yet mesmerizing! Tough one to explain to be honest. With that said, really digging the processing you did here. The tones are superb. Golden goodness and that green tinge is cool. Not surprised it went FP in such a short time.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous tones and DoF, love it!Wonderful DOF.  My family thinks I am nuts when I keep taking pictures of fences like this (or should I say fenceh) Love it!nice abstractamazing!!!Nice compositionCool bo.. eh, fenceh.niceThere is nothing like a good dose of fenceh to make one feel so happy! I just love how the leading lines of the fence match up perfectly with the horizon line...oh, and all of those gorgeous golden trees. You're just too good! Congrats on FP!Gorgeous fence!  Fabulous tone and depth. Sweet, sweet composition. 

Another well deserved Front Page! Congratulations!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)well done no wonder its on explore:)i love the green reflection at the top of the fence. beautiful! :)STUNNING focus and bokeh :Dnice i love itHaha, perfect fenceh! Love the sunny winter mood you captured here.just beautiful!♥fantastic work!Balla capturaGREAT first attempt!!!Beautiful work !!so funkyFoulalalala !! ÉNormeawesomness :)great!DAMN!  That is awesomeYou've got great results here - I've only used brushes once (yesterday!) and couldn't get it looking natural, but you've done a superb job here.This is pretty amazing!dexter meets alien!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WirelessBrain, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome! the colour is superb, full of drama and emotion, so f***ing good i love your workWonderful workwow!! superb work!Outstanding as usual!awesome effects !!Great!damn.  now we're all in trouble.me gusta!!!Thank you all for comment's and thank you  for helping me in stall brushes and having put up with me pestering you for help every 5 minutes!uh-oh, i can see all sorts of nasty stuff coming our way now :)wonderful effect.Awesome, I need to learn that too! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great..Awesome! :) You are truly an artist as well as great photographer!I love what you did with the brushes!good work!
i still don't know how to use them lol ;)Great work Danielle... this is fu**ing amazing.. the colours, the detail and brilliant photoshop work on them brushes !!!

The best..just got better ! :)Magnificent!Seen in Ricks Pix Top 50 (Pool)

GREAT!!!!!esta pocamadreDavvero un buon lavoro, sei grande nelle tue elaborazioni...Crazy!hey. excellent processing. wish i could do this* wow!completely stunning!  i just love its atmosphere :)Amazing! I completely agree about Photoshop. It is like a constant learning experience. Love it!super skillz. 
Love the processing...the gas mask is just lovely.Don't know what you've done or how you've done it but whatever it is it works well. Looks amazing!How do you do that?! That is amazing!!!ExcellentAwesome!perfect shot incredible shot!!!!well done.… i can't to say nothing, if is your first attempt and this is the result… without words…

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!OMG if this is your first try then i have no hope LOL well done much better than some of the people that call themself Pros for sureI haven't used them either, this is great though, well done  :)first attempt!  damn.  i hate you . . . just kidding.  this is cooler than cool.

so, danielle, did you see the pink flamingo on my stream?  i love the color so much.  i was doing a happy screaming dance yesterday.  thank you again and again.  hairlicious i am.Thank you all for comment's was not sure whether it had worked or not.
 yes i was commenting as you were commenting on this, now there's 2 crazy women taking photo's with pink hair!I was trying to clean up my screen from all this blood...freakin rad, I love it

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love it. nice brushwork too, super cool for first proper go :)First attempt?? W-w-o-w, lady... this is well... it's amazing. Bursting with energy.i think i officially love you now dani (sorry andy)....

yeah PS brushes are awsome, i've got blood ones, vein ones, bullet holes and all sorts...

love the pic, you've done a fantastic job with it, your work fuckin rocks!You're gonna love the brushes, there are so many around and they're all so coolFirst attempt? Are you serious?

This looks awesome!!!awesome!!! if this is the first attempt, I'm eager to see what comes next.. :)turned out pretty coollove it..!!!
brilliant work...

--
Seen on us.mg3.mail.yahoo.com ( ?² )great brush job!Great shot.
Really nice work.
CheersAwesome!! Love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)FIRST attempt????

Gah... i really dont like you.
:P

this is ... fucking awesome.Very awesome! This is sooo cool!great ideaGreat shot!

Great attempt` u pulled it thoughgreat eleboration. great work.wow!!JNicely done, great shot !Exciting, and very abstract. Cool.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Matt(ikus) ]this is awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our friends' masterpieces - Invited Only -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brillant work!!wicked! this is blasting my mind, damn cool.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very cool!!!innovativecool little splashesWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThe work are very good indeed pls how can i show case my own pic.pls reply back how are my going to do itYou can reach me on catherine4show2345@yahoo.com.wecan chat there i we be very gladThis is awesomeoriginal shot and work, seen on explore :-)N i c EHi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!congrats on Explore!!If this is your first attempt then we're in for some grey things to come. This is great! :-)Cool action shot! Well done!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]I love this soooo much, the mask looks awesome I want one! Pretty amazing. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.excellent job.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3966611...Very nice shot.. Seen in Explore and FP!congrats on FPcool...front page!!Great used of Brush ^^
Lovely Splashes  ;) and the mask is just Great
Well done for this workDang!Nice!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Motion Capture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!whaatver this is, its amazing!!!great work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthThe infinite usage of PS :) Great expertiment and Great Job!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )this is your 1st time using paint brush in photoshop? WOW! very nice work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!--That could never been done with us!
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome!!Greatest Shoot!!!sometimes brushes helps me , when i m  creativeless ahahahaGorgeous!!Lovely!!!  Simply Lovely!!

Enjoy your day Anna :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)i love your dress and your hairrr! :)gorgeous colours! love the dress and compositionI just love these shots!i really like your hair, damn! and the dress too, of course!gorgeous dress, comp., light &amp; your hair is ADORABLE! ;)you rock.very powerful pic - excellentlooooooove this shot :)Love the negative space and the arch of your back in conjunction with it.eeps! so close!!I'm going to be so sad when you finish!!  But so happy for you.  Especially since you originally didn't think you'd be able to finish this project at all. :)So beautiful!amazing series!!beautiful. I am going to hate seeing the end of this project!beautifulWow - your hair looks amazing in this one..

350! How the hell did THAT happen???So simple, but so beautiful. And 15 days! Eeeeek!Only 15 more days of awesomesauce.

/cryYou look so tiny and delicate here. I really like this photo- oh and the compostion too!Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveninggrear portrait and tones!Looking fab Missy :) love the positioning in this shot :)love the mood and composition!
amazing shot as always.beautiful shot! I love the mood and tones!the tones...ahhh, the colors are so beautiful!
beautiful, beautiful shot :)You can go for a round 2, up the stakes... make up some rules.. you know you want to.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/flashflood] Actually, it has crossed my mind :) Though, I've SWORN to myself I'll take a few weeks off, and if I do a round two, I want to work more with my Holga. Which means I'll have to set up a dark room in my basement.

AH!!!!!!!!! The possibilities!!!!!!!!!time flies when you are having fun right? love, love the title... and of course the picture Anna!Great photo!wow so amazingLook at you! Wow. Love the vulnerability of this pose... and your hair is lovely falling down like that. Also, love the minimalist feel to the composition. And congrats on being near the end!You're so close!  I hope you keep posting relatively regularly!love the pose and the crop.. can't believe it is T-15... :)The sigh makes me think that you want to keep going... do it!  Omg I will die without your pictures. :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful shot ! (:Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Me encanta esta foto, es genial!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Famous Square Captures (Post 1 shot, Comment and fave 2 others), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellent with that framing!!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.I think you should give us another 365 Project! Please! :)this is so fucking great !Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3318309...Congratulations for taking this awesome picture and making it to FP!
Here is the screenshot of this photo clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22741

Curious to check your other photos on FP? Just click here :-)lovevery niceThis is really gorgeous!  Congrats on FP.Nicely done.Nice!!!So very gorgeous. I love the colours and tones. Cute pose :-) 
well done on your explore too!


-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/excellent shot seen on FP:-)Love this picture. Here's why:

1. The colors of the light.
2. The colors of your dress.
3. The style of your HAIR.
4. You only have 15 more days to go! 

Congrats!gorgeous portrait! and the hair is awesomebeautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )I love the simplicity of this shot. The colors are nice too!Awesome work. You should add steps on  how you did this.i like the angle!great pic.the angle and the sky is so beautiful
wonderfffffful
:) 
:)damn,..... u still da man! spectacular as always my man! = ]epic!greatnessgreat sky!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is really good. nice jobWere you using high-speed sync for this, since you're shutter speed was at 1/4000?

It's hard to believe those are bare flashes, the light doesn't look too hard at all.Pretty crazy sky, looks like a long exposure. Excellent perspective too. I'm hoping to get some nice cloud shots in the near future, this time of year is pretty much the only one in LA where we get nice big partly cloudy days.You kinda look like Taylor Lautner upon first glance. I love the sky and the colors.brilliant shot dude! niiiiice!Fantastic angle, the blades of grass, the sky, the lighting are spot on.ah so brilliant. i needa get a gorilla pod. and start updating more cuzl i got competition lolVery cool!  Nice lighting and I love that sky, what a great background!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Strobist.com&quot; (?)Excellent work!!amazing scene! look at those clouds!This. Is. So. Freaking. Beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excellent angle!stunning!  love the angle :)My NEW favorite.hats off man, awesome place and feel
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )this is one of theshot that YOU yourself looks so so stunning infavbut sky and cloudes fall a little bitAmazing lighting broAmazing!!!Clouds are indeed an amazing thing to photograph, mainly because they are never the same way twice. I particularly love cloud formations against rich blue skies. Again, and as usual, lovely portrait dude!boy you are a person with so much class :)Great !awesome! did you use CLS? somehow when I use CLS outside it doesn't fire most of the timeGreat shotwow 
great shot 
the colors are really incredible !!Nice men.Nice Shot and good lighting.Dammn good !awesomeExcellent shot and Congratulation for your Awesome shot.very nice capture!
EXCELLENT IMAGE !!!

Seen in:
**HARMONY**(Post 1-Comment 3)Really great self-portrait using what is availableNice one !Great and simple.Great shot! Love the perspective!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Wow .... Fantastica!!!!This is amazing in so many ways! Great job!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.congrats on explore !!Great shot!

Cool shot and perspective.Very professional looking. Looks like an advertising shoot.Great posed shot~i really must learn how u set up ur flashes....... such good resultsfantastic work!!Perfect. Great viewpoint and a fantastic mood.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Wow.  Inspiring...Great photo!  You have really mastered the speedlights.Absolutely incredible, amazing lighting.excellent... nicely processedgreat one!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please join the group as well.beautiful shot!Incredible !Great use of lighting. Wondeful shot.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South ]Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Excelent:
I feel well, when I walk
on my way...Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3176719...oh wow this is amazing!!Great shot! Love the sky! Great composition too!excellent shot seen on FP :-)ExploreCool.congrats on explore.
this is super nice, and enjoyable to look at...looks awesome, great job!Amazing as always!Great picturePOOR LIL BOY...IS SAD....FRANNY GIVES MY LAP 2 U ;D
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comgreat portrait, good jobJust a splendid image-
everything in this photos works perfectly-perspective, colors, composition etcThis is amazing!Nice :DSo nice =)i think this is AMAZING!!!!!!!!  i love it!  :)great treatment..captivating.what an intense perspective. put so much thought into it, nice work!amazing picture seen on explorestunning capture!So cinematic! Fantastic shotwow, awesome portrait

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great shot!awesome photo! I love the colors and the lighting. 
the pose is great too :)wow! you're very good! Especially for someone so young! Blown away by your streamThis photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeLovely shot....
love it :)this is simply brilliant!!!wow cool, creative shot! yummieOoooh what a fab idea! :-)ooh I love it .. great idea =)you have some fantastic ideas, nice shot :)aha cute idea (:Clever shot! Very clever....Lovely idea. I love your titles!I looooove this!! :) :) :)lovley :D your tomato is so love :DI always knew I loved french fries with all my heart for a reason. ;)

So very creative...love the glimmer of light, long shadows and hearty sparkle.Me, me!  Love ketchup!  So creative!Heinz to Prezidents
I luv itHa-ha! Funny and great idea!!!!pretty amazing....!Nothing new, you rock!
Love you composition, love the lighting and of course LOVE the idea that you pulled-off. Impressing me again and again and again and again, L! =) ..
You do do it for yourself but still thanks a lot for doing all these and sharing! =)Great composition!
Love the hearts inside the bottle :)i looove it greatgreat idea! ketchup chocolates!!one of my best friends hates tomatoes and i love ketchup so much lol
great idea, though! i love the light :)Very cute idea!great idea, works really wellAmazing idea!! such a simple one...i love it!!!:)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Neat concept!Haha! love this!:Dgorgeous! i love ittHaha, I don't, but it's a great picture!very nice!!Clever idea!well, i know i love this shot better than ketchup!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)soo creative and clever!
love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No Flowers Challenge - NEW CONTEST&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LOVE is the theme, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

so creative  -  I would take heart ketchup!Haha -- that's awesome.  Nice idea!  :)haha..lovley...love it......!!Very cute!I love it……alright i love ketchop.           : pCool. Love this details.Brilliant!very creative shot, i like! :)Very clever!  Congrats on Explore!Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.brilliant! :DCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3095396...OMG...SOOO SWEET ♥
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comcongrats on FP!!! again

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)lovely idea.This is a really beautiful compo!haha this is such a good idea! great work:)Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)I'm thinking, that's not ketchup...
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Laura.great idea!Another great idea for a shot :) And congrats on explore!
Unfortunately, I do not love ketchup :pCool shot!I love the creativity that you have and the picture has a lot of detail!!!nice idea
so creativeI love the jar! And the hearts look great.  Good representation :-) and well done on explore x

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Congrats on FP--this is so creative and fun!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Genious! Congrants on FP :)Well done
This is a Quality Photograph!
Your photo has been voted
OUTSTANDING :

&quot;The &quot;Q&quot; Quality Photographs: Invited Photos Only&quot;
Post 1 Vote for 2You are very creative!!!
LOVE this...no pun intended...lolgrats btw well deserved my hats off and a hearty HUZZZZAAAA!This is SO cute and creative!  I LOVE it!!!  =)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.this is so cute! :D
i LOVE ketchup.So cool, I love it. And yes, ketchup is good.Great idea!clever!cute!ahah:) nice composition:)This is awesome! Love it : )oooh so cute!so cute, love it!Cool take on the straws pic and great coloursI love the colours in thisBeautiful!!Colours are fab!!love itGorgeous - I love this!  I bought some straws from Ikea yesterday to do a similar shot!SO cool. great shotGots to love Ikea straws! They're lovely colours - Mine are too bright.Very cool :)Very pretty indeed! I too have found that HPAD has really altered the way I look at everyday things around me.this is really coolFab shot!Fab!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Great colours.cool colourful shotHow cool! Very funky straws!Nice bright colours.  Great idea.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow...
this is great... my fave...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)these are ace!The colours are ace!Great idea.Wonderful shot, thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great shot!wow so amazing :D 
nice job :) loved it :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1559942...your photos are all amazing!! was a tripod used for any?

sGreat shot!
Nice colors!
--
seen in exploreCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22706

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Very nice shot and great colours!Fab shot, love the colours.wonderful shot, great tones and light

Beautiful :-)

Seen on FluidrBeautiful colorsSeen In ExploreGreat shot!

Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Beautiful!
I love the colours and the twist in the straws.Great!beautiful :)Very creative and beautiful!!!!very nicefun!Love it!!!!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Love this, great colours.Omgodness, loooooooove the colors.Great colors and composition.

Seen on FluidrHi, I'm an admin for a group called Spiral', and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very Cool love the colors 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!Very nice composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 50+ FAVORITES[Post 1: Award 3], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful - the colours are fabReally nice!Love it!nice cool prespective :)So very cool!Very cool composition and lighting!All the above.  That took a lot of work.Great colorsCongrats on front page!!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Omg! Color! Yay!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!well doneA very dynamic and eye grabbing image.

 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??amazing colors !!!wow fantastic!
nice idea and well done!great colors and composition! nice idea!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.They seem like huge pipes! 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!Simple and so effective!simple and great mesasge there.WEES Simple and effective!Such a great interpretation!this is fantasticThank you so much, and what a fab shot!Just seen in 'interestingness'!!!  YAY!A great representationP.s Is it ok if I use your photo on my blog?
xcourse it is, Bryony x

Thanks for the Explore heads up, Cat!Love the simple shot. Really effective.Thank you! xgreat photo to raise awareness

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Such a striking shot, for a fabulous cause xgreat photo representation.so creative... well done


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)nice shot :) 
great idea :)eat kiwi and the ringing stops :P
fah real
fantastic imagedon't think we have this in canada, but i've had tinnitus for a few years and it's pretty crappy :(This is so simply and beautifully executed. Well done!great image and great cause.
i have been suffering from strong tinnitus for three years now, and i can easily say it's the worst thing that ever happened to me. 

careful with these headphones, they bring music way too close to the ear drums! :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3850675...great shot - gratz on FPAwesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22708. 

Your all FP are listed here.Great representation!Great shot, well done on front page!innovativeI like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.com
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Very timely. I just received an ipod with ear buds and have been using them at the gym- my ears started ringing almost immediately.Awww, the earbuds are snuggling!nice shot

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Great photo.Awesome, great photo. Well done on explore and for raising awareness. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.great !WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/The contrast is beautiful!My father have it for more than 30 years now. I had it once but everything is fine now !Simple but beautiful!Thank you letting me know that this was National Tinnitus Awareness week. I hadn't heard. ;-)ipod earphone?This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Simple but awesome :)

Thank you!Fab shot, so clear!Nice sharp new pencils, great detailed shotLovely detail.  Greant pencil shot!I love the detail.  Excellent shot!Love that, will echo everyone else, great detail!Great detailFabulousNice shotlovely colours! :DFantastic focus!Do you know, I've still never done a close up pencil shot.  And I must, this is fab!Beautiful pencil crayon shot. What makes it so good is the choice of colours, and the superb DoF from super sharp to silky smooth. Fantastic.Woww! excellent photo (:Brilliant shotGreat colours and textureGorgeous, I have been thinking of something similar, just purples.
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Gorgeous, fabulous macro.thanks everyone :)

beatrizmacias, that sounds lovely - I'll look forwards to seeing that.Gorgeous details and lovely colours. 

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010beautiful image and colors.fab focusbeautiful light and colors...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)lovely detail in this....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY wonderful macro shot :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4475121...No, I can't ;-))
Wonderful crayon shot, love all the colours.Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Cool!!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Beautiful!I love this !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called art supplies, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great capture!!Grat! Flickr FP!wonderful and big congrats on front page....great details.. excellent shot !!magnificient DoF!great shot - a selective coloring here would be awesomeSuper!!!!!!!!!!!

_ _
www.that-that.ru
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!You're right, everyone else is, one simply just has to do a crayon shot.Very very nice!! :Dvery nice! see in explorervery nice shot!nice shot!Very nice work
 
Seen in Almost
Anything
Please tag your photo &quot;AlmostAnythingHi, I'm an admin for a group called 50+ FAVORITES[Post 1: Award 3], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Pencils rule!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Superb pencil shot!Wonderful shot!! Memories of going back to school!!Awesome.  I love pencils!i absolutely love this!wonderfully done! i love the soft color and the detail!Texture and light is amazing!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Omg! Color! Yay!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Love this! Congrats on FP!I like it!great detail and colours! Simply love it! 
Great work!
Ciao!VISIT MY FLICKR:

www.flickr.com/grippabru

*-*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PiP  {Poetry In Pictures}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!thanks everyone :)Excellent!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Fabulous ^^Please consider joining and adding this excellent image to the tabletop group at: www.flickr.com/groups/creative_tabletop_photography/I love the details on the pencils!Nice!!! I walked out to the beach to watch last night- it was so beautiful over the water with the crescent moon. My husband was a Structural Engineer (USA) on OV-105. He'll enjoy seeing this.

Thanks!Terrific photo, Robyn.  What a great experience to be there at the last night launch.Amazing!  I am so jealous!  Ever since I was a kid, I have wanted to see a shuttle launch, especially at night.

I am glad you made it and the launch actually took place.  It was great seeing you last week.Yay!!! :Dawesome!Excellent photo.Yay! I'm glad the weather finally cleared enough for it to happen. So jealous you got to see that in person.Sweet!!Great picture - where was it taken from?I can't imagine what it must be like being there and being able to *feel* those SRBs ignite.I watched it on tv last night, but it can't compare to being there I bet. Very awesome oppurtunty for you Robyn.Yay!!  Congrats on catching the liftoff, I'm glad the weather finally broke and they didn't have to delay too long, must have been even more cool to be there!Nice pic. It was cool to watch it take off.So cool! Great that you got to be there!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)@willow - when did he work there? Small chance he and I may have crossed paths. :)

@gmac - I took this from the turn basin, which is in area about a 10 minute walk from the Launch Conyrol Center, or just a bit north of the press site (where the countdown clock on tv is). 

thanks everyone! as I catch up on sleep, I'll post more photos.So jealous that you got to be so close to it again. Glad to see you'll enjoying yourself.Outstanding image, great shot and treatment.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Please add this picture to my flickr group: STS-130Great exposure!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beautiful Photo Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Genius!! Absolutely amazing, well done! :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2837136...Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22727

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)WOAH great lighting! love it fosho.Great shot, I'm so jealous!! I was on the Causeway for the Sunday am launch but lost my ticket due to the last minute scrub. I had to view it from Melbourne Beach and while spectacular, I got no good shots.
Again, congratulations on a great shot of the last night launch.wow!!!!!!!!!!
Super!!!!!!!!!!!

_ _
www.that-that.ru
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!wow love it!This is AwesomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called Space &amp; Space, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Woooooooooow @@ Complimenti: bella foto! 


Fotografi di Torino e Provincia ma non solo...You did an awesome job with your last photo in person.  Super shot!That is fantastic, you lucky thing! Still hoping to get down there before they're done for good...WOW!   Great shot!  I will probably never see a Shuttle Launch in person...Congratulations!!! Excellent photo.wow, this is incredible.
very niceWHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/wow!! great!!!Great photo. Well done on explre zzBrilliant capture.  Most have been an awesome experience being there. Great photography!!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Yeah, lets see...my husband, Barry Willoughby, work there in 2004 and 2005. He's now at Boeing. You may know Tom Mogel-lead structures engineer on OV-105. 
Cheers! And just a funny note;  I volunteered at PAWS for a small while. Small world.Wow !! GREAT SHOT OF STS-130 MY FRIEND !!-
Excellent Exposure !!! !!
Great composition and tones !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome shot, love the image.............Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Stunning capture!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)This couldn't have been an easy shot to take. Amazingly done, though.Fantastisk lys/skygge og varm/kaldt kombinasjon, men plommen i egget eller prikken over i'en om du vil, det er jo den lille kjeppen som ypper seg mot kjempen i det fjerne.  &quot;Bare kom igjen du!&quot; :-DAbsolutt enig med ovenstående! Helt nydelig bilde, gir et varmt inntrykk av et kaldt landskap. Godt gjort - igjen :)The light is really amazing. There's the perfect contrast between lights and shadows. The golden light give a warm color to this cold landscape. I really appreciate the composition too with the small branch in the foreground. Excellent picture! ;-)this is amazing!
lovely.Such beautiful light &amp; a long shadow!!!!absolutely beautiful!!! i like color is not too vivid.wowAll alone in the midst of a stark white wilderness yet it appears as if surrounded. The luminosity is startlingly warm and gentle yet the whole picture retains an air of sub zero temperatures.
Excellent once again Gunnar :)))Very dramatic and beautiful.Flott med skyggen som kommer i mot. Bra bilde!Beautiful shot, lovely colours and perfect composition.Dette ble vedig bra, likte den laaaange skyggen fra treet. Flott lys også.Esplendida. La luz perfecta.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Wow great work congrats on explore!amazingness! well done!superb shot
Wonderful !Nice catch! Too bad the horizon is off axis.....Wonderful shot - Well done!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Great light and shadow.

Seen on FluidrAs always, great work! I really like the compostion and the warm light reflected of the snow. The twig in the foreground is a nice detail toowow !!
Amazing ..

....


A fantastic winter scene. You have captured the loneliness and the coldness in a magnificent composition. The colours are superb.love the lightning! great shot!Flott komposisjon! Utrolig bra med skyggen fra treet som kommer mot deg!AMAZING SHOT!!! Beautiful!surely it's cold, but I feel a warm thing...I have a huge obsession with bare trees right now.
This is lovely....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY trees in isolation are one of my favorite subjects!My 2D teacher just walked by and said, &quot;My man, Cornel! I got to eat with him one time.&quot; haha..This picture is so awesome! Perfect framing and light. I love the coffee cup and the bokeh and all that other technical jargin, but what I love most is the expression you captured. ACE shot man! P.S. I wanna come shoot with you guys.. you gonna be around over the weekend?I knew that was you!  I was there with my boyfriend. haha!Does marcellus wallace LOOK like a bitch?!

nice nicenice photo and compositionBeca - Awesome.  let's browse Tim's photostream during 2D class.  Haha...

Justin - Ironically they all get coffee cups for these interviews.  Tony Blair's was in the corner of the pic too, haha.  I think I should be free this weekend.  let me know! (steal cait too)

Chelsea - andddddd you didn't even say hi?  D:

Norbertski - AWESOME MOVIE.  i love it.

Ed - ThanksGreat light and capture!!!Wonderful portrait and lighting. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Strobist.com&quot; (?)Loooove your lighting techniques!cool! :Dgreat shot! love the expression.NICE.great environmental portrait. i'd say you definitely captured his personality here. the coffee cup is a nice touch, too :)Good job man, that's a great opportunity. Where's his afro highlight coming from, is that just ambient?haha what a cool looking guy :D 

great portrait, nice jobwasn't he on the council? i'm gonna have to go watch those movies now! GREAT portrait tim!! :-)Cornel west rocks my world! He was on call + Response which is a documentary on Human trafficking. This guy is awesome!!!!! Can't believe you met him!You were like sitting in my row.  Or your coat was .  I didn't want to approach you and you be like &quot;No I don't know you fool&quot;This is so cool. He was in the Matrix?!!? Have to go see it ...Congrats..Man..I heard him speak a couple of times..and ran in to him..too..he is a great speaker..I got a shot of him singing..lol...i had about 2 hours to shoot with him..all was work related..but he is a cool guy..and he takes his time with the people..his bodyguards..suck big balls..Great ! Great shot!!
i Love it :)maddd luckyyPerfect lighting there.
The hairs looks really great.

Nice job.

Seen on FluidrHe's the man!Great man and great portrait!Nice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2911518...that's a brilliant portraitCongratulations for taking this awesome picture and making it to FP!
Here is the screenshot of this photo clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22737

Curious to check your other photos on FP? Just click here :-)Haha, I love this! There's so much character to it. x]Great shot!!wonderful portrait an light! congratulations!I love this dude!

Really great photo of him man.another amazing portrait.  love the lighting.nice shotReally nice! I like the colors most. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ver niceHi, I'm an admin for a group called Being themselves, and we'd love to have this added to the group!what a beautiful girlof course, and you came back beautifully!Beautiful!   Nice lips, nice lightthis is fantastic! i love the eyes!!!!what a stunning portrait. Great light and i love the eyeliner. :P really pretty!Nice portrait...
Intense!

well done :)Wow...the lips are amazing..is that lipgloss? Love the details in the hair..everything about this portrait is lovely! 

PS. Love your  website and the music thats on it!! Well done!!Excellent!W o n d e r f u l !
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Lovely light.nice work !Really nice, Anastasiait's still dramatic, i like it : )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Flickr Portrait Gallery, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love the shimmer!yep. I've missed you :) and I'm glad you're back!Amazing focus! 
I love the lightning here!estupenda fotoGorgeous light! Wow. Beautiful selfie.Feel the feelling.A++++yes, i missed you - this is awesome - hope you are having afabulous Monday :) !Beautiful!ooohhh....so pretty!!!
Always love your SP's !Yesss!

Love your work!Beautiful selfie :)The photo stream hasn't been the same since you left....Thats what R Kelly said....

Love the Pic  -  Interesting distortions.fantastic use of depth! 
your eyes are mesmorisinggorgeouschiie.. i wish i'm as talented as you are. your're photos are so great and inspiringWow!pretty fantasticyou have no idea how much!you are gorgeous!! beautiful sp!I love this portrait...Beautiful portrait, nice work.fantastic! beauty lights, colour, wonderful modelIt's GORGEOUS!Love your eyeliner! ;)great work, love the passionJust lovely!  Beautiful light and glimmer on the lips.Of course!so nice.this is beautiful!!! i never know how u do it :):) gorgeousyou're so beautiful!omg such handsome!!!!

gr8 portraitnaturalYes! Love the sparkly lips. What a beautifully lit selfie.Very nice portrait with excellent lighting.Very prettythis is nice thanks 4 sharingMuy bonito el retrato y la composición.
Un saludo!!A special portrait, niceгубы - восхитительная деталь)
и вообще - красиво! &lt;3This light and focus are so damn beautiful, Tash...
Really beautiful shot! Great!Really? It's a perfect shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait Group -Cropped Portraits, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastic selfie!fantastic selfie!
btw, your twitter background is amazing! love it!Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningOMG! You're gorgeous! and I really love your work ;)Simply Fantastic !!!This has a multi-dimensional feel to it, as if we're catching you at a precise moment in time, which of course we are! Anyway, I like it!awesome light and bokeh!she's so beautiful, and the light on the eye is lovelywhat a beautiful portrait. random shots are always great in my opinion.волшебнаяtoujours aussi belle!!...wonderful light!gah! you're incredibly gorgeous
wonderful closeup!Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow.so beautifulthis is beautifulVery beautiful... well composed ( or cropped).... Good one!
___

When you find time, do visit my Photostream. Thanksbeautiful 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful self!really wonderful colors and great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )bellissimo ritratto ottima realizzazione,complimentigreat light!!

Seen on FluidrEs una maravilla esta foto!!!Gorgeousvery nice portrait and lightthen no, i didnt miss you from my stream. i only have tongue for sugar.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper -just 2 days pls VOTE!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsinquadratura molto particolare, espressione naturale bello

Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Me gustaVery beautiful. And yes superb photography.очень miss u !Of course!!   You are the best part ;-)  So lovely!Très sensuelle !Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DVery Beautiful portraitSuch a beautiful shot.This is so killer and lovely. Awesome, love the tones and expressionYes, I did! You are so stunning. Love the lips!

Seen on Fluidri like the lighting and focus and your sparkly lips! =]your expression is very unique.beautiful light!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Yesssss.....!I just can't get over how much I love this shot. I've come back to look several times!Gorgeous~!~beautiful portrait!... wonderful ... light and color excellent !!!!!...Such Beauty...you? beautiful! :) and goooooorgeous shot! the light is just perfect :-oHi, I'm an admin for a group called Portfolio of People ~ Post 1 - Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

very niceHi, I'm an admin for a group called All amazing shots, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fine art! lovelyJust one image!This is so lovely and calm!your home is gorgeous!Hello Helen : ) : )! thank you!
Iva, thank you ,too for your always so nice comments : )Ohhh I just want to curl up in this room with a book, or some knitting, and some wine... (white of course!) :)  Just lovely.i love this view of your living room! it shows very well how the space feels as a whole :) instead of only little corners (but as you know all your little corners are lovely too!)you created such lovely mood! really wonderful!!Lisa, I 'll offer you white wine : )...will you teach me how ti knit ? : D
Isis, thank you...twice  ( for the whole and the little corners)    ; )It looks so cozy and full of light. Congratulations on such a bright apartment. I am a little jealous. And you know what, the days are getting longer so I'm looking forward to see the summer light in your home.Elena, thank you : )!

Harmonie 81, thank you, too very much!
..in the summer we sometimes need sunglasses in the sofa area, unless the umbrella is open at the balcony...no joke! It's quite bright but we both love light and sun, so everything is ok!
The light, the big window and  the cylindrical stairs leading to a second 
&quot;open &quot; floor are the main reasons this apartment was chosen, despite some disadvantages which we simply...overcome....very pretty I/I!Love it!okay, i want your house.  this is seriously beautiful, looks better than ones i've seen in home decorating magazines!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thank you all!
Nancy, I 'll accept the huge compliment from you... : ) : )Again: I'm currently looking for a new flat and... you make me dream! :)....well...: )....so long as it's also realized!.... sure it will : )Gorgeous!Thank you Katie Rosie : )!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4021362...Peaceful and calm...........Hi sweet Madhu, thank you... : )
Bern@t: thank you very much! I 'll do that later tonight : )WOOOW...THE CANDLES R PRETTY,THE LAMP,THE WHOLE APARTMENT IS AWESOME ♥
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22728

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)very cool !!!!!

_ _
www.that-that.ruGorgeous room...... I wish it was mine lol!!!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Lovely shot and very pleasant place :-)

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Wow - great light and composition!

Seen on FluidrSuch a beautiful room.. love the soft tonesBeautiful design!To all who have commented and left a nice word about this picture and the space itself:

Thank you very much : )!Lovely home..........superb shot!...: )Lovely.I want to live there...:Dlovely place!Cool room!!I wished I could live there .. beautiful !Fabulous!!Not only is it beautiful but it has an amazing feeling to it. Hard to explain...just a wonderful warm place.beautiful lighting, looks like a great place to relax~Hello everyone! thank you for the kind comments : )
I am really quite surprised that this picture became so popular...I like so much more other shots of our tiny space....but then I guess all the nice feeling and atmosphere that was there, at that moment, must have just simply reached you!Love Light's ¡ 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Ivy.You are welcome : )[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nautilus7308/4337262790/]

very like the flat
similar tastes

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nautilus7308/4337262328/]omg i want to live like that! :)love thisWhat a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Gorgeous!  Congratulations on Explore!White.
 :)lovethis is awfully wonderful.holy crap! Pretentious Art Klüb?cool filmamazing.what are you reading?he's reading a poem by Walt Whitman.This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!Very clever idea. Love it.

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?);-) Big SmilesYou managed to outgun yourself again, Nicolas :-))

Have a wonderful week!where you going with that gun Woody?   You are the man!mafia project  ; could be !!It's a wonder he didn't shoot out your lens!very creative set up as always.......I like it my friend....:))&quot;Say 'ello to my 'lil friend!&quot;

Fantastically innovative and well-done MM!cool framing (pov) and dof!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Sweet, great use of DoF!I love all the detail - especially the little bullet holes!say hello to my lil friend!Just love it!KILLER shot, Nic! (pun intended).  I'm all over this one.  Brilliant!haha, niiice!Very creative!  Love it!hehehe ... perfectyou shot woody shooting you ! great MM!Excellent. There is a Clint Eastwood quote from Dirty Harry I can hear!hilarious manGood thing I &quot;ducked.&quot; Haha. Great &quot;shot.&quot; Haha, Sorry-had to be cheesy ;)This made me smile! Great idea and I like the composition.Whoa...scary woody!Haha... Wow... awesome shot and such an interesting prospective!Haha. ExcellentOriginal idea!

Congratulations!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1255378...this is a genial idea! maybe you should clean a bit you lense or senror? there are some spots.. however it's a great shot!Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Wow, powerful shot (both you and the wooden guy!). Very creative, love it!

Congrats on Front Page Explore!!!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Very creativ and well done!nice idea pefectly doneI will never wash my furnitures with Pledge again.

Seen on FluidrGreat work!
--
seen in exploreAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.This photo is a goodThis is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Superb workpowerfulFav 
=)
I like itWIN!Back to say: Congrats on FP and another sweet Explore, Nicolas! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Brilliant! I love these.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThis is just great.original shot and work, seen on explore :-)too nice!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Brilliant MM,  Nicolas!  Big congrats!Come on!  No one said.  &quot;Say hello to my little friend!&quot;  

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Awesome. You really nailed this shot.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very Al Capone. a most creative &quot;shot&quot; indeed...Awesome point of view shot.  Great concept and cool image.This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Brilliant!Good idea !cool and funnytem :x
bị thix
đẹp qáaaaaaaaaa=) cảm ơn eđẹp lắm :x:Xđẹp mắt~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Reasons to live on Earth, and we'd love to have this added to the group!google translation ?! :))yap ~!Molto bellaàh há... jốg dara 2NE1..nice hair style~![http://www.flickr.com/photos/22955175@N05/] =)) thật á chị?
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/achew/] thnks :Dtất cả đều đẹp :Xmắt xjh wá cDara của đời tôiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii...:&quot;&gt;mắt đẹp wa . Chi make up đẹp lắm á &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3Che bella!! La foto e la modella...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ulzzang on Flickr, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

môi kìa &lt;3hic , dep qa' :xmàu đẹp quá Ly ới :X:XThich mau the' :(
Dara :&quot;&gt;xinh qá :X
đôi mắt đẹp nhất xDcàng ngày càng đẹp =((giống Brown eyes girlsNhìn sang sang [http://www.flickr.com/photos/9664863@N03/] :) Chuyện. Hơn cả Dara ý chứ ! :) =))))))
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kmaproduction/] :&quot;&gt; Ly mà lị ! :&quot;&gt; =))
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/annapiano/] =) đẹp j. Dnày xấu dã man ế
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/phuong_possible/] giống Gain.. mà cứ bảo giống dara =))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 美和藝術  Beauty and Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Một shot rất đẹp!thích vl :((đẹp quá :Xmắt mũi miệng iu tất :X :XLy chụp bằng iphone sao đẹp thế.D chụp n cứ mờ mờ sao ý  :((beautiful[http://www.flickr.com/photos/baby_o0o_roxy1991/] :(( đéo thấy có j thik vl cả! :((
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/35089057@N02/] :&quot;&gt; mờ mà. :(( L đang ước có máy ảnh mà có đc đâu D. 
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/dezallez/] thnks  XDcông nhận là cái nà quá xinh :X:X:X:X:Xrất rất rất ảo =))Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DWonderful photo.superb shotBeautiful shot. I love it.oi brow eyes girl :xBeautiful girl :DChuẩn quá chị ơi .. :x很有气质~吸引人的眼球！[http://www.flickr.com/photos/22886537@N00/] :&quot;&gt;This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.sexy eyesLy chuẩn màaaaaaaaaaa....:X thích...:))đang ở vn hả em :Dosao a laij nghĩ vậy =)
e mà ở Vn thì đã bắt a chụp cho e rồi .. =)tưởng tết nhất về đây đi chơi với bọn anh :D:( e mà về đc e đã về rồi.
Muốn lắm. Nhưng vướng học hànhwow~gd!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.lovely!Creativity is second to none, very wonderfulGreat view and great sky!amazing!
what a brilliant sky!
stunningYour landscapes are the best!!Beautiful scene, and very nice HDR processing. Not overdone, not underdone - just right.Great Image, I want to hike where you hike.WOW!  Stunning, Eric.  Is this a multiple exposure hdr?  I thought it was just one well-metered, perfect exposure.one of your best yet....[http://www.flickr.com/photos/avcellshots/] I wish. No amount of good metering could have exposed the land without the sky going pure white. Or was that a compliment? lol I'm denseThanks for the nice comments, my friends. Made my Monday morning.Beutiful location and an equally beautiful shot.Oh ABSOLUTELY a compliment.  Flawless shot, E.N I C E walk...Beautiful landscape here.Excellent silky HDRMuzz the light is fantastic, it's a great advert for Oly cameras in the right hands! This photo made my Monday too! Thanks for sharing matebeautiful shot.. great colorsThis is an HDR job?  Wow.  Somebody who knows when enough is enough.  Well done.Terrific work. The sheep on the hillside look almost like rocks.
Passive Aggressive CommentThis is proper HDRI have to unfave this.  It's dark on my home Macbook.

--
Seen in  Post 1 leave 3 passive aggressive comments, notes, or tags (?)It's fine on my iMac and iPhone.I'm not used to you being in PAC, Jack.=)

--
Seen in  Post 1 leave 3 passive aggressive comments, notes, or tags (?)The detail in the foreground is wonderfully done. The rest  is equally delightful!very niceexcellent shot!Wow..Simply wow.Beautiful composition! Great jobWow...this is spectacular!Very nicely composed, great view.


Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EAQIO, and we'd love to have this added to the group!So sharp. Perfect spot. 
The rays from the sun on the right are just great.

Good job !

Seen on FluidrGreat depth of field, nice colors!

Seen on Fluidrbeatiful ray of lightI thought you where the one person immune to HDR fever. Take some more PAC pills, it will make it go away.Nope. I make them when necessary and have for years. ;)mission accomplished.

PACamazing image!  Love it

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Awards 2 Fave 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot;  
invited with SICI (2009-12-01)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our friends' masterpieces - Invited Only -, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful tones, well done!!I like everything about this! Just beautiful, beautiful work! Well done!Gorgeous shot!!Did you ever get your Lucky Charms back?very nice shot!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/mr_sir/] Are you saying Riverside, California is magically delicious?Wonderful !You upload on Monday mornings? Wow, that's dedication. :)I have a backlog of shots. I can stop shooting for a while now. But winter is the best time to do landscapes in Southern California. Most of the rest of the year the sky is too plain.Amazing shot! The light is fantastic - you've captured so much atmosphere here...nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4903959...Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!This view is absolutely breathtaking!
great shot.Good work.Thanks everyone!Nice colour and lightingSimply amazing!I like how you've given it a kind of cinematic, fantasy look - reminds me of LOTR.superbWonderful! So calm and dramatic at once...beeindruckend.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )This is spectacular Yves. Love the reflected clouds on the water, and the trio of boats along the still water gives it a really strong composition.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Beautiful Yves !Die Stille vor dem Sturm...großartig !Thank you so much all!! 

@ooh mamma mia.. danke dafür, das passt sehr gut!! :)So wonderful, as always.Is this the same as the other with different processing? I really love them both. Fabulous work.Thank you both!! 

@Rachel, yes same same.. but different. :)

Fantastic shot!
The clouds look so beautiful, and the reflectionBeautiful! great clouds render and gorgeous peacefulness 
~ I like it much much more in bw (also don´t like the texture add on this scene) 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DayDreamers • flickrin' friends of DDmagazine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesomebeautiful capture. i am really impressed from photos of your trip. wonderful.wow great!I see..this is a different version...LOVED the other one as well,but this one is perfectly fitting with the title....always love the tranquility/silence before the storm. So much anticipation! 

Beautiful work and treatment Yves! 
your photos never cease to stun me.
this one is jaw-dropping amazing!Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light....love those stunning ripples,...loneliness is sometimes beautiful,Great B&amp;W, love the contrast.great photoGreat work!brilliant, my friend... its like they are near the edge of the world... what an amazing atmosphere....Wow!!!!Great photo! Wonderful clouds.that cloud texture is awesomeGreat photoVery impressive!

Ciao,
Andyawesome reflection!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)wow pretty dramatic!! looks like some heavy storm was on the way :) love itvery beaituful composition!
--
Seen in the group&quot;DayDreamers • flickrin' friends of DDmagazine&quot; ( ?² )This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Great work, the clouds are superbHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!uuuhhhh... wow! i love this. great composition.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Please read the group rules before posting.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Please read the group rules before posting.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called El Arte de Captar la Luz, and we'd love to have this added to the group!both of the versions are absolutely GORGEOUS! great shot!bellissima questa foto mio complimenti !Wonderful composition and image !

Seen on Explore !Awesome imagery~!~all sooc*




These are great! The light is just perfect.i really love your 365.oh dear god these are all amazing.these are magnificentHey Kate, this set is awesome, the posted one is best, love the light and bokeh! You might want to check out the group called. We Chase Light!
CU on Flickr, Schoonerwhoa, beautiful! i really love thisYour work with sunlight is incredible.these are all stupedous!
the light in your hair, and showing through the diaphanous parts of the dress...GAH! stunning, SOOO stunning.post the third one in comments

NOW
haha


and i hate you
youre just tooo perfect and amazing
sight*¨*

hahaha ;)))ohh my gosh, the sun is gorgeous in these!wow this is brilliantly done :)wowowowHi, I'm an admin for a group called Hidden yet beautiful, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This looks soo nice. Everything about it.A perfect sunny shot, I love it!Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsthat is amaaaazing lightWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThis is superb, absolutely gorgeous in every way! 

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Christina Greve | Photography ]Superb! Perfection in every way! Great work!love the second in comments :Dnice...love the backlight....

Seen in Exploregorgeous!Such pretty light!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)gorgeous  Absolutly stunning  :)Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22750. 

Your all FP are listed here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3923932...Very good capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.wow! love the 4th one too!Perfect picture. The colors are stunning!this is so beautifulamazing flare and pose :) you're awesome!Ah, warmth!Beautiful!  Love that light and your &quot;free spirit&quot; you've captured!beautiful. xamazing lightbeautiful light!So stunning! great energybeautiful.lovely*I love this far too much, oh geezwow awesome flare :))this is soo perfect!I love the last one in the comments! Great shots!&quot;A game show love connection we can't deny...&quot;

&hearts; sweetest and best song ever. :)
the light is stunning, as usual. you're amazingI did  a picture like this the other day, but yours turned out way more like my mental picture than mine did! Nicely done :)So beautiful!nice!!! really wonderful and delicated!Beautiful softness!  Love the pale pink!Lovely and beautiful.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)wow lovely :)нежно.Beautiful light toningBeautiful soft tones!
The light is superb!Wow..great work!!!Very very pretty.Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
wow this makes me want to pull out my 50 mm again!Beautiful!  Love the composition and light.Gorgeous, beautifully simple composition with lovely colour.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Pastel Schemes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so simple and just so beautiful

--
Seen in Women who ♥ Photography (?)Excelent Work... i like the colorsBeautiful......love the pink..!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful!Beautiful dof and colors, great shot! :)Great composition and colors!!!so sweet... :DExquisite shot!!!breath takenbeautiful tones and sweet simplicity.Nice bright mood.
Beautiful pink.So gorgeous.  Love the soft tones and pink is always so pretty!Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :--)))A stunning image ~ so beautiful!cooooooooolllجميله جدا

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]Fantastically warm and wonderful shot--love the crop! A very well-deserved Explore indeed. :)nicely framed
Magic is in the air! I saw this magnificent photo in the group MAGICAL.
This capture is truly Magical 

Show its magic to us!Beutiful lighting!Beautiful simplicity!

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
This is so soft and pretty!lovely pink tones and softness!beautiful soft colors!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)AMAZING EXIBIT MY FRIEND !
Excellent Composition and Exposure !!
Extreamly Pleasent Tones !!
GREAT RESULTS !!
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Very good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.lovely compo and soft tonesbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Superb shot..........This is wonderful, soo colorful.
HBM!!Awesome image - Lucy is an all time favorite of mine - love this so much!oh i love this, just love it, i do love lucy, love the background curtain!I love love love this shot...HBM.I want that bench!!! where did you find it??? 
AMAZING colors! this popped right off the Bench pool page. . . showstoppin' Lucy! ; ) HBM!so cute!oh so cute!! love the reds &amp; the homage to lucy :) xoxoLOVE the colors! HBMThis is so cute! I love all that red!so cute ,,I love Lucy too!  That's my baby girls name!  Fabulous BM!!  : )omGOODNESS... you are AMAZING.....  i ♥ this with all my ♥!you love Lucy &amp; I love this pic!
HBM!!!!
♥so cute! Great polkadots!  HBM!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)You come up with the most incredible idea's. . . this is so totally awesome! HBM darling...total sweetness! an instant fave...

HBM :)So cute, love polkadots:-)
HBMgorgeous colours, hbmsooo good idea! love it! HBMWAY WAY adorable!!!!! HBM!!!Very cute!I ADORE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  m-love the colors and polka dots!  hbm!awhh. your photostream is the cutest thing i've ever seen:) hah, it makes me so happy.Kimberly!!  You just have an unlimited supply of props!  I love all the colors you use here, the black n white in the back, the red, and the blue-green.  The wood floors stand out, too!  Love this cute &quot;I love Lucy&quot; bm shot.  HBM!!  :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Oh I love this- all the reds and polkas- love, love!!!oooh how cute !!!awesome!!!love the colors and tones...cute :-)This is too cute! I love the colors, HBM!!!=)HBM! Cute concept!I love the colours and the bench! HBM!This is adorable! I love the green with all that red!so cute!  happy bench monday  xLove the colors! Adorable idea!! You are so creative...cute!!! HBM!!This is fantastic! hbm!So lovely! :Dcute!So sweet!! Love it!! HBM!Perfect!! I love it.I always love seeing how creative everyone is on bench monday.  This is extremely cute.this is so adorable!  love all that red.  HBM!ohmygosh kimberly...you have the coolest outfits &amp; props, and even curtains hanging in your house!! love this!! ;) hbm! :)Very cute shot!Awesome!!! HBM!I love this photo! You have the most colorful and adorable things!So fun! What great clarity in this photo, and the processing is fantastic. :)this is perfect--you even have the polka dots...LOVE this one. HBM to you!That's awesome! So very retro!Love this!love it!  you never disappoint :)Perfect bench Monday shot! I've always loved red and aqua together!Love it! I seriously can't wait for Mondays to see what you come up with. HBM!!!love this!!!!
the color combo is so striking.
and I WANT that BENCH!!!!
HBM. :)AWW Me too! This is perfect! HBM!that bench is sooo cute!
greta composition =]You always use such fun colors!  I love Lucy too and I love this!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hee!
So cute.FUN.. and my favorite color!! RED!!  You always make me smile!!HBM!
this is fascinating!Oh wow!
How neat!!
I do &quot;Love Lucy&quot; so much...thanks for the inspiration!this is gorgeous! that red is amazing...:)Cute!  Love the polkadots.hbm!Adorable!i love this shot !!!!This is SO GREAT!  I love the red!! So stinkin' creative ;)Love this idea!! Super cute bench and fabulous colors!Gosh this is cute!! Love the red dress!!! Wow!!adorable!!!Awesome!!Fantastic colors - simply divine.  HBMI had no idea you were an &quot;I Love Lucy&quot; fan!! I collect &quot;I Love Lucy&quot; memorabilia... This inspires me to take a photo with it all :)

Fabulous job!

HBM!!This is so cute. Love the polka dots dress :)and i LOVE this... so cute!  such wonderful color!Awesome!This is great..Love it.HBM'I love this picture&quot; fabulous!Awesome!! I love it.I love it!!!Me tooo!! Love your capture!another great shot...hbm to you!!!:)cute!!!!very awesome bench, HBM!What a creative and unique shot!!!! I absolutely adore all the colors!  :)Thank you so much, this is just such a fun group! I really appreciate all your kind comments! :)so adorable!!great!Gorgeous Gorgeous composition!!
Love it &lt;3Such an awesome bench!by far the cutest little bench ever!wow. you definitely capture the times of I Love Lucy. So adorable.this is soooo very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Perfect! HBM!Awesome!This is a beautiful shot.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Lovely props...I'm lovin' that red.Love the red and the polka dot. :)Super cute!!! Love all the red &amp; your flip-flops! HBM!Such a bright, cheerful image. Love the red! HBM!Super cute!!! love the original bench!Oh My Goodness... this is the single cutest Bench Monday EVER!!!!!!!!!
Love!!!I totally LOVE everything about it!!! The colors, composition and the name!! HBM!This is so cute..........love the red.............you are so creative!!what can I say...just perfection!  Where in the world did you get that beautiful teal/mint bench...it is FAB!You got some 'splainin' to do, Lucy!
You are really on a roll with these creative HBM shot, Kimberly!  This one is another delight!This makes me like the show.  You're just bursting with creativity!How cute! I love the colors in this! So bright and refreshing!Kim, you just keep amazing me. I am always so happy when i see you have an upload. HBM!great bench~ HBMWhat a neat idea!  Before I even clicked on the pic, I thought, &quot;That looks like an 'I Love Lucy' pic!&quot;  So cute!  =)  HBM!!!Adorable.  So creative and fun!  HBM!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3947482...really wonderful colors and great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called bench lovers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so super adorable!!! I love all of the red and the polka dots...so perfectly Lucy! I love it, and Lucy too!(~.~)congrats on Explore front page :DCongrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22699excellent!
Like this framming very much!Great composition and such a brilliant idea..!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Brilliant!Terrific!Congrats on FP!I had a good feeling this would be an Explore!  Congrats!!I loved that show! :)!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Kimberly.love it!Nice Capture I love the compositionHi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Things, and we'd love to have this added to the group!cute idea &lt;3WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/very nice!Neat!!You are a genius, Kimberly.  I love Lucy, too!  ;)Completely full of awesomeness thats a great Bench Monday , &quot;she does it again&quot;. Congrats on FP ::))I watch her show like crazy on the weekends...I have absolutely nothing to watch which is why I'mso glad for Ms. Lucy :)This is SO cute! :D I Love Lucy is an old favorite.Great shot!!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/I love this! What great colors and composition!adorable! and so creative!Love the interpretation!  Colorful!wonderfulThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Love it!beautifulJust perfect.The light on this is gorgeous.so pretty. I adore all white flowers but I think Tulips have to be one of my favoritesvery prettyBeautiful.Beautiful!very nice... it is my fave...If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)so simple. i love it!bellaIts gorgeous!  So simple but draws you in so effectively.Beautiful!God the lighting is just fab .. I love it!Gorgeouslove the simplicity of thisThis is gorgeousgorgeous, great lightthis is stunning!That is beautiful, love the lighting.This is definitely a Fabulous Flower Winner!

 This amazing flower is a winner from the Fabulous Flowers Group! gorgeous.. love the soft background too Love itHi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful light!Very pretty, love the tones.I like very much!I adore the background on this, wonderful compositionBeautiful!stunningamazing shotlovelyanother beautyWonderful minimalistic shot.Beautiful. Lovely tones &amp; dof. Love it!Fan-flippin-tastic.  Adore the creamy background.



--
Seen next to a fellow photo of Happy Snapper Photo a Day. (?)Love the colour combination of this especially the background.I saw this in: 

 Flowers ☆Simple.  Perfect.  Lovely shot.Love the simplicity of this image.

Seen on FluidrBeautiful light!  I also treated myself to a bunch of tulips, I needed a little spring!

I saw this in:

 Flowers ☆

5 + Awards POST HERE!!
Icon Contest White Flower
is opened - Join it ~I saw this in: 

 Flowers ☆I saw this in: 

 Flowers ☆

5 + Awards POST HERE!!
Icon Contest White Flower 
is opened - Join it ~Beautiful!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful!! Very simple. Great tones. Great work!I saw this in: 

 Flowers ☆

5 + Awards POST HERE!!
Icon Contest White Flower 
is opened - Join it ~
_____________________________________________
Congratulations your wonderful flower photo
made it to the Admin favorite thread!
Excellent work !
Congratulations.Stunning in it's simplicity

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)nice simple well exposed shot,bottom right blur id loose that though.Woooooow it's so beautiful !!!!!!!Simply beautiful !
Seen on Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I &lt;3 the light !

FAV...y una gran foto !

que arte tienes...
:)Excelenete B/N y trato de la luz.

SaludosHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Sólo Blanco y negro&amp;Only B&amp;N&amp;S P1-C3 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Magnífico contraluz en ese callejón, tiene un aire de misterio como en las pelis de HitchcockPrecioso el trabajo con la luz y la maravilla de escena.

Besos.Callejón sín salida? ... Buena foto!
SaludosExcelente ByN Ali Me gusta muchisimo la composicion
saludosmagnífico ambiente y luzInteresante foto: muy bueno el encuadre y el tratamientoes que esas calles dan mucho juego...
una excelente foto y gran b/n
saludos Ali  !!a wonderful black and white!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Soberbia composición.
El procesado es impresionante.
Enhorabuena, Alí.excelente control de la luz en una muy buena composición
saludosmuy buena, el ambiente es genial ....Qué buena... y hasta inquietante.Un B/N extraordinario Alí.
Me gusto mucho la compo y veo que fui cazador cazado.
Un saludo guapa.Esto sí que es un callejón guapo guapo! =)Dos piernas, dos ruedas y muy buena foto.
Besos.Muiy bien compuesta, y el blanco y negro, cada vez mejor...FantasticaAli, de puturrú de fua.
Me das envidia puñetera, pero envidia al fin y al cabo
CiaoAtractivo rincón.Grandioso B&amp;N!Estás sembrada. Esta foto es preciosaSuperb light &amp; silhouettes..Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado El Factor Humano / The Human Factor y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Bonita luz, Alí!
Besos--Que buena.
Como me gusta ese brillo de la luz sobre el suelo.
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice view!

 &quot;Excelente toma&quot;

NO Color Fabulous!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado www.flickr.com/groups/1175881@N24/ y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Vista en:
See in:
 Sólo Blanco, Negro y Sepia. Only B&amp;N&amp;S
...dos ruedas, dos piernas.Fantastica la composicion con esa tremenda silueta!!!.Un fuerte abrazo Ali!!Excelente encuadre y con una profundidad soberbia, un abrazo. &quot;Excelente toma&quot;

NO Color impresionante toma amiga. el juego de luces y sombras es realmente bueno.fotón en b/n!!!
que arte, me encantan estas tomas de callejones

muy buena Ali

besossssPreciosa, Ali. Es para disfrutarla.Ali.... blanco y negro genial.... 
un saludo... todo bien?????
le doy todos tus besos a mi niño..........Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Fotógrafos de Valladolid y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Fantástica composición.Qué buena, qué rematadamente buena, Ali!!!es muy buena...Excelente. Fantastico B&amp;W
FelicitacionesMe gusta esa luz tan extremada. Le da vida a la calleja con sus dos personajes tán muy bien situados.Un contraste fabuloso, grandísimo B/N.Me encanta el procesado en blanco y negro  y la profundidad de campo. Un saludoExcelente blanco y negro, un clásico perfectamente resueltouna escena espectacular! la veo tan delicada..preciosa fotografíaPreciosa Ali, una captura guapíssima. Feliz semanaPero qué buena!
Me gusta. La luz justa. Preciosa.deliciosa compo, y luz!!!

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado BLACKartWHITE Award2 BW only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.magnifico trabajo de luz y contrastesFantástica!!Muy buena!!! El B&amp;N muy acertado. SaludosBienVery beautiful street capture and b&amp;w.genial Ali !!! 
SEEN IN *BLACKartWHITE*Si es que eres buena. Me encanta. Una foto realmente envidiable.  
SEEN IN *BLACKartWHITE*

Great image !Una preciosidad de blanco y negro, muy muy fino.Estupendo contraluz y virado. Le perspectiva y profundidad y los contrastes me encantan. Un saludo.wonderful b&amp;w! 
congrats! 
SEEN IN *BLACKartWHITE*Vaya fotón, Ali!..
Besos.Hermosa composición, muy buena iluminación felicitaciones!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Quality Black &amp; White Images y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.genial... 

el enmarcado natural.. espectacular... ¡¡¡¡Pillaste al genio Juan. Eres un pasote Ali.Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Great shot! Lovely contrast!!Muy buena foto.
Un saludoMaravilhosa foto, Ali!
Beso!!!muy buena esa profundidad!!!Alucinante.Buenísima Ali!Buah, que foto más guapa.

Me gusta mucho :-)Muy buen encuadre y B/N.
Saludos.que super bonita foto, callejuela, composicion.
me la quedo

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Un beso Ali... otro para la Narizcheer up, get back up and get kicking Carlina!!

this capture iss o exquisite wownice and dreamy, this macro business looks funsuperb!!delicateLovely...Wonderfu l!feel better soon.wow!Feel better, dear. I'm sorry you're feeling so poorly. :( xoxoAwesome light and sumptuous tones! Get better fast!Not feeling good? You have no use  for the m9 then. I blame you for whatever I've come down with.  and at least I'll always have use for ang pao :)Superb shotfeel better =)  I think this is simply wonderful!!!Amazing colours, great! :)You make ordinary flowers look good! It's already tuesday. Time to turn on that &quot;engine' in you! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

lovelyFantastic!Awesome photo!  Love the DOF.&lt;3Wonderful tones and DoF
This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix FLOWER Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely depth to this image, and the DoF is just right. Up to your usual high standard.Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group!!Great tones and texture! Very nice shot.This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ART OR SOMETHING NEW   (post 1/comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All amazing shots, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superbly shot and fantastic treatment


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)sooo beautiful carli...love the smoothness of the image...wonderful work my friend!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Kissed By Light - Bokeh Focus , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/This would make a good business card! Awesome. Get well dude!fantastic!Wonderful shot! Instant fave :-)

--
Seen in Cafe Elite  (?)Love the tones and composition! :)Excellent!!!!!Great shot!!inlove!Beautifulamazing...great DOF, POV and Bokehreally nice pov and dof... love the soft tonesI love love love the background colors and the lighting in this. Beautiful shot.great DOF and bokehIt's so beautiful, I'm speachless…Fantastic shot - great DoF!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]the textures here are delicious! 
i think that's the adjective i was looking for :)beautiful work!ooooo.. LOVE the colors!  :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful bokeh and colors!Killer bokeh from a DOF master!That background is awesomely trippy.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great colors in this. I love that background.tighti love love the lighting. well done!Great portrait!  I like the backdrop!lovely

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is perfect dudeLove this!
I dont know why but that background is trippin me out!I think she hypnotized me not the backdrop.amen, almanaf74nice background and eyes !wonderful!great light with a wonderful red hair.i love the background, it's hypnotizing. This is a lovely portrait. Tones are so soft!Aaaaaaaaaaaaah.
I love it.
the contrast between her red hair and the blue in the backdrop is really really neat. I love that it's kind of muted, even.ahhhh I love her work, and I adore this picture of her.  You did such a great job!Nice. Really like the slightly off center framing and cool backdrop! Girl's got style too. :)beautiful! :)great photo manStunning. Captivating eyes.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DSo that's what you were doing instead of attending the amazing and packed show at the Muse! ;]She's so beautiful. Awesome shot.your work is beautiful through and through.
i really love this.Damn, sir. Very nice. Love that background just slightly blurred, makes it look even more psychedelic.great shotRed heads yes I have a bit of a soft spot for them she fits the bill perfectly good shot it gond colour nice and clear good shot Snacks 53oh my goodness.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called un-usual young, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow girl!Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22744. 

Your all FP are listed here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7896260...Wonderful portrait!Tremendous Work!

Please tag &quot;Artistic Treasure Chest&quot;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Indie/Folk/Psychedelic Hall Of Fame, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Damn...this is amazing.. LOVE IT!Wonderful portrait.beautiful portrait[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ddeborahleee/4339051691/] 
haha coincidence
 i took a picture like this too!sweeeeet!a visionExcellent processingI love this shot!  Very nice buck! Right place at the right time.WOW. Genial. &lt;3i like the infinity implied in this shotwow. unREAL, K.  perfect - love the colors and you clicked at just the right time.  i can only imagine what you were thinking when he wandered by. ha.Such a beautiful creature and photo processing!great image and processingGood work!Really really nice shot.wow... so well done and edited !!!!wow it's almost like a dream.  wonderfulLove it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photos of QUALITY  to Smile About /POST 1 COMMENT ON 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

terrific work.how in the world do you manage to summon all this wildlife into these perfect spaces.la fiebre del ciervo...!!!!
exelenteAbsolutely perfect composition. Thanks for sharing.razor sharpWow, you timed this just right.  Were you just waiting for him to cross?  I don't think you could have done it any better.mystical! love the closed sign on an open gate ;)Thanks, everyone!

This photo was born out of luck.  It was a foggy morning, so I was out and about with the camera.  I decided to go to Armand Bayou Nature Center, a wonderful place about 45 minutes from downtown Houston.  When I turned onto the property, this deer was actually standing off to the left side near the fence.  I just stopped the car and waited, no more than 30 seconds, for him to cross to the other side.  Good fortune was my friend that morning.wowAmazing to have such at moment present itself and have your camera handy!  Nice!well seen and well captured!

seen in EXPLORESurreal.Wow!
This one is amazing!!!Well done.  He looks like he's just floating there.Awesome shot. Quite surreal as well.You seem to always be at the right place at the right time . . . amazing.Very cool composition!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Wild Life Shots(POST 1 Comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3217121...Amazing ~!fantastic moment and post-pro! well doneExcellent ! love the tones here !great shot !Excellent!Stunning shot!It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22707.Absolutely great.WOW!!!!!Wow! Amazing capture!! I love it! Congrats on Explore!!!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.This is excellent capture, beautiful picture.Nicely taken.


 
 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
1 POST / 2 COMMENTS. +20 FAVES ARE REQUIRED
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPicturesexcellentthis is great!!!surreal

Seen on FluidrAwesome. The image and the title.I'm happy to see that the deer don't care that it's closed. good for them.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ╠Art Libre-Free Art-Arte Libre-Freie Kunst-INVITED PIX ONLY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called confessions of an unaccomplished artist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!WoW!

Amazing !
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolBeautiful.surrealgreat shoot!WOW. Lucky shot! xgreat process!!Awesomewow, this is amazing!Wow, what a stunning capture!whoa, cool!Excelente! muy encantador.. :)really so very lovely
katya you are so good at thisGreat capture!!!!interestingHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!b e a u t i f u l .

This reminds me of a photograph I took recently:

I love this!lovely setup!so pretty :)Beautiful!wonderful!!love itoh, this is perfection.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i like geometry of the photographDelicious.so lovely.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Black, White, Neutral + Multi Color, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love this photo!lovely!Nice shot, it looks like tasty !Yummy!
Interesting food.hum! i'm going to prepare an other tea :)What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.so clever + so well done!Oh wow, this is awesome.wow ! lovely workoh. love this.Awesome!Wonderful idea, love this!cuteHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so gorgeous!excellentWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DSuch an inspiring shot! Great work!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!...........Nice!great...indeed

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Awesome workaaaaw
lovely blue
nice shotWOW, brilliant! Fantastic shot, my friend. Beautiful colors, great expression and timingFantastic shotwow beautiful capture!! great emotionA perfect photo !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WILD CLICK!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called What you see is what you are... (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic !!!!This looks magical!
Love it!nice one!!nice !!Hello - Comments and Graphics!I like, this experience......observation ..... Good for the think of this childrenthats crazy.. really cool!fabulosaCute!!!!cute
Gr8 Viewthis is so soooo awsome :) love the expression on the kids face :)Thanks for all you'r comments.................
thanks all my freinds...............Such clarity, brilliant photography :o)Awesomewonderful  catch !!!justt awesome my friend

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)¿Jugando con un escualo?i think this child will be the next jacques cousteau, or david attenbourgh. a nature sea explorer. great documentary, buddy. love this child.fantastic shot, i hope the little shark is good :(Ual espetacualr, perfecta!!!

Boa semana...Dedé.Great shot and work, excellent. Have a good day and keep smiling.nice shot!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow that's pretty cool.
Don't try that in full gown shark,haharooow3aaaa 

So amaaazinGGThanks for all you'r comments.............
thanks all my friends........... amazing shot Wow !! 
Amazing.Amazing capture , beautiful blueHi, I'm an admin for a group called * Open *, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Sencillamente preciosa esta genial. SaludosMagnificaIts very beautiful my friend ....love it! i want be thereThanks to ALL............Good job man =)awesome clear and lovley colors!Amazing image! Love that group of damsels in the corner :)awesome shotGreat capture and composition.Magnifica !!!Wow brave little kid. I wonder if a shark that small and actually bite you and make you bleed very hardNICE COMPOSITION!!!

Keep safe, My Dear Friend.

...Very nice work, amazing shot!!! Congratulations.  MarcoGreat photo. Very nice colors.i like itexcellent job..NICE &lt;3Seen in:

What you see is what you are!!que genial =)
muy linda foto 
bendiciones !!Thanks all you'r comments...
Thanks all my friends..............Fantastic capture! Great moment in time!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )beautiful moment... excellent shot.WOW!!!! What a cool shotGreat shot, awesome colorsAwesome like never before!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!great capture!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)excellent photo ;)!
Thanks for the comment!great capturedNice catch..marvelous shot..Thanks for all you'r comments...............
Thanks all my friends..............WOW. This is so awesome.
Great shot!!!perfectSo perfect... wooooo !!beautiful shot.IS THIS LIVE BABY SHARK?woow
favGreat shot!!Thanks for all you'r comments................
Thanks all my friends......
Have a nice day..beautiful shot 
nice work 
progreat capture !!!!That's one gigantic kid! Great shot!is that really a shark? I am amazed.... what a shot.. what a beach.. what a place!!! WOWyes, it's a real  Shark but Baby shark, ...
Thanks for all you'r comments..........
Thanks to All..What a cool shot! Love the expression on his face!!Wow what a treasure of a shot !Great moment
Fascinating shotFantastic compo, great momentnice




comment me new picVery Nice
Keep it Up ~!Wow! Nice scene and beautiful color of water!Woah ! Amazing !wow brave kidInteresting and appealing shot
Outstanding job!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)fantasticafantastic capture !!!!N!Ce pic 

keep !t up 
___________________
comment me plzzlove itha ha .. awesomeincredible creative work, such a beautiful depiction!Awesome. Great shot.Big or smile I would definitely be scared with a shark.  Small shark could amputate my finger I guess... lol
Very nice capture.Is that real ? Wow.wow fantastis shot!!!Awesome shot.nice work!!!Great capture! Amazing colors!so nice, very well done my friend!!sooooo nice 

abdaaaaaaaaaaaaaa3 

nice shooot 


&amp;

comment +not 4 me plllzzZzit's kind of odd
but i like itSorry. Its reaI image &amp; l have done very little bit of edit....Any thanks for all your comments all my friends.....Cool image! :)wow! thats stunning! :D Great shot! awesome compo! Have a nice day!I love the colors here!
Thanks for stopping by :)fantastic capture, love the expression !Woow great catch, lovely moment, love it.wow excellent..great captureGorgeous composition and mood!Thanks for all you'r comments......
Thanks all my friends..........nature...pure nature...congrats..so beautiful - tankFantastic catch!  Literally :)  Probably a small sand shark.  Better not try that with a larger one.  Great shot!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow!! amazing shot!!REALLY amazing capture.  So vivid -- you really caught a great moment.fantastic catch sooo beautiful shot!Wonderful lights and color, superb.Oh my goodness! I would have a heartattack right then and there. :)Oh~very nice shot !!ohhhhhhh very well..................Great shot !!Awesome Capture!!this is excellent.! the colors and lights are fantastic.!beautiful portrait.  great colors.  wonderful capture.Whoa! I'm completely speechless! This is awesome! :)Thanks for all you'r comments............
Thanks all my friends....Amazing shot, very clear and most beautiful one !!!!!wow, baby shark, great &amp; beautiful shot!Thanks for all you'r comments............
Thanks all my friends...Wow !!Fantastic capture!Niesamowita zabawa na plaży.nice capture!  brave little fellow.  this is an awesome shot!  thanks for the recent visit.Fantastic, amazing image!WooooW

Amazing shot

Great work

Keep it upgreat shot!ooooH heavenly!
what a beautiful &amp; kreative shot
i LOVE the details &amp; the angel's friends
many blessings &amp; tks 4 flying by dearheart
^i^Superbe &quot;scène&quot;....Great image !Awesome, a great capture.wow....cool shark! i mean cool shot!!! :)huh,are you gonna mess with me..?
ill call my mom...said baby shark..=)beautifulfantastic capture richy -Thanks for all  you'r comments.......
Thanks all my friends...Awesome image, wonderful my friend!PerfectBeautiful work..!  Have a good Tuesday, my friend..!!))wow wow wow!!!!! very very awesome!!!!!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Amazing!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3376269...fantastic shot!!wow...this is amazing, he's cool..great shot too my friend, awesome.nice shot and treatment... well taken
Thanks for your comments on my stream,,, it is appreciated..great shot richy ..beautiful sparkling maldive beach and sea..awesome capture!!Great capture!! it's a different and particular moment, not so common on flickrgreat shot! quite different and great colour!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Shenanigans in Japan ]Beautiful shot my friend !!wow excellent capture 
congrats on FP.Great shot ! But... I hope the little shark now is free....xcellentWooooow, the colors is beautifulWOWwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwCongrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22695Great catch! Congrats on explore!Superb catch,my friend..Thanks for all you'r comments...........Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Felicidade é o que Importa, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! This picture is INE of The Best I've Ever seen!!!!WoowAn interesting capture, lovely pose.
Thank you for the visit.Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Have a great day.Beautiful Shot!!woah!
fantastic capture.very nice shot. well done.Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsexcellent :)congratsHi, I'm an admin for a group called los últimos románticos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!OMG!!! This is amazing my friend!!!! Excellent catch!!!Preciosa!!!! y precisa!!! instatanea!!!.Saludimpressive face to face, incredible image !!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr United (Award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome moment!Biologist in training...  Beautiful image...niceEXCELLENT capture , love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Really awesome. Congrats on FP explore.this is great!Great shot! Fantastic!You got amazing shots, so nice my friend!I loved It, because It's very beautiful and very good too!Wow Amazing Richy O Cingrats 4 The FP U Deserve It :)   hey this is excellent. look at the water. can even see the small fishes.
great shot
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Richy.congratulations for the FP!!! Another great picture.WOW!!!  So amazing!!!  Your best shot ever!  BRAVO! BRAVO!!!  BRAVO!!!

LouieFantastic shot !!Many congrats on FP !!!!!  well deserved !!! Magnificent photograph!  



Please print it, frame it and hang it!


wonderful work. The FP is fully deserved.Wow playing with a shark! Nice capture!This is a really great shot!!amazing shot 
Congratulations on Explore!
Have a great Tuesday!
--
Seen on GetExploredwow amazing shot richy beautifully capturedFantastic!De pelicula!!!!!!! felicidades amigo... una toma increible!!!!!!really lovely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for you  dear
www.goear.com/listen/0ae16a4/nothing-else-matters-lucie-s...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called F 5,6, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Maravillosa toma amigo, es espectacular felicidades!!!!!!!!!!WOW!  

I thought these little guys could bite of a finger...wow!!! very nice shot!!!Great and interesting shot !Well deserved FP! What a beatiful photo! Well done!!!A master piece....!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats again....;-)

Have a nice rest....
Blanchi.-Wow... This is surreal!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)That is an amazing shot! I'm very impressed he was able to catch it.this one is really good. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.You deserve Explore, Front Page, and all the accolades on this unparalleled shot - fabulous and congrats!Excellent shot and compogreat moment to capture! well done man! congrats!Amazing capture!Cool!  Very well conceived - and well deserved for the FP!es increible!Awesome, great shot, congratsCongrats on FP for this fantastic shot
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )amazing capture!you are in right place at right time..awesomeThis is really wonderful, congrats on FP, well deserved.Awesome!!! woooow .! 
Amazzin shot .. i like it ;* That is very unique sir. Faved.Fascinating picture!Thanks for all you'r comments......
Have a nice Day..What a great capture!

Congrats on FP-Explore!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)cool!--



Congratulations!!! You have been awarded a “Flickr United” Medal!
If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Flickr United
Please tag your photo: FlickrUnitedAward
--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr United (Award 3)&quot; ( ?² )

Congratulations!!! You have been awarded a “Flickr United” Medal! 
If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Flickr United
Please tag your photo: FlickrUnitedAward

Congratulations!!! You have been awarded a “Flickr United” Medal! 
If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Flickr United
Please tag your photo: FlickrUnitedAward

Congratulations!!! You have been awarded a “Flickr United” Medal! 
If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Flickr United
Please tag your photo: FlickrUnitedAwardReally awesome photo I must say. I just love the curious expression of the kid's face. The way he is looking to the fish and the sight of sea creates a wonderful effect truly. Really artistic photo. .

r4 softwarewhat an amazing feeling must that have beensuperb shot...Amazing!This is really an extraordinary shot, very well captured. Thanks for sharing.very nice capture !!this is amazingwonderful!!! great capture!~breathtaking shot!Excellent work, great light and colors!!!cool capture!woah! I wish it was me. BEAUTIFUL!wow, this is a fabulous shot! Great job!! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nice shot richy...drool...
nice work!Excellent - I like how the fisheye allowed you to capture the nose of the spaceship!awesome shot !!!!!!!!!!!!!Great color and focus. Nice work on this!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Very cool shot...love the color!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great blur and the focused tunnel ending is great!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This works amazingly well! Great job!Whoa, Nellie! This one needs to be framed and on the wall. Absolutely stellar! Yes, I said it, &quot;stellar&quot;!More?? How could you get &quot;more&quot; out of this shot?  It is already at the top.  This is a nice shot.  Damn now I am more depressed I cannot get down there.Wow..quite an amazing shot :D I'd be afraid holding onto my camera on Space Mountain because of all of the drops and such. This does however give the full effect of riding this classic attraction!What a great use of the fisheye!Space Mountain? So good :DDamn! I was going to grab this one in May with the fisheye. Nice work, Matt. Faved.NiceThe depth is pretty amazing here, and those blues are great as well!Love! I feel like I'm on the ride!This is unbelievably cool!!very cool shotNice!  I'm getting butterflies just seeing it.Space Mountain abstract!  Love this!!now that is spectacular. love the scifi feelThis is beyond amazing! So coolI assume this is &quot;the shot&quot; you told me about that would inspire Jeff and I to buy a fisheye?  If so, I think you're right.  I was really thinking about it, and I absolutely love this--really one of your best efforts and an easy favorite.  I don't know what could possibly be better about it.  Damn, you and Cory both had killer shots today and I posted a turd.  Looks like I better bring my A game tomorrow....hmmm...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Very coolNice capture. So do the ride attendants say much to you when you want to carry a camera on a ride? Any tricks to help get one on a ride and to protect it?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Krazee Kool!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Well done.  I tried a couple of times with no avail.  Lots of learning still happening for me!original shot and work, seen on explore :-)Nice shot with beautiful blue colorVery nice work

 I SAW YOU FIRST (invited images only)
Please tag your image &quot;isawyoufirstExcellent capture. . . 


Seen on Fluidrthis is great, I would be too busy hanging on to get even a fuzzy shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Omg! Color! Yay!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You are invited to post your image in:

You are invited to join National Geographic Explorer
TAG your photo with: National Geographicthat is really awesome!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.wow, perfection!!!!!wow!Excellent capture. Well done Matt.Nice!

EI really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really  Like thiswell, looks like you're the only one ;)Really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really, what [http://www.flickr.com/photos/31417010@N02/] saidyou really do have the most amazingly powerful eyes Miss Emily :)everyone is comenting on your eyes but that sweater looks SUPER comfy..  the black does bring out the color of your eyes alot..great job!Wow LOVE IThow come when i use liquid eyeliner, it peels off!

also, how come you are so sweet and awesome?

this is so pretty :)your eyes... gosh they're gorgeous!Love that freaking makeup.  One day, Emily.  One day.  You and I are going to get together and make beautiful, twisted editorial makeup madness together.Wow this is really beautiful and pretty shot !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!your eyes are wicked cool sister!beautiful eyes. cute turtleneck shot! :o)wonderful shoot and eyestotally LOVE that jumper. 
totally LOVE your eyeliner

goes without saying I totally LOVE your eyes.

But also, I really love how =Tom= is trying to be street ;-PYour eyes are stunning :P Does the kool-aid smell is gone? 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)your eyes are incredible!those eyes will get anyone! ;)Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Very Beautiful eyes, I love itsoooooo preetttyy. love that eyelinerbeautiful eyesGreat pic....the eyes are stunningThis is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthWonderful shot!I really like this.. my imagination is working overtime.. she looks friendly enough to me..Gorgeous shot !

Thanks for the oiling tip.This one is on point! It really does look other worldly!LOL !!!!
You have an awesome creative mind !!!!!!!!my my...what a creative mind...I love it...the post process is awesome...Ahaha, this is immense! I think it's probably my favourite picture of all time, your creativity never ceases to amaze me.Randi, O.K., now you've done it. I had no idea that these bug-aliens would alight somewhere long enough to get a clean shot of them, but ,somehow you've managed to capture a TRUE likeness. No more &quot;straining&quot; my imagination with such a terrific shot!(One question: Did you have to anesthetize them first? They almost appear to have been &quot;preserved&quot; ) ???? Spoofing us again, EImaginative stuffsuperb and creative :)Very cool.  You sure are on a roll.  Creativeness oozes from your brain!  Like how you used the same objects two days in a row and just changed up the processing, background, and objects orientation to come up with something totally different.  Nice work.simply amazing - I can't get over how creative this is !Great concept, very creative.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)this screams &quot;take me to your leader&quot;:-)  wonderful, really thought this was a 'bug' close up from the thumbnail, so glad it wasn't!!lol that looks fantasticNicely done, great work!So unusual, and such a great theme! Most importantly the presentation is excellent...Great exposure and I love the color and texture of the base!!!Not just a geek, bit crazy too !Wow the stone looks terrific.Very creative composition. Wonderful work. Love it, my friend!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great shot Randi!  What a hoot!  Well donehahhahha! you are really really creative here!!!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOvve This one!:)...take me to your leader!It really looks like an extra terrestrial !!I am still surprised, by your surprises!
I've been looking for a tea strainer this past week.
Not at Dollarama, not at Sobey's, getting hard to find loose tea leaves. 

But I digress, nice shot!LOVE this! Very creativeHow creative. We may need therapy after this. It really makes the alien look realistic. Great job.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remote Viewing Media, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Another stunner! And another smile! Thanks so much for sharing your creativity! :o)so funny! ..and well realized! Congratulations!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Nice font choice...These last shots are pretty cool.  A different twist and they come out perfectly.  Awesome work.Hey, you may need to patent this! :)LOL - I love your sense of humour...
Roll on, Randi!Great shot!  This is a great little alien - it is amazing how many different roles you can find for a tea strainer ;-)  I can hardly wait until you get that macro - have fun!Wow, so creative!

--
Seen in ClanFlickr (?)I don't want to sound like a broken record but...
Very creative indeed!!!Bravo! This kinda shows off your uh.. er... creativity! :)lol cool....great idea! I love that tea strainer as eyes...they are the perfect touch :)nicely composed.....
you couldn't have picked a better nose.....ar ar.....this is awesomethe color is really great here! fun story happening.....
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )haha! so clever randi.. they can be used as bra too Too funny! Nice work
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great sense of humor you have.That is clever. :-)Good Lord Randi! yeah, Clever &amp; Creative Concept indeed!

No  &quot;straining&quot; eyes here.... ;) 

btw, whoever mentioned about the bra? lolHe seems to happily pose for you, great idea, what is next ;) Happy Days my friend :) CarImagination!!!!!ahhhhhhh you managed to capture one of my children so beautifully!!!


Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickrattack of the Clones!WOW your photostream is great!

Please post  your pictures in:
Amsterdam Blogging Workshop

Welcome!

Post 1 comment 2
--------------------------very creative shot! I love the blue tones!:-))
I saw this first as your profil thumbnail and wondered, what that could be ... 

Great idea, reminds me on my &quot;alien invader&quot; shot , although the scale is totally different:
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/galllo/4064395554/sizes/t/in/set-72157621142892650/]

great work, congrat!Excellent work!  Even more creative than &quot;Camera Bug!&quot;  Fantastic stuff/excellent quality.this is awesome shot =)What a cool shotSee Randi! Your alien child is a stellar hit!! Better not let him/her escape earth orbit just yet, as I think he/she might become the newest pet-type to capture the devotion of we humans. Maybe a little blue bow would rev up the&quot;cute&quot; factor? ( ;)   EAmazing work...excellent colors and composition .........Congrats !!Wow, love those eyes...great fun!Really fantastic !!! Amazing creativity !!!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Witty images and very helpful and kind hints for how to work at achieving such effects.  :)

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Great shot!

Thank you for posting :-)

Amsterdam Blogging Workshop

Post 1 comment 2
--------------------------I saw this and it imediatley made me smile and brightened my day, cheeers!!That is one funky looking alien. Great photo. Very creativeI'm highly amused by these!
:)
fantastic~:-)Very creative, great shot!cosa non ci si inventa per fare una foto bella e simpatica ... :-) 
Encontrada en &quot;Tan simple, tan bella!&quot;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Phantasm, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I'd stay clear of that alien!!  Its surroundings look so otherworldly.  Extremely creative.*lol*
Very imaginative and somehow cute.This is pretty awesome man, the composition, lighting is superb. You have some amazing portrait work.Love it!another sweet shotAwesome lighting man. Damn, those jeans and heels. She's smokin...Good job on the crop C=i love the shadow and composition of thisDiggin'!very nice lightinggreat shot ! i like the tones!!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DGleh flickr needs to notify people when their stuff hits explore lolbeautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Nice shot, and light!Very cool!Great look - her, the lighting and the composition.Fantastic shot. Love the processing.niceEXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

   Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.great shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called PLEASE EXCUSE THE MESS, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow, that's genius.bwahahahaI don't usually judge a book by its cover, but I'm going to guess those cats can play!L-O-V-E this! Let me say one more time... I love this! It makes me smile.amazingThis is a very good thing.pretty coolcool band photo! i love the concept. :PLOLOLOL! This totally cracks me up!hahaha this is so coolRock!Cool :)wicked! surrealHahah. That is so amazing. Love it :DAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.hehe..creative`wow awesome!The cats are rockin. Hitsville photo.wicked.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome!!! XDCool!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DAmazing!
Love the colors!nicely done
Happy to ~EXPLORE~ your PhotoThe perfect album cover. Excellent picture!those slippers are so pretty. great tones!soo gorgeous!!!!!!!
i love it!!!!!This, is amazing. 
(:wow i love everything about this
simply stunning,beautiful, beautiful, beautiful :)this is amazing.. simple yet it captures everything it needs too :)Absolutely amazing.
I love this :)amazing...luv thisfantastic i love this

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)this is amazingI love this!!this is gorgeous!!! love the composition and perspective :)ohhh this is lovely :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called walking and dreaming, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is beautiful!Such a smiplistic but beautiful photo! love it :)absolutely beautifulreally nice tones and colors.....its just amazing....=]stunning shot!!!!your photos just continue to amaze me:))this is so beautiful. i love itThis should be a Bench Monday shot! :D SOOOO cute!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.
Vous êtes invité à poster cette superbe photo sur / you’re invited to post this beautiful shot on:
Land of Freedom
so beautiful! i love the location :)Oh my goodness!
Wow...this is perfect.love the picture, love the message. [:Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Nice!!!!perfect shotMmm.. WOW
Very wonderfulThe colors in this photo is lovely.  I like that you have several different kinds of tomatoes.if my tomatoes looked like that i would love them too.... do your actions work on cs2?Beautiful... crazy to see such great looking tomatoes this time of year....heirlooms are so sexy!  :-)mouthwatering.I love that I keep staring at the hole on the left....lol

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)heirlooms are my favorites, the colors and shapes make me swoon.beautiful.oh man gorgeous.love the focus here!amazing. the focus, the tones, everything.wow!  how'd you get those beauties this time of year?Beautiful tones and great shallow DoF.That green little gem is killing me softly...beautiful!mmmm. heirlooms....so scrumptious.
wonderful shot :)Yum. Excellent shot

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Beautiful image....I love heirloom tomatoes.a wonderful use of space and shallow dof.
i don't see myself saying the same thing you said. but i will say i love food, flat out :-DYou west-coasters are killing me.  Yes, I saw that it says TJ's in the tags, but our TJ tomatoes never look that good this time of year.  

Damn Ohio.I love tomatoes too! especially the heirlooms!
stunning image!!unique composition and i like the muted tones!will you marry me?I love a natural diptych. 

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Love the tones and the colors! beautiful! :)!!!!what a cool shot!! :DI agree..nothing taste better.  I wait all year for tomatoes to come in season :)  Gorgeous!!tomatoe's is the only flavour that after taste it inmediately bring me back to my chilhoodi
love
this.Beautiful compo and color tones

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Love the light and color tonesinsanely beautiful colors .  i would use your colors to paint =)p.s., i LOVE LOVE tomatoes . always have 'em in the house =)I won't see them for months, I can almost taste yours, though!man oh man have i ever missed tomatoes this winter....even the ones they DO have in the markets were sucky this year.  my dad grows a ton and i can't wait for that!they look fab
ours are just ripeningLovely composition, you have a wonderful eye! Great depth in this shot!love the dreamy feelWhat an interesting capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Yum!!The green tomato... It shines. I mean the green looks so noble.i 
love 
this 
colour 
tone! 

and the vegetables and composition too :Doooooh I love this.Superb work!such pretty light.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow i love this shotbrilliant!Nice!so gorgeous :) love the lightbeautiful shot!this is so good
i love itoh and i'm so happy that you have a pro account now:D we can see more of your great shots and pretty faceWoo Hoo! Louise 'Pro Account' Claydon, Excellent shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;thanks everyone =]]]Nice shot. Glad to hear someone liked Youth In Revolt. I really want to see it. Despite Michael Cera's one-dimentional acting he makes me laugh every time.Beautiful light and emotion in this shot :)beautiful shot and beautiful song.i am so in love with your gallery! &lt;3Beautiful. Nice tones and lighting, your stream is great. Well deserved
explore me thinks ^_^ 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Lovely pose, shot, and words!Awesome shot!Nice!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.This is so cute! I love those socks!Lovin it!!Love  it!!! Beautiful photo. Congratulations!

HBM♥Thanks! This seemed like too much fun to pass up!Happy bench monday!Cute! Love the socks with the converses! HBM!Adorable!  HBM!This is lovely!  HBM!love it...hbm!!!:)oh very cute!  love the processing and OF COURSE the chucks with striped socks.  got both on right now myself!  hfirstbm!very cute shot!  hbm!love the color in this - those Chucks and socks are great togetherSuper cute! Love the tones and the Chucks! HBM!!Love that background!
HBM!this is great!!!great socks and shoes!
HBM!great! congrats on explore! HBMOh yay! Explore! How do you know that I got explore? I can't figure out how explore works.love this!!!this is so so cute!  Perfect tones..and I just love the chucks, socks and background.  hbm!  your first, yay!YAY!  Welcome to Bench Monday!  Cute pic!  =)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Nice!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2566312...Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22709

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)interesting and great tones!Very good picturelove the socks, so cheerful! work very well with the background! :)greatAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Lovely!Divine simple and beautiful shot! Loove it so much.
I did not see it yesterday just found it on FP!Congrats!!!!!Thank you thank you thank you : )CUTE ♥
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comhe he very niceAWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

_ _
www.that-that.ru
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Haley.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dgreat!front page...congrats...well-deserved!!!:)love this, congrats on front pageNice shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore. 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Haley.I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !Beautiful capture. Gorgeous colors.Preciosa toma. Una composición y encuadre fenomenales y el arco iris un detallazo. Muy buena. Un saludoC'est un exceptionnel paysage, c'est extraordinaire  ! superbe photo :-)


You are invited to add your wonderful
picture to &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;! 
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Please tag your photo: COTHUna toma realmente magnífica, con una luz increíble que genera una atmósfera mágica, enaltecida por el arco iris de fondo. Saludos.Nice light, and great job capturing the rainbow so clearly! :-)que luz más magnifica que has captado.....  preciosaMuito boa amigo.
Parabéns e um abraço.wow that is beautiful, the framing and light and such great perspective! Excellent work!so dreamy place... is here paradise??


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE award THREE / SWEEPER ON! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Una composición maravillosa!!!
Una luz realmente fantástica, José Ángel!!
Saludos, amigo!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado paololivorno's friends...P1C1 or BAN &quot;sweeper IS active&quot; y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ☼ flickr'sfriends y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.A fantastic picture!

 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado The Gold Collection ~ Invited photos (post 1, comment 1) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Es preciosa la luz de esta toma, acompañada de una magnifica composición... saludos!!Wow - that looks truly magical.Beautiful capture! Great composition and light!
Preciosa!Una captura excelente !!!!
Saludos,amigo !!Realmente es preciosa. Que buena luz y que fantastico arco iris.
SaludosSeñores colores... y que contraste... sol + nubes negras + arcoiris.. pocas veces se da y tu estuviste ahi para captarlo. EnhorabuenaUna toma magnifica, si no fuera un paisaje se diria que la iluminación es de estudio.
Un saludoQue fotografía tan bonita. Tiene unos colores tan vivos que casi parece sacada de un tapiz. Mi enhorabuena.Que bella luz y paisage!La verdad es que no paras, y te imagino con la camara al cuello constantemente para deleitranos con estas imagenes,
SaludosFantastic, great light and colors!!Estupenda composición, luz y arco iris.Maestro, qué impresionante. Como que me avergüenzo de poner las mías. Preciosa. SaludosSuperb light, image and picture !

Congrats on Explore !fantastica fotografia un momento esplendido y una belleza de lugar.Felicitaciones por Explore José! Primera página! Te lo mereces!Amazing capture..so beautiful!picture perfect!  beautiful!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3211918...Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22686

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)super:OOOO
that rainbow is awesome
great pictureAmazing picture!Para una postal!!!!
wow

!!!

rainbows are so awesome :')Excelente colores 
felicidades 

:)Wow! I have no words.Very beautiful....grandiosa foto Don José...lo tiene todo...luz...encuadre...color........
...una belleza...
...feliz día amigo...un abrazo....what a find - nice shot!Wow - great shot. Stunning rainbow against a very grey sky.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado in the mood  /post 1 - award 2, please/  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

I do love rainbows!!!Es una auténtica maravilla.Parece como la visión de un sueño. Qué imagen más bonita, es una maravilla.Joe que luz mas increible, sin duda una gran imagen para contemplar. Os mojasteis??This is excellent capture, beautiful picture.Nicely taken.


 
 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
1 POST / 2 COMMENTS. +20 FAVES ARE REQUIRED
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPicturesAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Ich liebe es!wow, just wow !Gorgeous rainbow super cadrage.
cong. my friend.Awesome capture.very nice shot.Beautiful superb photography.Sooo stunning &amp; picturesqe!  Love it!  Congrats on Explore!Fantastic shot! Superb exposure &amp; composition.Excellent! Congratulations!what a beautiful scene - 

great capturesimplemente una obra de arte !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I like it! Please consider adding it to PhotoVotr and see what others are saying!

And vote for your favorites at www.photovotr.comIt is beautyful.Muy buen encuadre y muy, muy buen procesado. SaludosBrillant stuff !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Preciosa luz el encuadre de lujo muy buena saludosProduce síndrme de Stendall, tendría que estar prohibida, jaja. Sublime. Enhorabuena por esta imágen soberbia.Es un lindo paisajeجميله جدا

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]Imagen extraordinaria!!. Recibes un saludoHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Magical places and trees y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

So beautiful
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!beautiful. great capture with the rainbowJe l'ai déjà vu, mais je vous le redis c'est une superbe photo, très jolies couleurs !


Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!Increiblemente bella...Amazing shot ! Great work, well done !
Congratulations! Your great photo is a
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!Una maravilla de imàgen,color y luz amigo...felicitaciones...!!!!
Congratulations! Your great photo is a
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!heel mooi!!!Lindíssima!!!!!!


Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!fantástica!!!Awarded !! this is Sublime
Deserve Another FavTop50 Award !!!



I saw this in the FavTop50 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2wonderful capture!
**************************************************************************************************************

Congratulations! Your great photo is a
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!

 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
Please comment &amp; fave at least 2 photos after yours.
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPicturesAbsolutely fabulous colour!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]
Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!paololivorno's friends group



You can tag your photo paololivorno'sfriends

José Angel es hermoso tu trabajo, felicitaciones!Congratulations!
This is an excellent shot!
 
Seen at the group:
  Super best shots on flickr** I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2Awarded !! this is Sublime
Deserve Another FavTop50 Award !!!



I saw this in the FavTop50 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2hello my friend !!! 
thanks for sharing this beautiful composition
☼♥flickr'sfriends♥☼--
THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL PICTURE
THANK YOU FOR SHARING !!


 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
Please comment &amp; fave at least 2 photos after yours.
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPictures
Your image is truly special !
Thank you for sharing with &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;  
You can post your photo in the “GOLD GALLERY” thread!wonderful mood!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2wow, this is so nice!Congratulations!
This is an excellent shot!
 
Seen at the group:
  Super best shots on flickr** I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2I viewed this large and it's even more incredible!
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No Logos words only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!a href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/photos/55948751@N00/4120989061/&quot;&gt;
*Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery*
Please comment &amp; fave at least 2 photos after yours.
Tag your photo ; Saariy'sQualityPictures*謝謝分享您美麗的作品!*
I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2Your wonderful photo was made just for our group in the mood
Thank you for posting!


in the mood
Post 1 Comment 2I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2Beautiful scene. The light is awesome.

 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ***A Place For Great Photographers***   (Invitation Only) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Super shot !!Beautiful image.Magnifica!!Awarded !! this is Sublime
Deserve Another FavTop50 Award !!!



I saw this in the FavTop50 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2

 *Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery* 
Please comment &amp; fave at least 2 photos after yours.
Tag your photo : Saariy'sQualityPicturesYou are invited to add your picture to:

Nature's Garden (Invited Only - P1:A3)
If you accept this invitation, Please remember to Award 3 
Pictures in our Group Using the group Award code.Seen in the Invitation Request thread of Nature's Carousel..

Your picture is beautiful, you are invited to post this to NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)



 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2Immaculte beauty. Congrats on entering explore.Wish I could read Spanish
Beautiful
*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words-Admin Invite Only-Award 2 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Wow!!  This is beautiful, I love the rainbow and light.  This would be gorgeous framed.    
~~~~~~~~~~
This image is exceptional ! 
 It would be an honor if you added this to the group. 

Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words 

***************************************************  
By accepting this invitation, you agree to
award 2 other images in the group pool.   
***************************************************  

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words-Admin Invite Only-Award 2&quot; (?)
----------------
You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!!

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2
invited with SICI (2009-09-12)Breathtaking picture,remarkable details and composition,beautiful colours-light,fascinating work,i like it,congratulations,have a fabulous day,best regards,jeanda.

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2Preciosa captura y técnicamente impecable. Saludos.


Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread Preciosa fotografia....
Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. This Fantastic Picture was Seen in:

Nature's Garden (Invited Only - P1:A3)

3+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 3+ Thread
5+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 5+ ThreadHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

THIS IS A WONDERFUL IMAGE
THANK YOU FOR SHARING !!


*Saariy's Quality Pictures Gallery*
Please comment &amp; fave at least 2 photos after yours.
Tag your photo ; Saariy'sQualityPicturesHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado The Unforgettable Landscapes * P1-C3 *  (sweeper) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.great work!

--
Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!superb photo my friend!

Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!This is an award  NOT AN INVITE 
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!! 

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Lovely composition..:o)

This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Stunning

You are invited to Heavenly Shots

post 1/ award 3Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Creative Moments in Our Time  ☼ Admin Invited Only (Award 2) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.This Fantastic Picture was Seen in:

Nature's Garden (Invited Only - P1:A3)

3+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 3+ Thread
5+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 5+ Thread[http://www.flickr.com/photos/purydelucca/3060987099/in/set-72157610135309337/]
What a fantastic image! Great composition!Awarded !! this is Sublime
Deserve Another FavTop50 Award !!!



I saw this in the FavTop50 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Nature and General Animal Photography-Showcase and Discussion  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

We would also love to have you join us at:
www.flickr.com/groups/1283985@N25/This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Your photo was admired in the:

Nature and General Animal Photography-Showcase and Discussion GroupThis Fantastic Picture was Seen in:

Nature's Garden (Invited Only - P1:A3)

3+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 3+ Thread
5+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 5+ ThreadThis Fantastic Picture was Seen in:

Nature's Garden (Invited Only - P1:A3)

3+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 3+ Thread
5+ Nature's Garden Awards Post in our 5+ Thread 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Jose.This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2This is an award  NOT AN INVITE 
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!! 

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Lovely frame

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Sail the Seven Seas (Admin invite only)Post1~Award3 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.FaNTASTICA............una meraviglia questa imagine,hai colto un attimo di pura bellezza..COMPLIMENTI Amico mio.!!!!! 
Excellent Capture ! ! !
PLEASE POST THIS PHOTO :

NATURES ELEGANT SHOTS (Invitation Only)  
Post 1 Comments 4 / Agrega 1 Comenta 4 
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/Your shot is pure gold!
Seen in: www.flickr.com/groups/the_gold_collection/Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado EXPLORE WINNERS OF THE WORLD  [  Post 1 - 4 Awards ] y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Wow!! Beautiful capture. Bravo and bravo again



Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado FLEURS ET PAYSAGES***** Admin Invite P1: C2 Sweeper Active y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado TOP SHOTS /  Post Invited Images Only )  Post 1 /  Awards  4 ) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Art Touch - Invite Only (comment 2) SWEEPER y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

great scenery

Wonderful work!
Thank you for sharing it with us in:

 Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseusgreat light

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREThis is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthGreat shot &amp; you have received 5+ awards from Nature's Carousel Group. Post here in medium size to receive our &quot;Silver Carousel&quot; &amp; the chance to win extra awards!  

www.flickr.com/groups/1216504@N22/discuss/72157621992950171/

Please help your fellow members to reach the next level by awarding 2 OTHER worthy photos in this thread.  Many thanks

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2Congratulations, you are a 5+ winner &amp; deserve our Silver Carousel!


 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
6esto es ARTE, muy bien 
saludos
Your work is Excellent!!!
Sail the Seven Seas
POST 1 / AWARD 3 
Please tag your photo: SailSevenSeasThis Sublime Image is really an Artistic Creation, and was seen in : Art Touch


Your shot is pure gold!
Seen in: www.flickr.com/groups/the_gold_collection/Fabulous colours

Wonderful photo, thanks for sharing in NATURE'S CAROUSEL (Invite Only)




 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
Seen in the 5+ thread


 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
Seen in the 5+ threadStupenda immagine.
Wonderland! Landscapes! (Invited only or 20 Faves)Beautiful light in this!
Wonderland! Landscapes! (Invited only or 20 Faves)Congratulations, your photo stands out from the crowd!


 NATURE'S CAROUSEL POST 1 AWARD 2
5+ awards POST HERE
10+ awards POST HEREYour photo is the elite of the elite &amp; has received our Golden Carousel award!


You are invited to join NATURE'S GOLDEN CAROUSELWow, it's a kind of perfect day! Really beautiful! Nice composition! : )simply beautiful!!    www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/ 

SEE IN / VISTA EN :
NATURE’S ELEGANT SHOTS ( Invitation Only ) 
( Post 1 / Comment 4 )
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/ 
----------------------
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to 
THE BEST OF MIMAMOR’S GROUPSCongratulations, You have 5 awards/invites.
You can post your photo in the Damn Fine Picture 5+ award thread in Medium size.

A 5 Award Winner!!!
 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!!

SEE IN / VISTA EN :
NATURE’S ELEGANT SHOTS ( Invitation Only )
( Post 1 / Comment 4 )
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/
----------------------
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF MIMAMOR’S GROUPS 
Seen in the group&quot;NATURE'S ELEGANT SHOTS  [ Fotos Invitadas /  11,000 Miembros ]&quot; (?)A Beautiful Creative Moment, Seen in 
Creative Moments In Our Time

 Please Read the Rules.
(Post 1,comment 2) Don't forget to Comment. 
Thanks for sharingexcellent
 Beautiful capture! ! !
SEE IN : / VISTA EN :

TOP SHOTS / Only Invited Photos 
Post 1 - Comment 4 
TAG your photo &quot; TopShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/topshots/
SWEEPER ACTIVE
PLEASE COMMENT / ON 4 
----------------------
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to 
THE BEST OF MIMAMOR’S GROUPSAwarded !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop75 and I faved it !!!



 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2paradise :))

This Sublime Image is really an Artistic Creation, and was seen in : Art Touch


Gorgeous shot!  Beautifully done!

I SAW THIS IN:
 
&quot;THE Unforgettable Landscapes&quot;Very beautiful!
This Sublime Image is really an Artistic Creation, and was seen in : Art Touch




Seen in the group&quot;Art Touch - Invite Only (comment 2) SWEEPER&quot; (?)Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!Awarded !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop75 and I faved it !!!



 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2

SEE IN / VISTA EN :
NATURE’S ELEGANT SHOTS ( Invitation Only )
( Post 1 / Comment 4 )
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/
----------------------
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF MIMAMOR’S GROUPSJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado 50+ Faves (Post 1, Comment +Fave 2) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Simply gorgeous my friend!

Faved !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop100+ and I faved it !!!



I saw this in the FavTop100+ Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2
PreviewYour shot is pure gold!
Seen in: www.flickr.com/groups/the_gold_collection/Beautiful lighting!
 

SEE IN / VISTA EN :
NATURE’S ELEGANT SHOTS ( Invitation Only ) 
( Post 1 / Comment 4 )
TAG your photo &quot; NaturesElegantShots &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/natureselegantshots/ 
----------------------
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to 
THE BEST OF MIMAMOR’S GROUPSHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado MAJESTIC NATURE ~ Sweeper ~ Comment 3  No Flowers y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Fantastic!

Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)amazing view, beautiful light and colours!!!!Wonderful light! Beautiful composition! Great shot!
 

Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)Your image is my favorite in
    MAJESTIC NATURE Group
    ~~~Post 1, Comment 3~~~

    

     After receiving 5 or more Majestic awards post
    Your image in our special thread   5+awardsMG ! Another great picture !!!
Beautiful !

Your image is my favorite in
MAJESTIC NATURE Group
~~~Post 1, Comment 3~~~



 After receiving 5 or more Majestic awards post
Your image in our special thread   5+awardsHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeil - NO PEOPLE-Please 3 comments y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hi, Your photo has been spotted
and is worthy of an Invitation to

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/flickrclassique/
We would love to have you join and share this photo with the group.
Invited Images Only! Post 1, Award 3
Please tag &quot;Flickr Classique&quot;


--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Flickr Classique *Invited Images Only* &quot; (?)fantastica, es una foto estraordinaria, gran trabajo, enhorabuena
fantastic, a picture is extraordinary, great job, congratulations

This Sublime Image is really an Artistic Creation, and was seen in : Art Touch


Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Pictures Worth A Thousand Words - Post 1/Comment 2 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.


--
Seen in the group&quot;Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words-Admin Invite Only-Award 2&quot; (?)
----------------
Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!
commented with SICI (2009-09-12)
~~~~~
Greetings, I am the Admin to  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words and you have 5 awards. You may post this excellent picture to the 4 award Golden 5 Stars Trophy thread .

Official Golden 5 Star Winner 

 Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words
----------------
This picture is a perfect fit for the  Pictures Worth A Thousand Words group!

Please join us and add your picture to our group.
invited with SICI (2009-09-12)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Best Of DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken That y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

 
~~~~~~~~~~
This exceptional image
received 5+ awards from Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!!

We are honored to invite you to post it in

 Best Of DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken That - ADMIN ONLY
Post 1 - Award 2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Absolutely Perrrfect:SWEEPER!! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Maravillosa!!!!!

Faved !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop100+ and I faved it !!!



I saw this in the FavTop100+ Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2
PreviewYour image is my favorite in
    MAJESTIC NATURE Group
    ~~~Post 1, Comment 3~~~

    

     After receiving 5 or more Majestic awards post
    Your image in our special thread   5+awards
wonderful imageHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Images for the Little Prince  Invited  only  Sweeper  P 1 a 3 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Your image is my favorite in
MAJESTIC NATURE Group
~~~Post 1, Comment 3~~~



 After receiving 5 or more Majestic awards post
Your image in our special thread   5+awards~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Greetings! I am one of the team at  Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!!
Consider posting your picture on the  ALMOST THERE request stream for those photos needing a few more awards to qualify for our Damn Fine or Outstanding awards.

Please remember to award at least 2 images in the thread. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! (Invite Only) Post 1-Award2  &quot; (?)What beauty. Bravo.

 

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)This is an award  NOT AN INVITE 
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!! 

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2beautiful
A strong imagination creates opportunity
This exceptional image was seen at

Best Of DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken That - ADMIN ONLY
Post 1 - Award 2
Very beautiful image!!!

Your image is my favorite in
MAJESTIC NATURE Group
~~~Post 1, Comment 3~~~



 After receiving 5 or more Majestic awards post
Your image in our special thread   5+awards

You deserve &quot;Another Diamond&quot; on your Great Photo!
I have seen your Great Photographic Art in:
Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class PhotographerHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado *absolutely beautiful-absolutamente bello*post 1 comment1 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo. Seen this fabulous piece of art : 

Images for the Little Prince Invited OnlyPrecioso juego de luces y color.Your picture is a winner!

Seen in  Golden Pictures Worth 1000 Words group!This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesome Seen this fabulous piece of art :

Images for the Little Prince Invited OnlyVery evocative, Bruce - I like this!!thanks joe!Oh, this really draws you into it.. nice Bruce.stopping by a woods on a snowy evening...You're sneaking up here and making the pictures I want to make! No fair! ...but inspiring, just the same! ;)ever put these large on canvas? They would be kitsch and excellent.Exquisite!just wonderfulBeautiful contrasts and lines.  I really like the subtle color differences between the sky and snow.Follow the trail.
Great shot!Oh, sigh........................................ really Bruce, this is simply lovely......... I want to walk along that trail with my dog.I have a stone in my shoe. Can we stop for a moment?This is amazing my friend!!!!  I love the dark moodyness.super.a lovely winter scenegradation of light is so well handled here.Beautiful, wonderful atmosphere!aw..yes  I want to be there... great toneswow, amazing path, and I love the mood!!!! Great work!!could be an illustration for hansel and gretel, perhaps.Wonderful.LOVE!your work consistently jumps out from the contacts page
JPerfect selection of color.v.v.nicesuch perfect colour. breathless.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!WoW...amazing shot!!! This is my kind of photo!! Wish I were there my friend!!! Very beautiful!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All amazing shots, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gone With The Wind-p1/c 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Simply beautiful in every single possible way.  Love.LoveThis amazing photo was seen in :

The All amazing shots&lt;/aLove the subtle tones and the somewhat eerie mood of this great image!really love this Bruce  :)fantastica!!Beautifully captured..very evocative...haunting...

All the best,
Sheree

This amazing photo was seen in :

The All amazing shotsBeautiful!so niceHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful!
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )wonderful. it is so full of that dark winter mood.Very beautiful !espectacularbeautiful tones and colourHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)thanks so much for all the comments , faves, and invites everyone, much appreciated!

@ billy...have definitely thought about having some of these printed on canvas, and suspending my distaste for that medium...but it's so expensive!There were some photos printed on canvas that I went to see this week. A couple of the photographs were quite good. (My threshold for photography has gone up hangin' with my contacts here.) The fact that they were printed on canvas did them no favours... meh. They would have been better presented on paper.I saw that show...some good photos indeed. but the subject matter and the 'straight' processing is much more suited to traditional paper printing and framing imo. 
thanks a-m!Stunning. The landscape of deep dreams.Stunning image with the most wonderful poetic mood. BrilliantLove this one - the color and the mood and that trail, wonderful!Wow! What an amazing shot! I love the color and quiet can be heard instananeously!wonderful shot..thanks guys!A Wonderful Path!

Seen in the Magical places and trees groupbeautiful compositionsuperbe, ma preferisco la versione intermedia ...Molto bello l'effetto del &quot;dente&quot; delle Pale che emerge dalla bruma e si gode gli ultimi raggi di sole. Anche la versione estiva non è male, ma preferisco di gran lunga la prima.La seconda è splendida!Love the lighting....superb shotsCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato pro50. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Beautiful!e' uno spettacolo in tutte le versionisuperbe photo, j'aime beaucoupImpressive compo!

[ via FotoItz's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Io invece preferisco la prima e l'ultima. Quella in mezzo (almeno al mio computer) è troppo sparata con un verde quasi innaturalever very nice shottutte e tre bellissima , ma quella postata e sognante  the best!!!complimenti...e  ciaoTre gioielli preziosi di fascino assoluto
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )it seems like clouds are always there!) nice location, though I think I prefer the snowy shot!Bellissima serie stagionaleReally amazing Light &amp; Focus !!what a meeting point!

i like so much!!!wonderfulBeautiful light atop the mountains, and I love the gathering of pine trees in the center.  Once again, a beautiful intermission.  xo 
_____________________
reply with darckr?rimango in silenzio... non so più cosa dirti!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato *PhotoGraphia* &amp; Q.(P1/AW1): OPEN: 8° CONTEST &quot;Hall of Fame&quot;. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

deliziosa!!la natura che fa gli esercizi di stile. paesaggi(o) magnifico.The 4 seasons! There's one missing, but I'm sure it will come. Great seasonal series, Giancarlo.so dreamy!magnificent!Wonderful composition !..., un tris d'Assi..., attendiamo il quarto...super~!carissimo GianCarlo la serie è bellissima e  le singole foto con le cime ora rosa ora innevate e quel ciuffo di Abeti che si colora anch'esso secondo le stagioni. Un saluto cordiale ALDOFWhat a wonderful sense of depth and height in all these images. You spoil us with your artistry Giancarlo, it makes me happy every time I see work you have doneMeravigliose le Pale in 3 versioni!!
La terza preferita
Ciaoo!!panoramiche meravigliose !!Light to die for.incredibile composizione e luce!
decisamente la più bella è quella in mezzo, cmq bravissimo!


incredibili wquesti 3 scatti!Superbe la série ....bellissimaFabulous image!a me piace molto questa versione velata di malinconiathree fabulous image of a grand sceneryExcellent series!Perfect composition!

 You are invited to add this superb image to :

Images for the Little Prince Invited OnlyMagnificent!!Bellissimo scenario

--

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Authors' club &quot; ( ?² )Love those red mountains !!
 Excellent landscape shots with an amazing light !!Sono tutte e 3 splendide, però concordo con la tua scelta, la luce che illumina la parte alta della montagna e la leggera foschia in secondo piano rendono l'insieme più misterioso ed enigmatico.



magnifica!una più bella dell'artra,complimenti,ciaoA proposito di parlare al cuore.
Meravigliosa!

Grazie  Giancarlo.
Ciao.Tre foto, con tre interpretazioni delle stagioni una più bella dell'altra, complimenti Giancarlo !alla Vivaldi ..... !!!la prima...come un'apparizione fiabesca!
Andrò a contemplarli quegli alberi prima o poi!The second version is just breath taking! Anyway, the pure composition allows for any colour in this supreme photo. I just love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)secondo me tu vivi nel paese degli elfi, queste immagini non sono del mondo realeSuper super taglioWonderful !!!oOo  A mix of thoughts as I first look at your image  ... the mountain
peaks klssed in pink, how beautiful, sunrise ! .. and then the misty appeal of the shade, no sun or warmth and then sunset I think ... 
a mixture of senses, all very beautiful .. Bev oOo



Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;Amazing landscape, hard to choose between the three, so same but so different if you know what I mean. 

Great workfantastic sceneryBella serie !!! Come i covoni di Clode Monet .....

Si apre il cuore e la montagna diventa un'esigenza ......Nostalgia.......tanti anni fa all'istituto Santa Croce (Fiera di Primiero).........Nell'attesa di una splendida primavera.
Grazie maestro !Splendid !Io le ammiro tutte...sono stupende...mi fanno respirare l'aria di montagna
la seconda è stupefacente!
Seen on

....spettacolari!!!!Sono tutte bellissime, ma la seconda è spettacolare!Excellent !Che meraviglia!!!La composizione è favolosa, gli alberi in primo piano sembrano voler imitare l'andamento crescente dellle vette della montagna.

La più bella è la terza. La seconda mi da quasi di soprannaturale.Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.StunningCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Spettacolare foto!! Un insieme che da stimolo, forza, potenza!!! Tutte queste verticalità non possono che spingerti verso l'alto!
Ciao Giancarlo.Very good capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthMeglio la uno, la due o la tre? A me piace la due. 
Sono tutte comunque fantastiche.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Kaleidoscopic Vision. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.awesome ;]Amazingly beautiful photograph. Great composition and choice of lens.Original
&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

the BEST of Flickr!!!Love this! :)nice choicegreat shot!You make the Union Jack look really good, now it's much more than a flag.maiuscola ! :)this is a very cool shot. love it.Fantastic, I love everything about it :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great! A british girl?The Union Jack never looked better!girl, you are too much:-)oh wow, love it!! Very cool title with it!! :)such a cool shot!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )nice shot, i like the music link, too.  thanks.I really liked the Union Jack symbol before this.  Now I love it!gorgeous ..wonderful work!
 
&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

flickr.com/groups/bestofflickr/
I would appreciate your comments Faved

* Seen In EXPLOREpiacevolissima, mi piace anche il taglio datowow... ipnotica :)...e non solo la regina...favolosa
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)The flag of my country,  beautifully captured ! I'm sure the Queen would like your photo but Diana would have loved it ! ♥Stupenda!Cool shot, love it!Bella !!!bello lo spunto e bello il fuoco...e poi fantastica la presentazione...ma come fai!??!!? :DGorgeous!&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

the BEST of Flickr!!!Really nice shot !amo l'inghilterra! :)molto sezzy!A great showing of my national flag, I will be walking taller all day ;-)Amazing visual art!:)........splendidamente sexy ......W l'Inghilterra!save...saveAnymore from this shoot? Its a shame there isn't more of ..... you.I should say so!!!Your photo screams Photographer !!! 
Thank you for sharing with us 

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** the most beautiful Union Jack i've ever seen :-)Sexy e simpatica allo stesso tempo ;-)Union Jack Focus! : )Great cropt and music...good job!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Le tue foto sono tutte favolose!! bellissimi i colori e le inquadrature. Ho visitato il tuo sito e lo trovo molto molto bello!! COMPLIMENTI!!Fantastic!Very nice!!!excellent shotCongrats on Explorebellissima...!Wow! very nice!Completely hot! What else is there to say!che bella foto!!! chi è la splendida sexy modella?
mi piace l'inquadratura ed il taglio fotografico...
interessante immaginare l'espressione della modella ..
interessante e vedere la foto con un taglio superiore di altezza..
composizione perfetta!!
brava socia!!
&quot; che dio salvi la regina&quot;incredible! lack the right words to describe it though... ;-)Nice shot! I love the composition and the pretty red nails. Was it chilly? Ha ha, just kidding!fantastica ilaria...ciaooo
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )original, great!!Gorgeous!!!Mi piace molto la non-staticità del corpoWow ! Great capture !!!
A Fantastic Image
Thank you for posting!

A Definite Favorite!!
Golden Masterpiece Award
Golden Masterpiece Group
Please Tag Image &quot;goldenmasterpiece&quot;CoolCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1372858...Very nice shot.. Seen in Explore and FP!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato GRAPHiC WEAR. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)  I Think this is Art ! AWARDThis photo took my BREATH away

BREATHTAKING
&quot;collect 5 Green Breathtaking Awards to get a Gold AwardThis photo took my BREATH away

BREATHTAKING
&quot;collect 5 Green Breathtaking Awards to get a Gold Award&quot;This photo took my BREATH away

BREATHTAKING
&quot;collect 5 Green Breathtaking Awards to get a Gold Award&quot;British flag never looked so good!;)This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthlovely shot :)brilliant! love it!Excellent... love it
;-)Haaa, shocking is good !!!
Very nice pic. 

Mart BeeScatto molto bello e originalefog alert!!!;)wow great tone and moodMagnifique....
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)how could one ever get bored of your friend, the way you promote him, i don't think i'll ever get bored! this is such a terrific moody atmosphere... oh just wonderfulwhoaaa!!! You rule!!! :)the fog is incredible!You do the fog so well. Never tire of it. 

This is so beautiful with the faint bus light and figure in the fog. 

Brilliant.Amazing :)I love it!Très surprenante cette masse noire en arrière plan et l'ambiance est inquiétante. Comme quoi, des photos de même styles font passés des messages différentes... C'est encore une bien belle image !the lighting and the fog gives a really interesting atmosphereAwesome! What a atmosphere in thisPouah ! Quelle purée ! C'est pas des lunettes mais un chien qu'il vous faut la-bas ^_^
Malgré ça une magnifique lumière...  Mais comment fais-tu ?Cant wait to see the rest!great atmosphere in this shot!oh my god !! this fog never stops in your area, très belle photo !! and the sun try to beat the fog but hardly can, well composed Nicolas!wow stunning fog!Super backlight very atmospheric, oh and the fog!! :-)))Wow, great light!You got the atmosphere of the moment. Greatet sinon ça vous arrive de voir le ciel? XD

superbe photo, je sens que tu en pris toute une série, j'ai hâte de voir la suite!

au fait c'est quoi cette espèce de montagne en arrière plan?some amazing images on your stream..
this is fantastic

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)fantastic shot, as always. Superb mood. Well doneUnreal ...Man you DO live in a really misty place.. ;)
Great shot again. The mist vs the sunlight is very attractive!:)Bon et bien que dire de plus que &quot;Fav&quot; ? c'est magnifique...Super beau, vraiment impressionnant ce brouillard.
Je me questionne aussi sur cette sorte de masse en arrière plan...Great capture.  Enjoyed your stream.Wow this is crazy!! I have been hoping for some more street scenes from you. This one is amazing can't wait to see what you got.Love that fog!
Great shot!Tiens... une future front page...
Fav!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )woah, very cool!Awesome Nic! - keep 'em coming!Great, great, great!!!!It's extra special to see a photo on the same day that it was taken. It feels close enough still, and feels like it can be experienced through the image more, for some reason. This is such a dreamy and beautiful photo.amazing!!!!! n_nAmazing atmosphere! Great shot!!!surreal... stunning!Gorgeous (as always) - the light, the warm tones of the fog - just amazing capture!is your surname Fog ? :) 
lol, fave :)that is one HEAVY fog!thanks a lot my friends! i'll excited you like it. i actually hesitated a lot with a darker shot. 

poto, fabrice: the structure in the background is the roof of a house. yep! fog was so dense it was erasing things in the best way possible! well sun light is also responsible for it too i admit. :)mais ou va tu chercher des brouillards pareil !!!
impressionant visuellement une fois de plus, je m'en lasse pas !!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great workI always think of your fog shots when we wake up to fog now. You've brought a reason to look forward to it! and haven't gotten tired of them yet.looking forward for the awesomeness that is to come... GOOOOD !!!Avec tes images je ne verrais plus le brouillard de la même façon, je ne m'étais pas rendu compte qu'il était si photogénique .De la balle quoi .difficile de faire le &quot;fogus&quot;, non ?!Great atmosphere!ouais c'est dingue ce brouillard!
à lausanne on en a une fois tous les 5 ans :/
magnifique clichéGreat atmosphere ~Wonderful shot :0
Congrats on Explore !
#47 in interestingness (on 2010-02-08)Pretty cool !Sensationnel, quelle ambiance !

Chapeau bas !interesting and particular scene! looks like a sand tempest..Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3261406...Completely wonderful.Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Amazing! I love foggy days... 
Congrats for your Explore FP!another FP - hey hey! It is a great image ;-)Non mais il y en a marre ! Moi j'ai pas vu un début de commencement de brouillard depuis des lustres. 
Bref, ça déchire tout. Et je ne suis pas du tout en train de dire que ce n'est que grâce au brouillard hein ;-)
Biz !great image!Love this shot.This is an awesome scene :)very cool shot.  Well done and CongratulationsHi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Je ne sais pas si tu as vu le film 'The Mist', adapté d'une nouvelle de Stephen King. Ta photo semble en sortir. Le film était très moyen (à la différence de la photo) :-)Great capture! The top and bottom black seem a bit unnecessary/superfluous and distracting in my opinion.  At least they don't seem to add anything to what is a very nice image.Another marvelous shot, Nicolas!! 
I don't get tired of your friend the fog, he creates such a great atmosphere!!Sorry I missed this yesterday (was traveling)...fantastic use of light and mist...sensational.  Congrats on Explore! 

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)beautful mood! looks great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

la lumière est juste magnifique!!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Sparth.Wundervoll. Fabelhaft.  &lt;3 ~ yokoamazing shotfantastic !Foua cette brume mais tu vis dans un hammam géant!
La compo est super et les tons, entre chaud et froid, c'est très bon.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nahik/]  hé hé hamman géant excellent =)Beautiful!


Seen on FluidrThis rocks! Love the atmosphere!tres belle photo, belle composition, j'ai un envie subite de brouillard...It is almost unreal! This is insane!!! Salute!!!Awesome ~ like always ! :)cinematograficAn arresting fog shot... well done.This is great. I guess the dreary Seattle area weather makes for an interesting photo.bored ???? i love them :)J'adore..Yes Yes Yes it is superb.........!!!!Beautiful photo :)+++Good after Noon 
Guys let me Explain one thing which portrait you are watching on my stream 
its 2 years old Don't think its Fresh  
Soon i will come up with New one
which will be better than these 
have a great Day !!!!Nice work again!


have a good one you too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Imaginātio, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent light !excellent SP, nice colors and superb lightyasin u r a great strobist. I'd wish u use more flash work in ur artistic creations!great strobist.i should try one day.lol..u look great my friend!! nice!coolLovely portrait ! beautiful background !very very focus!!!! awesome capture !!!!Nice one, seems like putting all the strength on the lens :)looks awesome here again .......Superb - have a great week!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great sp! Love the background, too!very cool, bro!Excellent lighting bro!Great looks here againHi, I'm an admin for a group called Me&amp;My Friends, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great work Yasin!

GRTZ,BENFabulous .!!!You always make great self-portraits Yassin.Beyond the words...
Lovely :)))you look like never change in two years. even greater, my friend. well, no matter old or fresh capture, you always mesmerize.amazing capture - beautiful colorscool one !! ;DExcellent capture my friend.on a roll! very creative series.Great!!!!fantastique.Great light and nice shot !!closes eyes &amp; clic !!! here a nice sP man
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great work ~ great light and technical information, wow.Fabulous work. great colour and light.awesome! That background you have is perfect for these shotsYou have a great day too Yasin!! Good shooting :o)Great lighting and pose my friend !!Great to see you Yasin !!!!!!! Lovely selfie !!!!!great  1 !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;CHEESE!  Did you get the shot!!

Happy Monday!Very nice. Love the sharpness. Gorgeous background too.Nice shot, love this seriesExcellentyou are the master of selfies, dear

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Another great one.Wow wonderful SPNice work, my friend!linda foto 
Cudiate mucho :)very nice yasin :)hey ol one eye.
Another fp selfieHi handsome!
Waiting for new portraits :)Great self-portrait!Superb portrait!!!It might be 2 years old but it's a very nice image!!Beautiful selportrait!You are the best, all you'r photos were great, ...i love all you'r wok.......
Have a nice day my friendanother great Portrait !!!!!i like all the serieTerrific shot !!Muy buena amigo!!!!!!nice work!Wonderful capture.

Have a süper week my friend.great lighting.  excellent SP, Yasin.great shot mashallah
allah y7f*6k `Wonderful Capturegreat one bro!Hi Yasin!
Nice portrait here!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very cool :)Great lighting.  Really nice portrait!excellent shot, dear friend, congratsHi, I'm an admin for a group called ESPRIMERE SE STESSI, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ★Favorite Pictures★(P.1♥A.2) [Invited Only] , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called What makes you happy? ❤  O que faz você feliz?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ümit  ♡ Hope  ♡ Esperança  [1 post 2 awards], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World Wide Web Portal, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very nice workgot me !Hello Yassin! Just wanted to let you know that i'm back :)
great portrait!Very professional pose! Great shot!Click!

Mark

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3311949...  thanks BuddyAnother one on FP!! Congratulations!!! As usual, the screenshot is available at ClipYourPhotos: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22679 

All your FP are here.Congratulations on FP my friendCongratz Yasin Bhai !   WelCome BrothersmashallahBrilliant portrait.. and it does help that you are handsomelove the background colors here....almost looks like an abstract earthOutstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)lovely background colors and great lighting!!For a moment it looked like you had gone micro four-thirds :)  Super portrait.  You are the master of your tools!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very intense expression in this one, part of a great series!

&quot;fiery bougainvillea&quot; www.flickr.com/photos/celeste/4342679728/Lovely portrait ! like the background !!Congrats on FP
Well deservedVery good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.You own Front Page!!!


Excellent!  Lovely Capture &amp; Beautifull B&amp;G ^^
Great Work &amp; Congrats 4 The FP :) Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a man alone is always in pleasant company, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Faces and faces - H.I.G.H.Q.U.A.L.I.T.Y. , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very cool Yasin ... congrats!  :-))

I would love to see more of your imaginative creations too!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FOTOGRAFANDO O FOTÓGRAFO!  ★ Catching the Photographer!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excelente trabalho. Parabéns!You're unstoppable Yasin. Congrats again.nice portrait shot !!another explore congrats :D
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Yasin.Congrats on  FP!!!Beautiful capture, nice jobFantastic portrait and the back colour is perfect....;-)
Congratu..for the explore darling...;-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Élite Only Outstanding Artistic photos WITH INVITATION  P1-C2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.wonderful imageSuper cool self-portrait!!! :)I'm interested to know why you consider this 'second string'. There does not seem to be the strong leading lines of some of your other images, but there is wonderful detail, and a great tonal range to the shot.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)The more vivid the color of the shot, the better for converting to B/W. This one is brilliant. The depth, tone and detail are amazing. Nicely done Ryan.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Scenics &amp; Wilderness (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Looks good to me man. You should do more B&amp;W stuff for sure, as pretty much anything you process looks amazing.Excellent Capture.Beautiful grays!! the light and textures are great

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Really awesome work!Tremendous shot, Ryan.  Powerful.  This is a masterpiece and needs to be framed up on a wall or gallery!Not bad for 2nd string. Amazing image. The tiny moon is the icing on the cake.Stunning scene!  Nice range of tones, and love those reflections in the lake!The ones that look good in colour normally look just as good in mono. You should definately do more black &amp; white... This one is amazing! So much detail and great tonality..Great conversion for sure man. I love color too but monochrome images are sweet and tend to grow on you the longer you took at one. I think they force the viewer to look a little closer and pay more attention to detail. Nice one Ryan. You should knock out more of these.Your processing sucks.  Show me what you do, and I'll help you figure out how to improve.  :)  You aren't buying that are you?  

I hope you realize that you are going to be quite busy in Glacier being my tour guide.  I still think we should leave Le Sucke at home.  You saw what happens when you bring him along!!Amazing!Ryan, great job on the B&amp;W conversion.  The luminance in the foreground is particularly fetching in my opinion.

~Joshwow !Stunning B&amp;W.  The range of tones is remarkable, the subject is breathtaking... difficult for me to find anything that would knock this one down to &quot;second string&quot;... even by the lofty standards that your portfolio sets.

I do have to ask though-  if this is a second tier image in your eyes, how is it in your personal favorites set?!  That implies that you don't think you have any first string images, when in fact you've got a portfolio full of them!  :)Wonderful scene, looks great in B&amp;W!

Arpadoutstanding details:)
Seen in Mountain Trail Photo
This is truly spellbinding Ryan. I thought Jesse Estes had a monopoly on this place, but his is surely one of the best B&amp;W shots I have seen in a long time. The thumbnail moon is a treat and the tonal range captivating. This blows me away. If you want to send one to me for me to check it over in person then my address is ........ :)Thanks man. Jesse and I were together on this evening, and after seeing his black and white version I decided to try doing the same with mine. His really is awesome. 

I have shot this location probably 15 times and have quite a few shots that I really like from here, so it was tough trying to make a shot that was different from the others I've already got from here. I actually returned to this spot a few days later and got a shot from a different vantage point that I like a lot better, mostly for the quality of light in it... This one is coming across a bit flat in the light department.Really stunning black and white. Great details throughout, but my favorite is the moon. To perfect.One of the most beautiful fine B&amp;W photos I have seen on Flickr. 
Very good skilled photography..!Thanks for the feedback everyone. The moon was enlarged a little and moved about an inch towards the top right, it wasn't showing well against the the bright horizon.Wow Ryan, I really like this in B&amp;W, its a beautiful view but now im looking forward to seeing this in color!really nice shot!cute little crescent moon!!  i would also like to see this in color.  i feel like the b&amp;w doesn't do it justice.  i guess i must be crazy since almost everyone else disagrees... :)It makes for a spectacular b&amp;w.Awesome capture!Wow!Personally, I prefer the more distant perspective than Jesse's closer one, but both of you produced amazing b&amp;w'sFantastic work!!!  J.B...This is fantastic. I think the key to successful b&amp;w shots is making sure that important elements aren't all the same brightness, so that they stand out from each other. You have a full range of light and dark all over the image, and it really brings out the details well.Looks great in B&amp;W Ryan!A W E S O M E ! ! ! !
Works extremely well in B&amp;W! I absolutely love that you've gotten the moon as well in the shot. Really, really great work!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )What an interesting capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Spectacular composition, awesome shot!!This is really nice in B&amp;W Ryan. -retzer
----------
www.retzercariaga.comColor or B&amp;W you pictures are great ! i love this one and the Rockies !Beautiful!!!! Stunning Image well doneBeautiful shot! Love the misty fog =)Neat, that tree's a cracker.

Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickrHi, I'm an admin for a group called Sleeping Time [post 1 - Award 5], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wonderful atmosphere, composition, colors...! u are really  magical! ;]

Please share this wonderful picture with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)
This is so beautiful Tom. I am missing the majestic hills of Scotland already.Awesome composition!! Mystical image!!Amazing capture, love the contrast between the rust colors in the foreground and slate blue sky.An interesting and nicely shot image... truly appreciate your sharing it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY nice one, great shot!Wonderful !!Amazing!Congratulations Tom, #106 on Explore.Very nice indeedy..i love the processing here..love how you've picked out the blues..lovely composition too..:o)


Thank you for sharing with ClanFlickrBeautiful scene.♥ itLovely work, well captured.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthThank you everyone.

Thanks for info on Explore Ann ! :)great shot !Gorgeous! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.what a beautiful sight. the church on the hill must be very big. It is fantastic to see the trees with snow like this.Bellissima, un dettaglio semplicemente stupendo, complimenti.l'immagine che hanno i ferraresi quando arrivano a Bologna, ma con la neve + preziosa che maisplendide!!!!!Great shot.finemente cesellata......!beautiful capture...colori tenui bellissimiche bella,paesaggio da favola!splendido panorama! che freddo...L'ho messa come sfondo... troppo bella! Ciaobelli gli sprazzi di colore che punteggiano un semiB/NChe vista!!!
--
 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.
--
Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group


--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Splendida San Luca con la neve!Beautiful image, composition and lighting.Just fantastic, I love it all, nice owrk.Fantastica immagine !!!molto bella..., deliziosa..., complimenti.

Angelo.splendida !!!Fantastica!!!Bella: a me piace così com'è....Wonderful snowy landscape!che spettacolo...(allora la neve ce l'hai anche tu)!!!!!!This is really beautiful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)BellissimaI tuoi paesaggi verdi o bianchi che siano, sono sempre belli. Anch'io avrei tagliato la parte a dx...che meraviglia,sembra un dipinto!!!!Ahhhhhhhh come caspita fai a dire che ti mancavano degli scatti belli per la tua presentazione fotografica !!!PS Anche io avrei comunque tolto un filino di più la parte destra.Excelente Marco !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Areal life fairytale. So wonderful to see.Magic ! A great work of art.  I love it.magnifica scena innevataun inverno regaleMolto bella e secondo me può andare bene sia come è e sia con il crop suggerito
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful image, wonderful capture, nice one.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato as beautiful as you want. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupBeautiful shot
i love itwow! Italy wearing white!

Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato TRAVEL PILGRIMS ~ Admin INVITATION ONLY Award 2. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Excellent work.questa volta mi hai commosso
forza bologna.....al fondo della discesa c'è una famosa osteria?
bella nevicata a bolognaExcellent !Unica!!! Scorcio veramente splendido!!Molto bella paesaggio stupendo!!!!!Perfetta , luminosa! Complimenti !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!great snow scene. thanks for the large view.ExcellentUna bellissima scala cromatica di colori freddi scaldata da un tocco di calore che riempie la foto di dolcezza...vista su Explore, bellissima!bellissimo paesaggio, freddo ma vivo!
ciao ;-)pracht van een opname !!!!!


--
Gezien in De DokaWat mooi, kleur, compositie en die honden zijn zo mooi in deze pose!Wow, I just love this. :)Prachtig zo...deze lichtval is fantastisch mooi..Heel mooi, en fantastische honden :)

Gezien in De DokaI really like this...you can just see the wheels spinning in their heads :-)geweldig! je ziet veel hondenfoto's maar slechts weinig portretten....Geweldige foto! 

Gezien in De DokaAlweer zo'n mooie hondenfoto.Gorgeous!!! Congrats on Explore!


You are invited to add your wonderful
picture to &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;! 
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Please tag your photo: COTHWonderful,wonderful! GREAT lighting!Awww they are gorgeous pups. This is a great photograph.Absolutely wonderful!!I am really enjoying this series of images with the dogs and the windows! I love the lighting, lines and the simplicity! Wonderful....Classic shot!Just browsing explore and saw this elegant shot.This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)They look like my dog used to look when he would wait for my wife to get home.Wow Wow!, Beautiful photo! great sharpness and tonessuperb shot, love the lightingSo beautiful Pauline!excelente toma!!So Perfect !Amazing capture! too cute!! great work!carini stanno pensando ???Fantastic, love it!!!Clean shot!love this- wonderful imageVisual poetry.beautiful!Wow, very nice!  What great colors.love itOh my gosh sc this is so wonderful.......Well done.  Nice colors!Absolutly stunning!!! Love the reflection!work of artso cool!!Lovely! I can hear the cries of the gulls.Beautiful reflections and subtle colours. Nice captureThanks, everyone.  Truly.

I've recently been organizing my archives, both raw and processed images.  I came upon the original of this photo last week and proceed to play with it in PS.  It was taken in 2007, so it's been &quot;on the shelf&quot; for a while.this is gorgeous!  beautiful image!This is so beautiful, lovely colours and light.Is simply good looking!love the tones nice work!This certainly seems worthwhile waiting for. I love the how the birds complete the ambiance and lend a distinct flavor of life.I saw this beautiful photo in the group: www.flickr.com/groups/52240317764@N01/ (?)Fantastic shot! Wonderful foggy morning with very cool reflections.A soul soothing dreamscape . . .amazing light!Great lighting and coloring!! The reflection is awesome...and love how the bird is mid-flight :DWonderful colorAbsolutely stunning photo!love the colors

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)superb!!!!superstarsthis is magical...!niceHi, I'm an admin for a group called All Safe Pics Welcome, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)de sueño!wow, this is so neat( :Absolutely Beautiful!!!  It pulls on my heart strings ; )superbeJ'aime beaucoup!lolol  tu dis ?

belle photo ;)well done.Beau cadrage !very, very original composition, great workDans les couples d'humain on observe parfois le même phénomêne :-)

Excellente composition! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )superbe! j'aime bcp le titre aussiMagnifique composition, plein de force ;)Dans le mon des humains aussi! Belle image!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )*** Adorable et Jolie ***

DomiMolto bella la foto, accurate ed armoniose la composizione e la scelta tonale.awooo!
So cute!GénialTrès belle composition ! c'est mignon comme tout!I love it!  

Seen in the **MONO**SEPIA** Group 


Thank you for sharingbelle photo,j'adore le cadrage!!!

 Photo vue et appréciée dans 

Le monde merveilleux de la Photo

Amicalement Such a great shot ~ and beautiful dogs

Seen in the **MONO**SEPIA** Group


Thank you for sharing

--
Seen in the group&quot;***MONO**SEPIA***Active sweeper***New Contest: ICM&quot; (?²ˣ)C'est pour cela que les hommes n'ont jamais le dessus. Bravo.

 Photo vue et appréciée dans 

Le monde merveilleux de la Photo

Amicalement great capture !!!Nicely done, great shot !...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DMe encantaune photo bien bavarde !Génial !

Vu dans / Seen in Quebec Noir et Blanc -- Black and WhiteFabulous converstation shot!

ah!ah! le p'tit ne ce laisse pas faire!!
gros chien malin!superbe composition et beau noir et blanc
 Photo vue et appréciée dans 

Le monde merveilleux de la Photo

Amicalement J'aime bien ton cadrage Mélanie. ludique et amusant. pas forcément habituel comme angle. Jolie photoreally funny !! :-)Nice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Felicitations pour Explore ;)Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Photography News: Photo of the Day, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !jejejej! es buenisima!wonderful capture!!Psionic Fung!Cool!I like that song too =)
and I love the remix version of
that song from jacques lu cont 
www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwJZJ9GyqKQ

nice pic btw..
i don't know how u did it,
but it looks cool Fung =)wow your so close to completing 365 , good job (:wow... the light was cool. fantastic!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)really nice! your heading the light...like soccer!Wow nicely done, why didn't you remove the flares? was it on purpose?Great work. Never thought of this before! &quot;Bright&quot; idea~Woah cool light.coolio =)Great shot, the light just hits the spot. ;)Whoa!!  Are you tuning into a unicorn?? :D
The bright light somehow reminds me of unicorns in fairy tales :)
Awesome!way coolWow good job Fung!! I have no idea how you did this, but one thing I can say is, IT IS AMAZING!2 more to go!!!
and fantastic job on this one, you're so creative Fung!Great shot!!perfect!really cool idea!fantastic highlights on your profile! very very cool!Wonderful work Fung!!wonderful &amp; great shot!Wow! Amazing work!!wow ! love it ! 
this photo has an Great effect! i

                            Supergood  ^.~ 


'Great lighting...!Wonderful! How many attempts have you made?

Seen on Fluidrthis is soooo nice!You are a rock star you know.looks like on stage for concert!Superb lighting! Super nova! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)superb creative idea! like the negative space on the left, it balances things out nicelyFAscinating portrait! Very very coolman i love this. faved.Beautiful silhouette...blade runner! cool :)VISIT MY FLICKR:

www.flickr.com/grippabru

*-*nice position of the flare :)this is amazing, :DLoved the lightningThis is outstanding Fung!! Beautiful work my friend!!Very cool. for a moment I had a little dyslexia and thought it was your last one. Still, relaly close!!!Nice glare!!
I love the light outlining your face :DWow! Absolutely love this photo! Amazing how most of the picture is dark but the light is still the most powerful. Cool~a beautiful light amidst the darkness, fabulous my friend!
&lt; 3Cool Effect! Scott Summers eat your heart outone of my favourite bands! love this..like a scene from a movie - i need to start playing with flash photography soon. i have the same flash sitting in my camera bag for months.The light is so perfect ! (: &lt;3the fungflare!
great selfie, that light silhouette is amazingAhh. Awesome.so cool !! look like a CD cover : )fantastic!this is way, way cool. great work.cool view :OVery creative, another amazing photo!Love your creative.Waiting for next day :Dcool!Very, very awesome! Saw this on Explore before I saw it on my contacts list. Weird. I can't believe I missed this. Very creative shot Fung!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThat light is fantasticcc!! :DCongrats Fung!! S very impressive how you were able to capture this. That light,your pose and the song..all convey a powerful work of art.Nicely done!!!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Smth in your eye?!  Let me help you... ahahaha! ;pIt is blinding me!I didn'y know you were an X-Men? ;)very cinematic, AndyCon una foto come questa mi avevi colpita...you choice of cropping really strengthens the cinematic ambiance you achieve in the photo. beautiful candid. very well crafted. COMPLIMENTI! Ti do una Zampa! 
 CONGRATULATIONS! I give you a Paw!  

Inserisci il tuo elemento e iscriviti in /
Please add your element and join in  Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze) 
Please tag your picture with &quot;Paw Award!&quot;beautiful night scene!Puro cinema direi. i toni delle tue foto sono sempre molto emotivi. ma forse te l'ho già detto, è che sto invecchiando...

mhm... a me il &quot;quadrato&quot; sta stufando...
interessante esperimento 16:9
mi piace
ciaoAmerica, bel taglio e composizione, anche cromatica!nice attempt!:)very good..rememer me the film black rain!
Potrebbe restare lì per ore ad osservare le vite in transito della stazione...sembra di stare in giappone o in cina.Does give it a cinematographic effect. Excellent !

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)As others have already said, very cinematic.  I like the sharp focus on the watcher with the town and its lights adding muted substance to the shot :-)Perfetta cura della luce. Mi piace molto come sei riuscito a tirare fuori i colori così bene.Scatto e formato da cinema!a particular moment watching street movement and considering

The light in this is amazing.nice compogreat scene,and i love the tone..I like the depth on this imageUna gran scena cinematografica!
nice photoThe format fits very well!Keep experimenting friend, this is just excellent bravo !very cinematic
I love this format, Andrea

splendida settimana a te


--

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Authors' club &quot; ( ?² )very cinematic
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice experiment! great framingVery cool! really cinematic

Seen on Fluidruna street grandiosa, dai toni splendidi!
cinematografica al massimo!
grande Andy! :-)compo e taglio magnifici!
Super capture.. excellent! :-)Nice processing. Interesting colours.Fantastic.
I just want to peer over the edge~excellent street candid!Agree. You should win best director at the oscars :)A Great Frame..!!!!The 16:9 format works well for this shot.Nice focus indeed. I really love the whole composition !Gorgeous cinematic shot Andy - love the mood here. Maybe you should start doing some shrt films :)great DoFMuy buen trabajo. 
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Come sai trattare le foto tu....non c'è nessuno! Sembra quasi respirare un aria natalizia....con tutti queste luci e colori così tenui ma allo stesso tempo molto caldi.
Bravo! Complimenti per l'explorer!what a wonderful moment you have caught here andy !!
i liked the tones and lightbeautiful colors!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called We Are Men, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

really cool shot. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Superb capture!nicely donel'esperimento in 16:9 è ben riuscito direi! Ottima :)oh daffodils!!!!!!!!
spring it's coming?
MT
Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group
so gorgeous! the focus is so perfect and the colours complement each other beautifully. love the comp as well幻想的な色、とても綺麗ですね〜！&lt;3 Sehr schön. Grossartige Farben und Komposition. &lt;3良い感じ。フィルムならでは。:)The diamond effect is really nice, giving a lot of personality to the photo. Is that an overlayed texture or a bokeh modifying filter?Beautiful as dream !!!the criss cross bokeh is sensational!great tones and focus!
Really like the dof!love the silky bokehvery beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful shot nice bokeh, the yellow really pops!Lovely!
XOXOXOXOLike the web behindphenomenonBeautiful shot!impressive shot.beautiful shot...great shot...!! love the composition and the dreamy background!! ( oh, the net too ^_^ )Gorgeous colors!wow!! fantastic colors &amp; moody tones!gorgeous bokeh..It magnifies texture and great composition.really lovely tones!バックの色とボケが、幻想的な世界を見せてくれますね！love BGFantastica foto!! Nice, as allways u do.背景の格子のボケが良いですね。Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.nice!Very good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.バックはフェンスかな？
うっとりな色です！！wow, that's a really nice shot here. I love how the grill in the background draws in bokeh. Nice job !This is lovely :)excellent workbeautiful.Pretty! Nice to see some colour after the Winter...beautiful colors and bokeh!just beautiful!lovely!awesome! =)amazingPerhaps the last in the series.

Couldn't decide vintage color vs b&amp;w. Thoughts people?


Like it in color better!
Very Nice shot!love the environment
love it 

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Like the vintage one! So lovely!vintage colour. nice shot :)seriously both are great. I can't decide either....cheers!yepp, vintage is cool here
they say snow on wednesday here again, not copmarable to the snow they had at the East Coast of courseBoth are great but my fave goes for Color one ;-)
Bravo!the vintage color version is beautiful. this series never stops amazing me. great work.yep, the color version definitely works better here! 
Really nice one!Great street shot.
Good exposure and I really like the whole feel to this one.I also prefer the color version, nice view of nightly Gothenburg!colour! both are great though.vintage colour for me, very good shot.Both are great but the added coloured elements in the vintage shot add the finishings touches to a quality shot.. Great work..b/w better, but quite the same cinematic flavour.

Cheers!Great capture Marc ! I love this atmosphere,fav for me, thkslovey atmosphereGreat seriesVery atmospheric, I think the colour has the edge.I do love it, the tones, colours, mood, light, composition... It makes me feel like if I was there... Great photo!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Lots of mood. Like the color better.beautiful sceneI vote for color.Great shotgreat mood!love the vintage colours
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )i like both of them...like in a movie the tones are really fantasticGreat shot, I like the vintage although the strip lighting on the left may be a wee bit distacting or does it add intrest? Great capture whatever effect you prefer.beautiful shot!Splendid SHot!! . ..   Amazing composition and colors!!vintage for me if I have a vote - great shot &amp; post !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

superb in colors!!Splendid shot.... Poster worthycolor.  nice shot!I like color. good work.Winter... makes you reflect more. I do like the color version more, the mood is more complex, more reflective, more Winter.vintage color… feels right.color is captivating!excellent winter shot !Wow, what a great piece of urban photography.  And you got lucky with that snow too.   Works perfectly well here.When I see images like this, it makes me wish I lived in the snowy areas, but I do love California.

I love the processing in this, and how it really helps delineate the mood of the evening.I prefer the colour as well...what a brilliant street walking series you got going here my man!! They look outstanding!Great image, so beautiful!!Fantastic night scene.Close call but I think the BnW...?  Excellent shot!superb night scene, great cinematic moodanother piece of urban poetryAmazing pic!

 Seen in my contacts :-) Great work!!!!very nice lights. congrats for your albums.Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Fantástica.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)awesome photopure theatre and for what it's worth, absolutely colour.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThis is awesomeSo cinematic
Vintage colors for meI like both  shots strangely enough... very good work, lots of mood.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 50+ FAVORITES[Post 1: Award 3], and we'd love to have this added to the group!great. The color one is more powerful.color for me , very nice shot :-)Perfect capture !!i love the muted colors...perfect for setting the mood! i prefer the color version over the black and white, although that is nice too.

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!I hate 'wow!!!'-type comments, but this is just terrific ...The vintage one for meI like the warm hue of the vintage, but not the remnants of color, I find them distracting.  The B&amp;W is wonderful as well, but it just seems to work better with the warm tint - sans color.  Nice comp.i'm loving the vintageThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Looks so cold! I'm happy I looking at this scene from the warmth of my office!snygg stadsmiljö i vinter, snön i luften är skön!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthgorgeousColored one looks better to my eyes... A bit of warm atmosphere, but almost cold, unsaturated.  Very nice.b/WColour vote here. The purples sit well with the largely mono backgroundVery very Beautiful &amp; lovelyBeautiful.....Lovely colors.
Nice DoF,details,lighting and composition.
Great capture........Well done!!!
&quot; Have a nice week ahead  quot;.

This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Post 1 Award 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot; 

Please JOIN US and post this wonderful picture !!!

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** وحـــــــــــــــــــــــشamazing focus!.. nice background!mashaallaa
wa7sh walla ..So Beautiful !!!!Beautiful and great bokeh!Just lovely! wow mashallah il focus 7ada mu 6be3i ;p Splendid and Beautiful image!!!!


This wonderful flower was seen in
FLOWER LOVERSماشاء الله
تسلم ايدك
روعه ياخوي
بالتوفيق ياربwell seen! beautiful colors &amp; DOF!لقطة ناعمة وشاعرية .. احسنت7aDhaa 7elwaaahgood colours and DOF
well doneAmazing shotamazingWonderful!!

Seen on FluidrNice shot, awesome!A beautiful shot!thanks allLovely dof!!!Nice dof. Well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Looks like you have an Explore pic! 

Congratulations! 

&quot;#197 in interestingness (on 2010-02-08)&quot;

I like it, too! 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )lovely colours, great .dof and composition.What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Oh, that is so pretty !very nive
اللهه يعطيك العافيهHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ohhhhhh I love it I love it!
Amazing composition!you brillianto girl amy charlotte.
you are so freakin' talented it's unreal!Wow this is lovely! &lt;3high fashion beauty!this is brilliant! love it!WOW. this is amazing i love all your props :)Oh wow...very cool.
The tones and vignetting are quite nice.this is fantastic! the props, and tones are so amazing! and the model is just stunning!wow! great composition..
i love this idea. :)i am dying, this is amazingthis is great! Faved.  &lt;3i hate when things like that happen. i mean its cool cause its not like you will leave without talking people into letting you stay (especially when you have a &quot;set&quot;) but yeah, its always awkward... most people just don't understand or see the vision. i love this though! awesome job! :)haha did you get all this stuff from outside that person's house, round the corner from the Triangle and just down Merricks?

They left a load of cool vintagey stuff outside like 3 days ago but it was raining so I couldn't be bothered to look through it haha.haha, your description. sounds creepy. least he let you stay though. :)thats a really funny story, and i could imagine very awkward to go through but you got an amazing image as a result!Outstanding image, nicely shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)you are a young genius amy :)))love it :-)best thing you have EVER done, absolutely love this beyond 100 times
 :)wow this is amazing, i love the tv the best. And these woods make it more betterthank you so much everyyone!

@ alex: no! i wish i had known about that though! :( i'm trying to build up a collection atm..

all the stuff pictured is mine, passed down, bought or just found in my house! the big lampshade, my mum bought for 7 quid in a charity shop :)

the suitcases were filled with my baby clothes haha. the smaller lampshades and the white net thing, dakes and i nabbed from outside the house next door to john and julia when it was abandoned. but damn i wish i had known about the collection of stuff!UNREAL Amy!!!!!Best yet hun ADORE it xxxHaha, go knock on the door they might still have it? But it's all wet now because of the rain I'm guessing. They might have just stuck it outside ready to go to the dump.

You should check out St. Mary's Collectables in Chepstow if you're facinated by antique stuff like I am; they have some really cool stuff in there and it's all real cheap. + they get new cameras in like every week. I got a Nikon EM, a Lubitel 166B, a vintage tripod and a bag for £15. They had a box Brownie in there the other day, and I've seen Super 8s, Olympus' and stuff like that there before.

The antique shop out the front is good too, but mainly for musical instruments. Oh and Red Cross, I got a denim jacket in there for £3.50 haha.

You probably already know all this but whatever haha.awesomeeeeeeeeeeee

love &lt;3beautiful! such an amazing idea :)
the story is pretty funny tooahh i love the props! this is awesome!this is really greatWow!
I love the props!amy, these are lovely!
your new uploads are really beautiful.
i just got your letter :)
it made me happy!
i will respond soon, hopefully...This is AMAZING!wow, awesome props!Such a sweet shot for Bench Monday! Nicely done...
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )adorable, hbmso cute! I love the rose  between  the toes.  HBMSweet, so sweet !!!!
HBM !!!Beautiful!this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 sweeet!sweeet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great Bench Monday shot!Really cute - love it :) !fantastico HBM!!!
--
Visto en el grupo&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)really a wonderful photo!

what a Nice Shot:) Congratulations! 
you have been invited to join
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Adorable. Hbmaaah love the flower, hbm!soooo cute....darling image!Ever sweet....... Just adorable! HBMlove the flower between the toes !!aww, cute!  hbm xawww how talented to hold the flower!  adorable HBM!So sweet!! HBM!=)love thisAdorable!  HBM!

Congrats on Explore!ха..классCute!  Lovely processing.  Seen in the group Mothers and Photographers.same bench but another winner so cute ::))Darling!!! Love those lil' baby piggies! HBM!Just lovely!!! You're so creative:)An interesting and nicely shot image... truly appreciate your sharing it


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)very sweet, HBM!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;perfectBeautiful!Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Thanks, Thanks, Thanks and Have a Nice Day too Helena:)))cute
I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DcuteExploregreat image
this Amazing Work is born from a Noble Soul !
Please add to Royal Group:

  Royal Group (Post 1 - Give 2 Crowns) muy dulce :)favWhat an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.Lovely

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Awww! Those little toes are so cute, just want to eat them up!!! Great shot with the rose very creative.Too Cute!!!! Great work!!!Awe...love this!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !fantastic action shot.Beautiful Shot - cropping could be betternice action shot..great.Great action shot...wow....dynamic capture!!!!!Lovely action....what a energetic shot.... !!!!!!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Awesome !super catch..These are the shots where their vision involves you, like the sight, the perfect complimentexcellent image seen on explore :-)Awesome !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome shot!Very Nice!!Looks like fun!!

Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Post 1, nominate 3.WOW! This shot is fantastic!!!Nice.sweet!Official.Very cool! :Dnot long enoughThat's great Leo!sign me up lolIt's great but there's one thing missing. There is no Daily Giz Wiz up there.Love the sign Leoyeah no DGW? i hope dick doesnt see that sign!A sign will never be long enough! You need a LED display. That will also make up for forgeting the DGW. You know Dick and flashing LED lights...You should have just installed a frame where you could slide in a bank of Apple iPads...Great idea DDaugherty water proofed and vary good locks}{ But the cost go's to $4000.00 + hardware and it can't see it vary far away.Love it, Leo!Great design. A touch of class.Yep, definitely makes it official.One word, Leo. Neon.I agree with Jim... Neon for piazza, add a neon lawn flamingo.  Very classic.that sign needs to scroll..lolI like the low tech sign for the high tech site.impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Cool!Missing FLOSS Weekly too.  Maybe the signs change depending on who is looking at them. :)Nice wooden shingles on the wall ... looks like a mountain cabin in the Alps.





E Linh Lùn fs cko mìng :-x hỳ ..... a yêu e vãi cứt :&quot;&gt; ...... ai muốn mình yêu tkì fs cko mình nào \:d/ 





bonus xinh hơn c` ơi
mà c` mặc kái quần gì thế =))Mimi :  ảnh gốc xinh hưn :&quot;&gt; hìhì =)~ quần ckất vãi cứt =))~ ckưa bh có cái tkứ 2 :)&gt;- thề vs v. luôn =))xhih :x
đúm cứ cười nt có f? vui k :)V. vkui ... làkz ck` vui rồi =)~Tũn ỉn : hihi thx mìg nha ;)) xig tkiệc hôg vậi :&quot;&gt;C` :  hìhì :D c` về tấc nkiêg là v. vui rùi :&quot;&gt; dậy sớm vậi :-pny* mềg vui zồi kìa :x 
hp nké ny* ợp tôi :*hí hí :X
xhih mà :x
bỏ kái avt* đi :Dnhìn chị lee yêu vãi , fs cho em với chị yêuBống :  hìhì :&quot;&gt; vâg thx n.i* :-* n.i* cũng vậi nha :&quot;&gt; 

Tũn ỉn :  vâg mìg ;)) i* mìg lég lég lun :-xảnh xik ;;)môi xưn ạk, lỡ vào nên fải km ạk :&quot;&gt;~Chi tũn :  bt` ;)) cảm ưn :-pbaby 360 :  bẹn là ai vậi 8-| biết tếh là tốt đó :D:D thx nhahê..:)
qlz. là tốt r` :x~ ..
hp* a néh..:)

p.s : sư cka t` h.bin =)) ~
lần sau mà ntếh n~ :-j ~
thỳ đừg có trách =)) ~Be :  hihi=))
hàng độc
tí v sang cho v xem quần đấy =))Mimi :  =) độc mà :&gt; k có cái tkứ 2 đơu :&gt; sag đi =) rồi cmìg đi luôn ;)cm ạkừ í :&quot;&gt;~ 
fs cko ta ik làg ơi :&quot;&gt;~Trà Bu :  vâg thx :) mà ai vậi ;;)

Bống :  ôkê ;) nkưg làng fs cko ta đi đã :D:Dừ í :*đếi cười như thế có fải đáng iêu k 
đừg buồn nữa nhé
iêu đúm dợ hơi của em :-jBun :  hỳ :D:D vui rồi mà ;)) có buồn nữa đơu :&quot;&gt; cảm ưn e nha :-PLên explore r` này;))
Làm wen nhé:)Powerful portrait!!

Seen in The Nikon D90 GroupFANTASTIC  , Love this :)The tones are so subtle.......brilliant work :) thanks

 hey TOny, much appreciated, thank you.Gorgeous!Sliczne! Perfekcyjne BW! Fave!Diamentowo !Love the eyeswow, gorgeous, totally professional work. thank you
  dzieki bardzo. Troche zbyt wybielone ale moze byc.

 thank you very much.weri najsOK, ale jakby tu coś nie teges. Jakoś mimowolnie nasuwją mi się skojarzenia z monidłem. Zwłaszcza efekt ciemniejszego                 ( przeważnie szarego ) tła przechodzącego półtonalnie w rozjaśnioną twarz w ujęciu en face. Chyba, że efekt był zamierzony!? To przepraszam, że się czepiam.Pawel to nie wyszlo tak jak chcialam ale zrobie jeszcze jenda wersje bo ta mi sie nie podoba, zbyt plastikowa.just love the shot!!!
not sure about the crop:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic composition and outstanding conversion to b&amp;w!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful!świetne zdjęcie!That's very clean !very niceThis is stunning!Wow! So beautiful!i like this conceptLovely portrait Asia :-)wow, great sharpness!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Lol. I bet this place is scarier at night. Great photo, you had an amazing sky to compliment it.Wonderful processing!Marvelous

Delicious Decay!

Thanks for posting to, ”I Love Abandonment”The sky is great in this one as well...Beautiful B&amp;W!Great work!excellent..Very dramatic! Just love that sky, and that house gives me the creeps! 
Thank you. I am so glad I could give someone the creeps !Beautiful photo. Great composition and beautiful treatment.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)A fantastic old house on the hill! ....Well done, this scene looks very dramatic and ominous in b&amp;w!fantastic athmospheric image!What a striking image! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Love the title! lol Excellent shot btw!Rot roe and zoinks.....their hideout has been discovered!  Very very nice.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Codigo para Comentarios / Award Code:

Visto en All beautiful shots and many more.

Todas las cosas son hermosas a los ojos sinceros. Visto en All beautiful shots and many more.

Todas las cosas son hermosas a los ojos sinceros. big thnx 4  :- Broken Soul ♥ NALAAAAH LOVED THE COLOR &lt;33 Raw3a ilcolors ;Pp &lt;3  Gorgeous ! 

awesome 7yatte &lt;33 
love el color


&lt;33 !
al pink 3thaaaaaaab (L)__(L) !Awesome
&lt;3 it 
amazing .... 
 Great  One hun;)A7bik ;'$A7bch waaajd Noona :&quot;♥Lovi'ch wajed :&quot;|&lt;3R O W 3 A ..*........♥#########♥
.....♥#############♥
...♥###############♥
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥
..♥##################♥...........♥#########♥
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥
.........♥################♥################♥
...........♥###############################♥
..............♥############################♥
................♥######## n!ce p!c ##########♥
..................♥####### Keep it up #######♥
....................♥###### Comment ######♥
......................♥####### me #######♥
........................♥##### plz !!. ####♥
...........................♥#### ^.^#####♥
.............................♥#### #####♥
...............................♥#######♥
.................................♥#####♥
...................................♥###♥
.....................................♥#♥
.......................................♥
......................................♥
.....................................♥
...................................♥
.................................♥
..............................♥
............................♥
.........................♥
......................♥
..................♥
.............♥
.........♥
......♥
....♥
......♥......................♥...♥
..........♥.............♥............♥
..............♥.....♥...................♥
...................♥.....................♥
................♥......♥..............♥
..............♥.............♥....♥
.............♥
...........♥
..........♥
.........♥
.........♥
..........♥
..............♥
...................♥
..........................♥
...............................♥
.................................♥
.................................♥
..............................♥
.........................♥
..................♥
...........♥
.... ♥



Love you :*مسا الحب.
لقطه رومنسيه جداً :P.
حبيتها بكل مافيها من اديت والوان وعزل !
قواج الله .n!c3 p!c ~







Rw3a     ~







CoMenT Me ~cuuuteloved the color's ♥&lt;33
Faved*

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Beautiful!Lovely

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Noona*;;- Ψāкfıίηỉ  Ʒяάfτąк   ♥! 
a7bbbbbbbChKlw Bdo nona W al nona 7eranh bddddddn Nona t77b t'3aaaaar W althany bdo y56aaar &lt; A5 hhhh :PppLOVEyooooooou♥♥♥♥♥favExploredŋ!čê ṕĭć 
ĆǾḾḿĕň Ṁệ
Nice Pic ..~
Keep it Up ..~

Comment
www.flickr.com/photos/mdawy-aljro0o7/4333632971/Fantastic *oh ya 8lbi lesh lesh thanks -_- ma swena shay ya ro7i ante tstahlen akthar mn picture and thanks to let me the first i love you 7bebti :*&lt;3woow nice flower
keep it up ^_*lovelythnx allWonderfulllllllll image!!! Fantastic colors and compositionthnQanche pemmènice low key :)tutto questo fa sospirare.è Venezia... :)classic.tutte quelle che hai fatto su venezia sono bellissime, è bello vedere le città dal punto di vista delle altre personegrasssie :)gran bello scatto, carlotta. solo mi dispiace non poterlo vedere in grande... sob, per apprezzarlo appieno.io lovvo venezia, spt con le amicheee!carissimo mi dispiace ma ho messo l'opzione per cui nessuno può vedere in grande le mie foto...dato che molte persone non sono rispettose e prendono le foto e ne fanno quello che vogliono ho preferito così e tagliare la testa al toro togliendo l'opzione per tutti.che meraviglia..Brava bimba...venice
ahhhhhhhhhhhh
: )bello davvero...grazie milllllllleeeesdong

uaubello scatto, emoziona, sa di tradizioneMagnifica davvero, sei grande come al solito...grazie di cuore :)Magnificent framing technique!e per chi non lo è?
:) fantasticagreat light, beautiful.a dir poco splendida : )magia magia....ah! venezia! ah!thank you all!

grazie a tutti!!!!Beautiful perspective here!I like this very much. One of the best venice photos I've seen.Beautiful silhouette!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]wonderful silhouette!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Hai ragione. Pura magia.
Gran bello scatto, Carlotta.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Belissima!
I saw this shot in
 VENEZIA-VENICE Marvelous - how the black opens to the blue and all its details is outstanding!

Art of the Light ☆☆☆☆☆
www.flickr.com/groups/Art_of_the_light/Reminds me of a night time trip I took in a gondola around venice in 1994 magic !una luce e un'atmosfera incantevoli!!!bella forte :)Up Up and away! This shit is bang'n!Looking good! Was good to catch up the other day!a real Rime feel to it. thats not a bad thing 
looks tight 
colors work great big up!Great stylewicked!painted swiftly too.
amazed!!!Yerr that's kool, like the e.Dopeperfect style flow for flares!

s.that's fresh  mad flow in thereGenialiiiiika!!!yeeahwordnice mangood heavensAlways on point...let me know when your hittin up the archery, peaceLovely &amp; loose.... Man I love the pit!saltan of swingDoes look a lil Rime-ish!..dont get me wrong, its a good one!so colourful!!!! dope!Flows!
Look forward to a more indpeth graffito conversation with you next time!jolie wild style mr.&gt;!

skiz!Nice! really liking thatSuper Stylish as always! ^ _ *
See you soon man!W.woooshreal nicethats a burner!better know posse hold tight..

Aroe.Fresh one brodopeSuper cool this fella!koool swings in this 1Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1699271...Your capture is brilliant! Not surprising that it made to Front Page!

Here is the FP screenshot clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22715.
And, all your other FP photos can be grabbed here.Amazing colour! Well done on Front Page Explore!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)perfect shot; excelent work!

take a look at it: www.flickr.com/photos/87085876@N00/4342350741/in/set-7215...Good work Bro.

StormPauraa!!!Great job Jizzo.

Keep these ones comin..


Pipsdamn, your lettering is always on fuckin' point not to mention the colours.Yeah...this is one is flowing. One of my fav of yours so far. Nice one bro' !
Love the connection in th O-E area.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Jiroe, very nice

savesNice one dude!Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Phatt!genial...Sick!masterpiece!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Grafitti Outside Amsterdam 2010, and we'd love to have this added to the group!yeaaah
lov his style!so gooodLove this in B+W and wonderfully composed tooYes Ken Black &amp; White certainly works in this image it helps portray the mood of the day.  Unusually the central position of the focal point works extremely well and shows it is good to break the rules now and then that is if the bollard is the focal point.  If it is the building then it is definitely following the rules.  I really do like this image, well done.Thanks Phil.I knew it as Porthgain from the thumbnail!  Lovely walk from there tp Abereidi, or is it the other way around?  One way or another, The Sloop is a welcome sight!Ther is some serious depth of field going on here. This a future history shot, how it was now or then later. A very nice conversion too, I like this type of shot.Fantasic pictures thanks for sharing.Good composition, Ken.  Excellent strength of foreground interest, and balance.  Good black and white conversion, which I feel suits this image as it has a timeless quality to it.  Well done.  Ian.Really nice composition Ken. And I agree, the b&amp;w works well with this one.Another wonderful view of Porthgain - superb perspective and detail. B&amp;W is the perfect choice.Nice contrasts Ken and love the composition.Great B+W. Great composition.A brilliant and gorgeous black and white. Excellent work!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)The composition, depth of field and conversion are great :-)Super!!As above Ken a lovely image

Fran 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Ken.Very good capture! I really like the composition. Good depth of field. 

Seen in Explore.A praia em causa não é fácil, seja pela localização, seja pelas dificuldades em elaborar composições capazes. No entanto penso que deste bem a volta ao assunto e para além de teres conseguido um bom primeiro plano, a luz e tonalidades estão excelentes!!AbraçoBeautiful seascape. The warm light is wonderful.Beautiful work!Really nice, great detail, with a vision very nice, perfect, congratulations.Brilliant vision. I like the sharpness and the neat framing. The colours of the rocks is great. And the wave that is in the air ... awesome.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wau.. cool ligth, excellent!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Tem umas cores quentes fantasticas... E o efeito na agua foi espectacularmente bem conseguido! =)Beautiful! I love the big rock in the foreground it draws you right in. Excellent work in keeping things simple in the chaos of a rocky shoreline.&quot;Cum catano&quot;.

Um registo de suster a respiração.

Adoro as cores.Beautiful texture and wonderful drama. Well done!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)StunningMuy buena marina llena de fuerza con ese mar bravo.
La luz sobre las rocas es preciosa.

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Images with Filters, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Sand/Sea/Sky/Sun : The Four Fantastic ( Post 1 / Comment 1 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very nice seascape , luv the rocks leadI like this one a lot Luis. the strong colour contrast in red and blue and above all the fine composition is really what i like to see here. That splash is an extra bonus, but it's the way how you build this up what i like most...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Stunning light and you certainly succeeded in simplyfying and isolating this complicated scene...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Muito boa esta luz quente my friend!! Complementa na perfeição os tons da arriba

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!dá para destacar bem esta pedra maior a jogar com o rochedo lá atrás. Gosto daquele splash lá atrás a copiar a forma do rochedo. É o meu detalhe preferido.sensational shot luis-those rocks are perfect for seascapes!You`ve waited for the right moment,salted water to cover the rocks...brilliant idea.It`s a busy scene as you said,but still not so busy,perhaps wild...as the title.My favourite part is from the middle to the bottom of the shot.It`s a very good one.Excellently captured. I like the swirl of water in the foreground and the spray further back. The monotone of browns against the blue of the sky and sea works very well and neutralizes the busy-ness of the scene. Well done.Beautiful rocks and great light!Wow...
What a location! You've done a really good job composing this shot. It do not feel messy, as it could have done with so much detail in the foreground. Great work!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthExcellent lightning... Great job! The color is wonderful!I've just been all through your entire stream. High-quaility work. Keep it up sir. I look forward to more of it.Great work....a very effective perspective....es fantAstica¡Simply stunning, Luis!As cores e esse primeiro plano ficaram um luxo!

Um abraço.Wonderful shot!  Very nice work.i like the closest rock very much... nice coloursSuperb light and composition, great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 2010.anything of good taste, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Another great shot, I really like the big boulder in the foreground. Where is this?wow! this is so so adorable! lovely tones!
and i love becky and jacob!:O! this is so amazing. 
holy crap.
the colors are gorgeous, and i love how it's not just  a picture, it tells a story. :)my word you are so goodThis is amazzinnggg :)i love this so much, you got the background perfect :)This reminds me of 500 days of summer.
:)oooh, becky and jacob! one of the cutest couples ever :)This is seriously beautiful beyond words.this is fantastic!! i LOVE it!! :)i love this, reminds me of 500 days of summerthis is making me smile.
i'm smiling as i'm typing thisso classy.

i really love this.
they are great and you are great!you are too gooooooodBrilliant set up and i LOVE the tones!Simon Filip, you are magical.i left you a testimonial. :)very beautiful!!
I love this &lt;3Simon, this is perfect in every way. You have an eye for blending everything so well, the background, the people, the setting, the whole idea basically, and the final result is fantastic. I agree with Rona. You are magical. And I admire you a lot.stunning work ishe's absolutly gorgeousthis is brilliant everything about it. the tones the details. beautiful.the colours and hazy-ness are just wonderfuli love this! just wonderful!great concept

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)this is too great &lt;3Perfect composition, right colors, they perfectly match with the nature!
Great!Absolutely flawless.*scrambles*
i love itThis is so creative - i love it :) !!!!!!!!This scene is so cute! 
Great colors, great clothing, and great people!
I just love it.Your photograph is unbelievable! I'm amazed!I love how there are so many small details in this.this is lovely! nice tones :)wow this is good. and that typewriter is great, too.simon filip you are so good.Honey it's amazing! :')this is so perfect.
the picnic basket, the typewriter, the teacup &lt;3I love this. So perfect.Beautiful as always. I just want to leap into these photos. xoh my gosh, EVERYTHING about this.
you are so amazing.so amazing &lt;3beautiful set up :)this reminds me of 500 days of summer, love love love. it's absolutely lovely.perfect.Instant Fav!!! sooo beautiful:) 
The colors are just perfect!!!oh my god, this is just amazing! i love the whole set upyou are brilliantthis is wonderful.i love the setup. :)oh my god, you are so wonderful
this is beautiful.this is really gorgeous!Wow, this is completely wonderful!Fantastic concept! The tones are really great!Amazing shot` love the concept of it all...well doneWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dreally nice composition... well done on tonesBeautiful captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Amore che vieni, amore che vai, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the Honey Trees :) their cover of Edelweiss is amazing.oh wow. this is fantastic.cool!oh my gosh. the vintage-ness of it!Oh this so sweet. Quirky little couple : )Gorgeous shot :)amazing shot!
i love it!Greataaw, jacob and becky! such cuties.
this picture is fantastic!KILL ME
you are INCREDIBLEi love it
add to fav ^^Absolutely amazing.this is gorgeous.  yaaay amazing &lt;3allah&lt;3gd luck :pallah &lt;3جدأ جميلة

. . . ♥yaaay amazing &lt;3loved the title ;')cutiiperfect photoThanxxxxfav 
Lovely &lt;3waaaaaay 7baaait elblusher design (U)
is it bronz? or more goldy ?
I must go tomorrow to buy this !!!!!RAw3a ~favحلوه مثلك 
&lt;3chanel is d best&lt;3&lt;3like &lt;3what colors !! 

fabulouslove it &lt;3فضيعهel edit 3ajeeebعاشت ام النيو لوك :PP
الصوره اتينن عجيبه كوول حدها
اكيد فيف :)Etjnn&lt;3ee wallah MOOT JNAN 3THAAB
(Y) .. 7dha WOWomg loveeeeeeed it .. 
great job Fruity ..
&amp;&amp; Exploreeeeed (Y)you go girl ;) liked the focus thingHi, I'm an admin for a group called Makeup World!! (Join Monthly Contest), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing Shot
Keep GoingTjnn &lt;3RO3A ..~ ♥ i like it=)حلو
Yjnn &lt;3Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called عطور وبخور واكسسوارات ،، اخت مبارك, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ExploreAww :&quot;P Mbroook Explore &lt;3 :'P jmeeela jmeeeela elshot &lt;3333 Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaid bb3d (A) :&quot;P w ahm shi el.New look ;) Aa7la :&quot;P Suuure Fav :* TC x$perfect ♥7baait el shyy&lt;3:*:*Faved!faved  

perfect **

  |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So &quot;chic&quot; !!!!!!!!!!!!  So cool !!!!!!!!!!!AlLighting With Mood of pic is Ameziin !Very good capture! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.wonderful~jmeela mashalla !!

&lt;3 itالصـوره رآأيـقه
حبيـتهآأ =) ~That's a great hole :-))

Great focuspoint too...Awesome DOF, as usual...Excellent narrow edge of sharpness!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )So perfect. Nice take on the theme. killer shallow DOFCool shot!Fabulois DOF!Happy MM!Great idea, lovely DoF!nice macro monday dude.. awesome bokeh here nad i love hte light and contrast. cool work!Lovely light.Nice imageYou know I love bottle photos!  Gorgeous sweetie!really excellentCool shot... cool titlenice one, great shot!               Thanks for helping get this Explored, everyone!Beautifully titled and captured, Rich. Excellent macro!This kinda brings a tear to my eye.  

Wonderfully shot.  

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Has to be a sweet message, in a syrup bottle ;)

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)  Thank you both!
 And that's exactly what it is!  Good eye.Very nice. Sweet bokeh.Congrats on Explore =)Lovely dof!Congrats on Explored!amazing bokeh and perfect title!Gosh, I hope no one did a macro of a human hole! ;-bsweet Macro with a SWEET lens
I have lens envynice!!!!!!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY e x c e l l e n t .

great workExcellent photo - well captured.NO not a flamingo but a painted stork

Lovely action dynamics here.
I have one of this on my photostream [http://www.flickr.com/photos/ezee123/94829064/]


--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Nicely panned Painted Stork shot.Great shot!Great pan! Mine never work out so well..Great captureCongratulations! Your pan is excellent!Really nice!! what a moment!!very nice imagewow, awesome!Fantastic shot! Well donea w e s o m ewell done ... he is amazingamazing catch!Excellent CaptureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Art-Digital *Invite Only* P- 1 C-3 , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Puro dinamismo. Buen trabajo, mi enhorabuenabeeeeatuful panning control!! real good!!!Good work, this panning!well done~ stunning flight

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)real smooth and nice well done any specific reason for shooting this at f22a panning  fantastic ...clever....ciaoNice movement shot !FANTASTIC shotBeautiful..We have seen your excellent work in:

ART- DIGITAL *Invite Only* 
Remember: post 1 comment 3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called NATURALEZA EN MAGINA  (Ver la Exposición....), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

We have seen your excellent work in:
ART- DIGITAL
well done! love the backgroundFantastic shot!Congratulations on Explore (a photographic family!)amazing panning shot!first attempt at a pan shot!!  incredible - I heard these pan shots are really tricky.Fantastic capture! 


--

He visto esta bonita captura en
This wonderful picture has been seen in
&quot;Naturaleza en Mágina&quot;


Post 1 – Award 2
Sube 1 – Premia 2
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Gracias por agregar tu foto al grupo

--
Seen in the group&quot;NATURALEZA EN MAGINA  (Ver la Exposición....)&quot; ( ?² )Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Very effective, there is fantastic movement in this shot.great shotFantastic capture!Excellent work on this one!  Great color and action, and a nice pan too!  Well done!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great shot! love the sense of movement!Wonderful capture!! Congrats!wow, very niceThis is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.The happy family..... Mommy and Daddy!




congratulations to you all :)adorable! Congratulations to you all!Oh yes, I could not wait to see these  precious images.  Congratulations to you and your family.  What a blessing and joy for you all.ah, he is adorable! congrats on becoming a grandma..I hear it is a wonderful experience but  am not ready yet...now you ahve your own baby to take portraits of...i can just imagine him having the most beautiful bay book ever!Beautiful!  Congratulations! Such a beautiful family and perfect little one...He is soooo beautiful!  Congratulations!He is beautiful.  Congrats to you and your family.he is so beautiful. i saw him on your daughter photostream
you have taken beautiful pictures of them
congrats to you and your familySo cute!  Love the hat!He's beautiful, congratulations to you and your family!sending you and your family cyber love ♥
I'm so happy for you xxxso sweet - great shot !!!Awww congratulations! :))
The shot is sooo sweet and so edible! Lovely portrait!
&lt;3congrats on the the new family member! this is a cute capture. love the tones too!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Congrats - excellent precious images :) !Oh CONGRATS!!!!  He's beautiful!!!  Great pics too!!!Congrats to you grandma......... cant say I would be around much either if I had a little one like this to look at and play with and take pictures of.. lol.
What a beautiful baby.......... beautifully captured by you ;)awwww....congrats!! such a sweetie!! i love his hat!! :)crazy cute!  congratulations!!!!!Oh, congratulations! What amazing keepsake images! Just wonderful!He's gorgeous, Sylvia! Congrats!!!!Extraordinary. Congratulations.good granny gracious sylvia he is so beautiful.. congrats from the bottom of my heart... soooo sweet!!Awww, he's so beautiful, sweet and precious....Love the other two with the beautiful family. Thanks for sharing and huge congrats to you and family Sylvia! xoxAh, big congratulations on your beautiful grandson Sylvia! precious..precious moments!  enjoy :)congratulations to you and your family !!!!!!!!!!!!
This is where all your photography skills will prove invaluable (and I see that they really have already!!)
:~)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Soooo sweet!!aww... so sweet!sweet sweet baby! he's lucky to have a fabulous photographer for a grandmother:)What a cute baby ! Congrats to you and your family ! :)cute !!Congradulation Sylvia! He is just perfect :-)
Will wait for more beautiful photos of him!Congratulations! He is so beautiful! 
Wonderful, wonderful photographs.Congratulations..........such a beautiful baby,
lovely photographs........Enjoy!Beautiful child. Well done on explore and the new family member, really cute :) 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.:) So adorable!! Been following you on FB, don't seem to have time for everything these day! But congratulations again! Yes, our daffs are poking up all over, not opened yet but we have a lot just about to, plus crocus, snowdrops and even a rhodie with open blooms! Have a great week! – g ♥Totally adorableCongrats!!! Oh my, he is adorable =) I can imagine you want to spend every second with him ;D ;DOM...he is adorable, Sylvia ^_^
congratulations to you and your family
sending hugs your wayFantastic, and such an angel. Congratulations.oh what a doll he is!! I love his hat too!oh my god amazingoh myyyy 
this is stunningwowwowwowwow i love thiswow this is so goodso fantastic.ohh myyyy jesus wowwwgooosh. fantastic movement and amazing light, great capture!ohhhmygoddddd this is just perfect.this is absoltuely freaking fantastic!wow, awesome light &amp; movementwow wow, spider hair :]
this is beautifuli love how her face is still calm, 
even through all the movement.I don't know, is the black and white better for this?

the look of determination on your face,
like you will weather this storm.and i actually like the color better,
which rarely happens.I really love the composition and my goodness the motionWoah.this is powerful!I love this this is so so much. the motion is so good!this is beautiful! and i LOVE the expression &amp; motion you captured here. equally stunning.that light.
and the motion of your hair... love it.I want to say that I'm a fan of the left side, but not the right.  Just a little off balance.  But seriously, besides that, I love.your a model and a photographer.ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
:D
amazing!so gooodaaaaaaaaahhhh this iss amazing!!!!!!!awesomee!so amazing.This is awesome!love the hair! i say black and white.hell yeah! This is great!gorgeous!!ahh how does your hair do that? it's amazing, you are amazing :)expression and timing is simply amazing...great workoh my god this is beautiful !
so emotive you are incredible really

and i cannot see the black and whitecool pic!wonderfullll hair flipmedusa!awesome... wow. and the look on your face is incredible as well.i love this. the movement is wonderful.this is so surreal, especially with your facial expression.b-e-a-utiful
&lt;3Wow, this is fabulous!that title is perfect. the movement, its lovely :)Wow, the movement is insane, love the light too!Oh Keely! This is so unremarkably beautiful. Your expression, your hair, everything is perfect.ahh goodness this is incrediblewoooow. this is so good, and i really love the title.Love this!

My hair would be so much more useful if it had that texture to it.hooooolyyy cowgreeeat hair movement! love!FUCK. sorry, but i had to.
this is incredibly stunning.holyyyy efffff

im spechlessI wish i could do shots like this.. its stunning!AH! Love that shot and the staring look!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fabulous!Woowww. Your hair is amazing! It looks like its just floating there!!!wow! it´s really amazing! it´s like the hair has life its own.This is fabulousnessCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3387812...Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.superb....stunning shotWow great job !!amazing hair flip!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.the hair looks awesomeso much life &amp; freedom in this captureStanding in an updraft or head banging?Nice one !!!this is so beautiful. I love your face...so beautifultruly captivating shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;this is so captivating.
beautiful keely!holy cow. AMAZING!cool... very cool.. ;-)omg her hair :OWonderful shot!!! Congrats!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Amazing picture!yes MISS! I love thisAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.amazing motionLife flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationswow...... impressionalVery good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.OMG!!

best hairflip i've ever seen!!
your expression is amazing and your hair is just amazing!
the light nd tones are fantastic!
wish my hair would work with me that well!
great focus too! =]Fantastic, really good!Absolutely amazing, love your hair flip.Your hair just seems to have a life of its own :D
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Keely.Stunning picture! Congrats on explore!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very Beautifuloh my gosh this is PERFECTGreat déja-vu of Jeanne Chevalier : www.jeannechevalier.com/frlivresdfota.htmlNice nice nice! really good photo, I love the tones and your hair looks great. Everything fits in great :) 
well done on explore x

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.this is absolutely stunningBeautiful picture as always.. Kinda reminds me of this.

And yes, i'm a super fan :)wow!Awesomeamazinginterestingbefore



in between



after

this is awesome :) i love your room too :) xamazing! wishing my room was that clean :)Wow, this cool! Love it!ahh your room is awesome. i wish my room looked like this. and ended up so organized and clean:Dgreaaat!
love it..you did a good jobwooooah that must have taken you ages, i do that every so often and i do feel soo much better afterwards :)yayayayayy! you made it!!! your room looks so clean now :P hehe
the stopmotion is awesome!!! :Dthis screams awesomeness! :Daww i like it better than the other one!haha, really good video :)i love this so much :Di love the stop motions you make,
i think cleaning your room is always tiring (at least, i am sure, cleaning my room was tiring)
I like how you made a very interesting stop motion with a song out of it all
I really like the color theme of your room!
:)this is awesome! i love how you took something so simple and ordinary and turned it into something way coolthis is amazing! :) i watched it like three times hahanice job! and your room is awesome!:DGenius... I love the photos that appear on desk wall at the end... :) 
I can't imagine how annoying it must have been to get out of the way before every shot!wow that's a fun way to enjoy cleaning your room. i love the orange by the way.Ich liebe diese 'stopmotions' :DAbsolutely looooove the clothes and photos part :Dthis is such a good idea! I wish my bedroom was that tidy :)hahahaaaaa
love this rona. 
i especially like how your computer chair moves alot ;)love this rona!

it's so cute &lt;3thank you guys! :DAh watching this makes me tired. :P
It looks good now, I love your room!
And I have the same blanket in blue. Ikea? :)I _think I like the after ;Dwow rona, it's amazing...
and, do you have a fisheye? or how'd you make this?really cool video! I especially liked the part with the clothes, I wish I was that organized!I'm in love with your room *-*Fun video! That looked like a whole lot of work, cleaning up I mean.hhaha my room needs a clean too. i love it when the cat pops inI so love your stop motion &lt;3

I have a question though: how or what or I don't know, but your camera, where is it and how do you put it this high? It's so cool that you can move it so much :)!!!!! this is reallllly cool. &lt;3
love your room. :)I love this so much. (:
Your room is so vibrant and cheery!You gave me a reason to clean up my apartment like that, which I haven't done properly over a year, I mean properly but still, it made me drool to see how nice the envoirment got after everything was so graceful with eachother, really sincerely thank you!ahaha this is great!
love the before and after
and when your cat goes in and out :]amazing stop motions and beautiful music choice. love it &lt;3hahaha I loved this. It was sooo no in 79 secs :D

I do the same thing twice a year maybe. 
It's so funny, my mom always says (in the middle of it all) : &quot;It's worst than when you started!&quot;&quot; lol
They don't undestand ;)
Great video chica :)how cool was that?  *sigh* i wish it were really that easy.  :-) 

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)WICKED.
I love love love thisGreat animation!!!!incredible!I guess that's taked you so long! Cool.

Seen on FluidrCreative~ I'd give it 5 stars..one of the best I've seen on flickr...great song choice too..and great angels chosenamazing!!ah your room is so cool!!  i love the woodsy-ness. hahah
and you just inspired me to clean my room!  cuz mine looks just as bad as your before, hahah.excellent job!!
Congratulation!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)thanks :)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/coloredcloud/]
yes :D

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sofiejansson/]
yep, I took them with a fisheye.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/trishia-hysteria/]
it's just on my tripod and you can see almost the whole room because I used a fisheye.this is beast
i can't even begin to fathom itthis made me want to clean my room! :)your room is awesome! congrats on cleaning it haha, I need to do that...god ! that was amazingawesome! both the room being clean &amp; the making of the video of photos!! :)   very nice!!!!    that reminds me... i need to do that.... =xI need to do this so much - both the stop-motion and the cleaning!!
this is so great - I love the way the camera moves around and all the different pages you can see changing on your computer screen at the beginning :)your room looks amazing once its cleaned!Sooooooooooooooooooooo unbelievably cool!Un controluce realizzato in modo impeccabile.Bel portrait! Bravo!Wow!! wicked relfection, nice model, good lighting! hmmmm nice!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)That is really great, spot onChe bel controluce... grande!Uno scatto che emoziona e coinvolge!
Ho visto questa foto su 

LampistaBella la luce, bella la composizione, bella l'inquadratura. Complimenti!great photo, sunset is awesome!Awesome sunset you present for us, fantastic hues and colors!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Mucho bellawonderful modelBellaVery Beautiful portraitQuesta foto è proprio bella bella...
mi piace tanto

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Really cute photo. I love the sun :-) well done on explore x

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Such a wonderful setting. Perfect lighting and great sunset catch. She is a beautiful model and fits perfectly into this scene.Delightful - the ripples in the pool almost seem to emanate from the sun.  The balanced dual focal points of the sun and her head are well done.Enjoy your mondayGreat exposure and tones my friend!! :)wat een mooie!!
gave titel ook!!
fijne week!Hij is mooi Jurjen! En geen verontschuldigingen, dat is helemaal niet nodig! -) 
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Fantastic shot...Wauw, Vette zwart wit plaatJur, ik zou de molen liever links plaatsen. Exposure is wel super!

GRTZ,BENBeautiful shot !Thanks guysEens met Ben Jurr, ik laat ook liever de ruimte aan de kant van de wieken. Prachtige lucht !!Jur, ik bedoel ruimte voor de wieken. Das qua compositie beter. 

GRTZ,BENvery cool.......nice feel to thisMooie beweging!Thanks again guysHeel fraai. Bijzondere lucht, zal waarschijnlijk door de lange belichtingstijd komen. Goed gedaan.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)hey we hebben alle begrip voor je afwezigheid, studie gaat voor !!!  en we wachten wel, hoor, zulek mooie traktaie's als deze foto is het wachten meer dan waard, wat een mooie tonen weer en zo zacht! Toppie!Fraaie opname en compositie Jurjen!
Succes met je studie en maak je niet druk.
Hele fijne week :-)Mooie plaat !!what a fine portrait of a dutch mill, my dear
love this looooooooooooooooooooooooooong wind here

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Thanks again  guys!The colors and composition are just wonderful.  Very lovely.This is an awesome shot my friend.beautiful view and color !!!Sorry to bother you with my invite.thanks folksfantastische plaat !!!  mooie sfeer !!!   

en een hele goeie week gewenst : ) : )it gives a gorgeous pinkish color... well doneSchitterende kleur Jurr!haha, bastard you

a dream in pink
not bad, Jur
hihi

thanks for the tip

bedankt
und schönen abend

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )ik zou de molen links plaatsen/vette zwart wit plaat/ruimte bij wieken/dutch mill
wat zien zij wat ik niet zie?
mooie kleuren jurr :)wow!! gorgeous!!Thanks again folksMooie kleurtonen en diepte Jurjen.Amazing colours, great work!mooi dat paarsGorgeous colors, lovely perspective!Wat een schitterende kleuren.......mooi ook, die soort van pollen op de voorgrond !lovely rosy tonesWat een kleuren...Zou best een mooie poster zijn...Mooie compo en kleuren Jur.heel erg fraaie sfeervolle plaat JurrHij is weer mooi! Prachtige kleuren Jurr.Whooaa, te gek!! Toffe kleuren ook!Mooie titel ! Prachtige foto !I love the colors!Wat een gave plaat man!
Die kleuren zijn super.
Hele dikke fave!Ja Jurr..................helemaal van slag............heeft dat iets met de wieken te maken......of is het je winterdip....;-0

Heb deze al eens eerder gezien..................soortgelijk

Mooi mien jong,

JanMooie paarse gloed Jur! 
Maar er is meer dan alleen long exposure toch.....?totally awesome colors !lolvleitBeautiful colors, &amp; these little trees!
Lovely capture.super!amazing colorsthanks again guyswauuwwww schitterende foto jurr! super met die kleuren!een molen ?????  zwart/wit??????
ik zie alleen maar een mooie foto in geweldige kleuren !!!!!
ben ik nou gek ?????????Zo! netjes gedaan! De lucht en de kleuren zien er zeer goed uit. Mijn complimentenSO so beautiful GreatPrachtige kleuren Jur!


GRTZ.BEN
Leuke avond ;-)Superb, superb shot... love it...


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SUN , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Mooie kleuren, Jurr. Zeer goed gedaan als altijd!ik denk dat er een paar een tik van de molen hebben gekregen?
WAD een prachtige zee!Hey .. waar is de molen ??
Feli on Explore !!Lovely colors and mood.
Fantastic !!Errug mooie plaat Jurr!!!Thanks again folks!Beautiful shot
i love itwauw! mooi licht hoor.Prachtplaat !!Explore Jurr....................maar goed dat je die molen.........he welke molen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Congrats dude

JanFabulous colours! Congrats!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Such beautiful colors! And what a fantastic location. Great capture, I love it!great ..shot ....!!



Thanks again guysstunning...!So Beautifulphenomenoncool work :Opretty shot XDHi.. this is an excellent catch.. hope the storm was not to bad..Qué bonita la fotoWonderful ! 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)wow ! the rain is coming ! great caoture nic !cool and gloomy nic, great edition dear!lovely monochrome imagewonderful atmosphere
love the styleGorgeous - wonderful post on this.yes yes..nice windows.great.superb POV ...wow! Just love your storming processing Niko!
Don't worry... we all understand that there are times when we are busier than usual :)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)



Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY stormy clouds!! really dramatic~Beautiful, beautiful capture.Quite different from your usual style! This is really good - very futuristic! 

Seen on FluidrBeautiful capture, Nic. Hope you are doing well. Take care.Wow!  I like this one a lot, very nice!beautiful blue, great choice of selection有&quot;山雨欲來 風滿樓&quot; 的感覺. very dramatic.nice atmosphere

Wonderful Nic, sorry I've not commented much of late, I've been so busy, but I can assure you I've been following all your wonderful workWell done !thanks for the tip Nic :))beautiful sky
love the blue curtain!! :Pawesome blue sky and nice framing nic!Tremendous shot! The sky looks so threating, I love how it contrasts with those beautiful blue windows!! Great processing!Wow! I love watching a storm blow in! 
The blue in the windows is a great touch...great atmosphere! love the drama!Fascinating treatment!  It really captures the weather moving in!Really great compo &amp; tones !
Bravo Nicole !incredibile! goodReally nice, great detail, with a vision very nice, perfect, congratulations.Superb Capture ..Man the drama of this shot. The dark storm clouds, the rich blues of the window. They're all perfect. You have outdone yourself with this one dear. Its just super, duper amazing! And I am not exaggerating. Love it. and faved it.I love this shot! Great mood. 

Seen on FluidrBeautiful blue :)wow! what a house; what a storm...Beautiful Shot! 

“Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.”  ~Scott AdamsThis is terrific. I love itlove it, great...:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow, simple and powerful! This is an easy fav for me =)wow dramatic sky there. fantastic capture Nic :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Black, White, Neutral + 1 Color, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful compositionthe blue hue on the window adds a dramatic touch here, great job~
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wow, just amazing!!love the cloud!Remarkably 'Magnificent'! Nicole. Brilliant Composition! 'Exceptional'!oh I wish you are safe :)) love the light here nictay :))))Love that blue glow.very nice tones ~well seen Niki ~Very beautiful! Perfect shot!Excellent shot! Love the tone and colors :)wow! Fantastic work!superbe !!Fantastic atmosphere as your usual! Love it!Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :--)))Great capture,fantastic sky!Very very nice composition.  Man's construction vs nature's construction.  Beautiful and very well brought.

denisThe clarity &amp; sharpness in this one is unbelievable...

Love the &quot;surreal&quot; approach, so nice ~

Have a great week ~well done, Niki.. this is super!!!!!!

beautiful composition and moodGorgeous - it's amazing how quickly the light can change.  You've captured it perfectly.Awesome shot!!
Please add this cool image to :

&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The World we Live in *INVITED IMAGES ONLY* P1/Comment2 - Sweeper, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent colours on this niki the sky is amazingyou have such an amazing stream!! really enjoyed looking through it!!Epic 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful image! 
Seen in:
The World we Live in! *Invite Only*
Thank you for posting!

Remember: post 1 award 2
Please tag: &quot;The World we Live in!&quot;

If your image received 4 or more awards ~ Please post it here in our thread.
www.flickr.com/groups/1111130@N23/discuss/72157623207717555/Love  the compo and edition... this one have something new and I love it! :Dheres another fave! just love the cinematic feel!! :D

excellent! :D wow!! love it! :DWonderful image! 
Seen in:
The World we Live in! *Invite Only*
Thank you for posting!

Remember: post 1 award 2
Please tag: &quot;The World we Live in!&quot;

If your image received 4 or more awards ~ Please post it here in our thread.
www.flickr.com/groups/1111130@N23/discuss/72157623207717555/excellent.
Wonderful image! 
Seen in:
The World we Live in! *Invite Only*
Thank you for posting!

Remember: post 1 award 2
Please tag: &quot;The World we Live in!&quot;

If your image received 4 or more awards ~ Please post it here in our thread.
www.flickr.com/groups/1111130@N23/discuss/72157623207717555/Wonderful image! 
Seen in:
The World we Live in! *Invite Only*
Thank you for posting!

Remember: post 1 award 2
Please tag: &quot;The World we Live in!&quot;

If your image received 4 or more awards ~ Please post it here in our thread.
www.flickr.com/groups/1111130@N23/discuss/72157623207717555/This is really good! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Félicitations ! Très belle photo, vous êtes invitée sur
Congratulations ! Beautiful picture, you are invited on
~~Regards de Femmes~~ 

Post 1, Award 3I love the blue colours here

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I like. Great capture!:******
2nd 
 funyo &amp; 3noosh ;p
allla abiii :p 
( k )

i will gve you sam ;p yummyيمي يمي
والله الصوره اتعور البطن

Love it ps akeeed love u moore (L)(L)
Miss u mn (L)yummmy yummy 

3waffi ;).!! That's really yummy .!!! lol
nice shot :) loved it :)
βзɇƌ.ṮɑʀҞᶇi   ; thxxx fdiiiitch walla walla ana 2li  LOVE U aktha waktha (KKKK) &amp; i will miss u 2 ya 7lwwwa :')

mashallah great takenlovely shoot
THXX &lt;3 Jmeeela , il.Pic Like u !&lt;'33 
 iLOVEu  ;'$ Hi, I'm an admin for a group called {W}.93be 7sasi., and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nicee &lt;3Yummme :*It;s look so ymmy x.XNiiiiiiice Walla 
Keep It Up =)
Comment Me plzz + Note

Nice `
thxx allyuuuuuumy @@
(L)bl 3aafya..=$

FAV..bll 3afyaa ;;*

al9ora Abdaa3 Walla ^^ ,

Anshala Doom &lt;33 ~ 

Comment me ^^ ,, 

dMR1NG~ ^.^
amazing ....amazing

Fdaaatch saroo
i will be back

عذبتييييييني !!!:@
تعرفين شنو خاطري فيه :P!
العزل في قمه الجمال :P.
قواج الله.waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayy toooooooooooooooolllllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Fdatch sarooooooooooooooo
a7bch mooooooooooooooottttttttttttt
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyy
sha8ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllll
bsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss o rabii a7bcchhhhhhh ya :********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
:******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
amooot feach 
a3sh8ch 
ahwach 
a7bch 
o kl shaaay       

yummmmi ..
3wafi en sha allah =)
Lovely foucs            Raw3a

FAVWOOOOOOOOOOOOOW NICE 
RO3A 
LOVE IT &lt;3yuuummmmmy 

R A W 3 A teslam elayadyNiCe PiC

&lt;3Nice !!  Amazzzzzzzzing 7yatii Saroo (L)____________(L)
&lt;33 you ya 8lbiii 
Miss you =&quot;(
╬═♥╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬ 『Mashallah! 』
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬ 『Amazing! 』
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬ 『Keep it up! 』
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬ 『 hope to see ur comments』
╬═♥╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬ 

شوقي لهم .. يخصهم وحدهم 
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mr-z8erty/4340668542/]

╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬ 
MISSu ♥ `Oww ! yumyyy
Love it
Well done yal-Fnana :DFantastic *Yumme Abbi :*
yaamy ;d
bal3afyh w o o w 

yammy *;)- so yummmy ;p *_ Yummy ♥ Yummy &lt;&quot;&quot;3n!cE3&gt;'3raaamiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Abiiiiiiii &gt;&lt;
ᗩMᗩZING ♥♥ 
Faved .,
 

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 it Fdait Afkarii walla  (H) 

W Fdait UR Shot sis , 

Luv the colors Mrrra  (L) 

,Yamyyyyy :*A777What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Yammmy (L) ROMEO  
  hhhh 222 wallla fdit afkarch il jmella ;p
ya jmeel ;) FUNYO

ya habla hi mb toooola ;p shfeech moza ..
walla i will miss u so much :')
LOVe YA DOBa &lt;3 (k) ARTISTA HAYA 

fdiiitCh haya 2ntii 2li amazing walla ;)
miss u 2 walla LOVe u ;** Ltheeeeth ;'O &lt;3يم يم يميييي
رهيييبه اللقطه
تسلم الايادي
THX alla salmCh &lt;3 :)Congratulations 7bebti 3la elFront Page:D ! 
o Missin' Youh !
THX mahwi aljmeel ;*
miss 2 wallla :&quot;)waaaaaaaaw looks soo yum @@ ~ FAV ya 3slLoved the idea
thxx alla 5ali romeo om al fkaar ;pmashallah sticky LOL
Love the focus
faboulse shot

=)
MarCI ;)Yummy ♥ 
Nice ideaYumy One:*Bl3afyah &lt;3congrats ! Ymmmmy ;*
tstahl ExploreGood Idea ;) 
Fav&lt;3333333Wow ;Oyum yum &lt;3 

So nice elpic ! 

Faved 4 sure 

Nice pic
Keep it up

Comment me+note plz

yummy ♥____♥Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice ^^

Comment me pliz 

Yaaaaaiii 3jeeeb ;pP  ! ~


i love the calm of the sea..so goodthanks dale,
how have things been?  
what have you been shooting on?hi scott, things are good thanks. my lomo lc-a is a bit worse for wear at the moment so i was stuck with a plain old disposable camera for this one.wow. 
the simplicity is endlessly intriguing.This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.simple, beau , efficaceFdaak il3ain w ra3eeha ;)&lt;3mashallah *3layah &amp; HAYAMeno ;&quot;|Fdaitha &lt;3Haya :|MwwwwAAA7 :Pرووووووعه
ربي يحفظها
*_^mashallah 


^.~Meno . 

fdeetich meno &lt;333{ ĒL~3іnαωyα }❤❜ 

=)
MaShala ,, Rabi ya7f'9 alModelHaya♥ 

&lt;33Handosh.`Yυri♥ 

tfdaach =p
Mashalla
&lt;3 IT
Fave
Yalbbaa &lt;'33:)
FaveMeno . 

ly 97 loool =PFHD_QTR 

yslmoo 7biميمز طبعا لا :P
حق فراولة حياتي :P:P&lt;3&lt;3pŗiйĈèSş.мємǿǿ  

&lt;333'нαyα 

ameeen &lt;33άмѕ7 ĐмЗтκ ♥ 

yslmooClassic's ♥ 

thaanxMeno . 

=''''''''( alla ysam7ch 

fdeeet alfrawla ana looove u HAYA XDmashallah
(y)Special Style ™ بقت لحظات (w) 

(f)

Mashalla ;**

  
Mashallah **

  |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   meeeeemz 7ayaaati 
fdeeet aly 7agzlyy walla

el-pic &gt; woooooow raw3h mashalla 

i like her eyes;$*Fdait 3yoon MENO &lt;3 love you both banat 9afi :P (L)Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~Etjnn ;*** ' mashalla '
Love you both&lt;33s7r.alkon 

fdetich shoosh w ana amoot feechOLIVE.OYL93 

thaanx 

^^Noli 

yslmoo ya 8lbii

loove u moor &lt;333layah ♥ 

3layaaaaah 7bibbbbittttty entttttti 
looove u aloooooooot ;$***
ya 3mrii wallaya lbaaaa ;O
fdaiiit 3yoounich ya Meno , att33b w rabi ;OFutaimz &lt;3 

lbaa 8lbiich 7bibi 
looool b3yed alshrNiiiiiiiice Walla 
Keep It Up
Comment Me + Nooooote Plzzz~{Raw3a Mashalla..,Sωeeту.н ♥ 

thaanx~{Princess Sha3oOleta →Happy =D.., 

thaanxما شاء الله 

  حلوة الصورة ، الله يسلم إيدينكMashallah, so pure &amp; beautifulسعودي وكلي فخر 

thaanx`fa6ooma♥.    

thaanxMashallllah milllion ♥♥Mashallah

Explore 
 
:)



ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـر

Congrats
Seen On Explore ;Dmashallah

lovelywell done 
:D:DAwesome work, nicely shot
Congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so0o n!!ce ya8llbe (k)

mashallahmashallah Mashallah &lt;33lovely shotAwwww Mem`Z Mashallah,, 
She Has Cute Eyes ;)
Love U Soo Much .Wo0o0o0o0oW ~ 

Mashallla ~ExploreYa lbaa 8lb alModel bs uu5 aroo7 w6ii ya naaas ♥____♥
Love u Both walla :*:*:* Mem'z t9d8een i *MISS* u :''''O 
ya 7bni lkm &lt;33333 :** S.B.A 

yslmoo mliionغявα ♥    

thaanxوآو
ما شا الله7MòÔóD °•Ҳ' 

thanxS๑Θ๑мy Qαmbαя ♥    

thaanxyoyo_ksa2002 أستغفر الله العظيم 

thaanx»al_shmoo5«QŤŔ¬[ 

thaanxPAL1970    

thaanxφŗĭńcess ƒŏŎŏƒă 

thaanx 7bi~ 3тнαв.αl-яσΘ7→رآيق آلَبآلَ 

=)WD'WD 

thaanxhexihash    

thaanx~ Rated |R| Super Star ©    

ya 3mriiiii i miss u  alooot 

loooove u mooorePinkyaO ♥ 

yslmo 7biغявα ♥    

thaanxAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Huneèrli ♥ [ DELETED ] !!

ma9d8 loool 
i miss u mooore walla
7ayati enti &lt;33
w ana amoot feechms fnoo 

thaanx 7biG_iG_i    

yslmoo

^^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!يو يو يو يو ماشاء الله تبارك الخلاقExplore ;)excellent!ماشاءالله  تجنن 

تستاهلين الـ فيفBeautifull !..LVDEphoto 

akeed :$Bee 8 

:$REMA²³ 

thaanxlong_shutter 

thaanxMs.alsulaiti → عآېش ع آڷڷې ڪآن    

thanxДтнεεя `JR7 

yslmoopeanutvali_b13 

thaanxRaweeea...~
Perfect..мĭšš·ÄFïŠä 

thaanxJuST ME &lt;’ Mohd&quot;U^S^A    

thanx 

^^This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.LOlandeseVolante    

thaanxMashallamashallahβαиооŧα CoǾoĻ

thanx~قصايد~ ‏ يااارب تشفيه 

thaanx♥(¯`'•.¸(¯`'•.¸*♥♥*¸.•'´¯)¸.•' ´¯)♥
♥♥(¯`'•.¸(¯`'•.¸**¸.•'´¯)¸.•'´ ¯)♥♥
----==--raw3AAaAa ---==----
(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´*♥♥♥♥*`'•.¸_)`'• .¸_)
♥(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´*♥♥*`'•.¸_)`'•. ¸_)♥
♥♥(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´**`'•.¸_)`'•.¸ _)♥♥


NIC PIC

KEEP IT UP

KOMMENT ME Plllllllllllllllllllllllzعيونك اخر آمالي 

ما شاءالله عليها عيونάιGαιв άι7αиσσи 

thaanxnever mind2 

mashalla &lt;33mashalla ♥niCe  mashalla


www.flickr.com/photos/41998851@N03/4349209312/   FAV PllzMeмeiă Queeŋ ♥ أحگم انا قلبـه 

thaanxคи๑Θ๑sн→ ♥ 

thanxMashalla,,


miss U 7beebty ,,='(



a7bbbbbbch mem'zMs. Дђαšєєš,,ذبحنې آنتظآرې 

ya 3mrrri entti
miss u mooooooooore walla
amooot feech 7ayati &lt;3333This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!love the tones and crop!  I wouldn't mind eating chocolate cupcakes all day, either! :DNice dress and nice tone ! HBM !So what is for dinner ;-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Wow- this is a great shot.oh, you are styling it in the kitchen, love it.great take on the theme! and those shoes!!! rawr!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Group Roulette&quot; (?)super cute..HBMCute skirt =Dcrazy!bench monday makes me hungry. Im drooling thinking about all the luscious recipes in those books behind youOMG, that looks so dangerous! AWESOME shot!This is SOoOOooOOo cute!cutie skirt!!great reflection!
and totally cute!Cute skirt and apron combo.I know, your middle name is &quot;Martha&quot;.... :)  love the shoes.great reflections!

--
Seen in 365 Days (?)Fantastic! HBM!Looks like we had the same kind of idea today!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Project 365&quot; (?)Another classic shot.  Great work!Fabulous! Creative shot, great color, and the layout tells a good story with just a little bit of tease thrown in. Oh, and I love those shoes too!Love this shot! Very creative Idea!

--
Seen in the group&quot;:365x2010: WTF was I Thinkin'?!:&quot; (?)Love those shoes!!haha..your tags are cracking me up!  Love the colors and those fab shoes!  hbm!cute cute cute! I love itVEry cute.  The reflection in the counter reminds me of iTunes album pictures.You can bake cupcakes and send them to all your Flickr friends.  ; )Nice Bench Monday.a domestic goddess in pumps!Great apron &amp; shoes! I {heart} this shot:) HBM!Oh my goodness, just take a look at that Spatula... love it;)way cute! love!Awesome work, nicely shot
Congrats


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Love it!! HBM!great pic!  I love cookbooks!  HBM!!!  =)can I have you over to cook me up a little something? ;-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice one, great shot!OMG!  i love this photo!  awesome tones.  is that an apron?  it's sooo cute.  and the SHOES.  ok.  i'll shut up now.Cool shot!Where do I start?  Great shot (as always), lovely tones, fab dress, love the reflection and the whisk is a great touch.

Seeing your legs on a regular basis makes me realise why I don't attempt Bench Mondays ... mine could never compete :pMy kind of goddess!woooow !  perfeita. parece (e não é?) foto de revista.
luz incrível, composição idemmmm !

:)Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.a 50's decade wife... =))))))Delicious! ;)Cute! Great skirt!
HBM a day later!this is great!  love it!  hbm!Nice compositionLOL! This is great--like a naughty housewife!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Just Standing (waist down), and we'd love to have this added to the group!love this!  It is so cute!I love the crop in this photograph! Nice work!ha-ha...skirt, high heels, Better Homes cookbook, apron...;-) looks like a time-travel back in the 50's!I love this shot. The color and the feel takes me back in time. Great photo.Simple...clever. Very niceBelated HBM - I missed this on Monday. Fantastic idea - beautifully executed.This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Congrats on Explore !!!!I love the shoesthese boots were made for (standing on a bench!)Doc Martens!?I love the colours in this one but part of me thinks that maybe something should be in focus so it's my alt:

both fabulousLove them both - fab!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Great shot(s) and very original angle and composition!
HBM.fab depth! Great ideas for BM! love both!Love this!Brilliant!  Thanks for joining me and for introducing me to FGR!nice DoF

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)Very cool.  Love the composition, perspective, and dof with this image.great shot and great boots. I'm with you except I even struggle with sandals. I love my bootsI really like this!HMB! I love my boots (all of them) so much I'd wear them all year round if I could!My wife calls those 'overthrow the government boots.'

hbm!cool boots. am loving the bench fgr,shame i missed it!fab processing!great detail, hbmLove them bothCool focus. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)love the macro HBM!great macro
HBM!!!fab!This is great L. This and the other shot could make a good diptych.Great Dof really cool!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Proper shoesIncredible DoF and tones !Those shoes are made for benching :-)Fab!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bouncing Soles, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love both shots! and the boots too.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Group Roulette&quot; (?)sweet:)
HBM!!! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)excellent BM. great DoF

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love this!!Nice DoF
Nice DMsNice.pretty tone!They're both fab shots. I really do like the colours in the alternate, too.Like itLove the DoF and the crop.great shot!!!I want those boots!
--
Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010  (?)Very nice composition and dof!Brilliant!great boot! great shot!Those boots are made for walking (somebody had to comment this cliche) :)I like the detailsperfect!original shot and work, seen on explore :-)nice DoFI think this is great, love the focus!Absolutely Love This!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Very good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.so prettyaw wow this is so cute!so so so cute!love this elsie!!!  :)so cuteee ♥belleza!i like the interconnecting squares!elsie I need a print of this for Delilah's nursery!! It's adorable, and whimsical, and the colors go perfect!wow..first thought, like holly..I want a print.....this is one of your best elsie..reallyI want a print of this as well! It's perfect :)i love this! great colors!love this one!it looks like one of my prints ;)
lovely!Great..Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

This is adorable as always elsie!
I need some more prints off you soon ..to add to my others!!Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.excellent&lt;3333333333 !! can you make prints, please!?cute, cute! :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Randfiguren, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very beautiful, congratulations on EXPLORE !!superb shot
This is a beautiful catch.

Post 1 and comment on 3 photos posted just before you.
Give your votes  here for competition of BEST PHOTOGRAPHER of Feb '09.i love this so much :D makes my heart happy!!incredible !great spotfresh cut meats and moreOh no!  This is so wrong!  And so great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called .seeds, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellentOh my. Wonderful.Wow. A gravestone labelled Braun is surely too good to be true!No way!!!Only in this stream is possible to laugh looking at a cemetery photo.unbelievable. this is great.(shaking my head)goes well with
;))Dare I say, only in Ohio.brilliant!!!Hahah thats amazing.Good story find and nice capture of it.Awesome, dude.This is ridiculous!  Did you purchase any after shooting it?Yes, the steaks are quite good.great!That's not the crematorium by any chance is it??  great find..St. Mary's meats!!!
This photo made my day.

And also goes with: 
In the making of this potentialy three things were shot..Awesome, That a great spot for the adIt's your ribs.  I'm afraid their delicious.  :)Very cool find and very cool shot.Hahaha, I wonder if St. Mary's meats put thought into where they advertise.Eerily funny. Well spotted.HA HA!  c'est scabreux!ROFL !wow... makes ya wonder!-yaa 3mriiiii 3 alebdaaaaaaaaaa3

roow3aa

love it  amazing &lt;3ayya 3leech 

abd3ty 7oby 

a7bich a7bich a7bich 

amwaaaa7777

احبك لاخر نفس بحياتي ...

اذا ناوي تروح ابفهم وين اروح ؟..


هو غايتي هو راحتي هو ظنيني WooooW

3jeeebah ;**

[Faav] =pRw3aaa

NiCe PiC


My 7RF &gt;&lt;&quot;

hhhhhhhhhh


FAV

الوآن الصوره تجنن ;p
(F)

3jeeeeeeeba mayoom ^^

abd3ty wallah 

7adha n!ce el p!c

fdeeeeeet hl 7rf wallah 

♥ it mn 8llllllb آبدآع فيف مي
مساء الجوري
يالبى الحرفniiice pic 
=Dروووووووووووووووووووووووووووووعه

ابدااااع x ابدااااااااااااع

تسلم يدك

دمتي مبدعهنايسnice piC
KEEEP IT UP 
FAV

Comment me plz ~ *تـسـلـم آلآيـآدي ع الـصـووره آلـجـنـآآن
.
صـرآآحــه فــي مـنـتـهـى آلـرووعـــه &amp; آلـفــــن
.
مـهـب غــريــب عـلـيـكـم هـآلإبـــدآآآع
.
ﾚo√乇 ♥ iT 
.



لـو مـآبـهـآآ كــلآفـــه

بـــس 
FAV

www.flickr.com/photos/45701609@N06/4334988773/فديت حرفي
ابدااااااااع مشاءالله
كيب ات فوووق
وكومنت ماعليج امرNice~ْ





Fdeeet hal letter a7777777bah &lt;33;*
nice picFaaaaaaaaav ~!,N!Ce  &lt;3sooooo nice 

abdaaaaaaaaaaaaaa3 

nice shooot 


&amp;

comment +not 4 me plllzzZz new picv.nice shoot 
comment meناايس بكجر
تسلم ايادي الحلوه☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
_-└┐▒▒▒┌______


WøÖøÖøW..~ •º ㋡(｡◕‿◕｡)

ŋiCėė, ρί!C..~ •º㋡

яǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º㋡

keep it foog ..~ •º㋡

comment &amp; note plz ..~ •º㋡soo nice ..Nicenice picture 
comment me please
www.flickr.com/photos/45801453@N05/4339749971/   




lovely ~



comment me plZ
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasmah/4340448596/]
      N!Ce 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/iilii/4328365650/]نايس واللهwo0o0o0ow

نااااايسoyaaaaaaa 3la el 7rrrrf

faaaaan faaaan el 9ora

abd3tii wallah

&lt;3 it mn 8llllbcolorful!! faved.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/zackgoad/4295830633/]Excellent!!

Seen in
FLICKR Stars group,
post 1 invite 1 award 6
and tag &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; on your pictureههههه فكره في فكره 
m يعني 
من انت وليش داخل على قلبي على طووول ليش ما طقيت الباب الحب علشان تدخل 
بال حسستكم لاني احبب 
بس والله نايس كووول البك روعه ابدعتي
خليتني اشتط وخليتني اقول هاي القصيده السخيفهm &lt;3NiceNICE , 

Jmeela ~تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
comment me&lt;3
R w 3 a a A *




a b d 3 t e ؛

,. F a v ~



www.flickr.com/photos/35316679@N06/4342237745 جـمييلة ♥♥What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.&lt;3☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
_-└┐▒▒▒┌______

Raw3aaaah *.
niCCCe piiiiic walla


CoMmEnT mE:


niCoo



Lovely .. &lt;3a7la 7rf fi al3alm 


faaaaaaaaaavWS.photogràphy ♥♥Đสß8šҢιŚнσ ‹Ʒ

enty el arwa3

thanxxx hunii῟ JOJO Bint.A ♥

thanxxx =D3βỏỎỏЯά

thanxxxx hunii =Dßõ ĴãšŏŐŏɱ

thanxx =Dறя.ح₥ỖổỜĐ φ∂я→(w)

h3 h3 enta el arwa3

thanxxxŝƷDά ♣ الحمدالله ;p

thanxxxx =DṂŞ.Νỗ Ḇỏỳ ♥

enty el 3jeeba h3 h3

thanxx thanxx =DмjИσит zα3Lαтк → crezy moD

thanxxx =D**الجوري**→algharafa ♥

thanxx h3ReD RoSe&quot; :D

enty el n!ce

thanxxxjojo00000

enty el arwa3

thanxxxβЙŢŁΐ_QŦя

thanxxx =DcĦєrry l!ps &lt;3

thanxxx =Dهه &gt;&gt; مـردكـ لـي ▓M

thanxxx =)Cℓαssîc ▫ → بـن حــلال

h3 h3 thanxxx♥ PrinceSs ™ ♥ كـثـر خيري

thanxxx =DNawari ♥ Maryooma

h3 h3 thanxxx =D♥ ςђ๏Ø¢нōŎ™ ✿

thanxxx =DPώϊΠčḗṩŠ good bye :P

thanxxxBo.7mood ; OUT OF QATARع ـشقيـۓ ع ـيۈوۈ نـﮖ

thanxxx =Dώά7şнηέ.zмâŋķ..ღ

thanxxxx =)ρяiNcёss ℓ๐๐ℓч

thanxxx =DβЙŢŁΐ_QŦя

thanxx h3¬[ MånǾǒl [ Z ]

thanxxx h3[нσsαмσ]

thanxxxA`3la Mn 3eni&gt;&gt;♥

thanxxx =D♥● $wèèTℓêmØn●♥ ..NoØoĝa..

thanxxxx =DNASMAH ♥→ Miss U M.F

thanxxx =Dღ{..Šυρêŕ ƒสнσσđ..} ღ

thanxxxx =)Ϝяσσѕ♥♥

thanxxx =D.¸¸.•●»{.ƒ.♪▓

thanxxxxRayo0ma

h3 h3 thanxxx 7biiiiZaCk GoAd

thanxxxxDr. Ilia

thanxxxx =DDie forever

hhhhh thanxxxHaya♥

thanxxxNoonz .

thanxxxA M A Z I N G

thanxxxx =D╠▫▪Jяø7 Áℓяø7~»♥

thanxxx h3grb7....→ يسألۈني ليہ أحبڪ ....

thanxxxαηfαš αℓ3όόÐ♥[almannai]

thanxxxДЇάhbάbi.Qtr→BB 2107d806

thanxxxxSositα ♥

thanxxx h3LOlandeseVolante

thanxxx* NouDy

thanxxxxÐĒVÍĿ→→ أحبـــــــــج &gt;Ę&lt;,..

thanxxx =Dяό7ч ƒєєḋάќ ‹Зз ™ « ﹁ ♥

thanxxxsнαy6σиα

thanxxx♥~MISs.Mayo0oma~♥

eee h3

thanxxxxniiiiice piiic


c0o0omment meنـآآآآآآآآآآآآآآيس بكجر
روووووووووعه الصوره
www.flickr.com/photos/47316351@N06/4348526466/
كومنت ميRaw3a ~ 2nd ;D
Nice picTure 
FAV :P---



nice p!C 5itoo keep it UP

Wait 2 C your neW (L)_(L)Well Taken 
Keep Goinglove it
niiice  piic
roo33aa  wala
coOoL coOoL
doom al 3bda
3la  6lbe  wala
fav L3nonch
Thanxx  3la  comment



Amazin;**



 lovly shoT 
tslm yor hand ;)Lovely focus  ♥ ♥ ♥Niiice photo’s **

comeent me plZ ;;
www.flickr.com/photos/31763501@N06/4339735065/~{Nice Color's.., OMG niiiiice Colorrrrrr's (L)___(L)
love thaaat !!



lba 8lbbch :$ŋiCėė, ρί!C 

Keep IT Fo0oG 

comment me p!!iiz

FAAv

. 





ThaaaaaaaaanQ [U] all $
مدري علٱآمي لـآطريتڪ . تبسمت ڪن ٱلفرح مع طآري آسمڪ مخـآۈي ~ 
2l.wordl`s [4] All kk*Wooow Tjnn 


abdaaa3tii wallawow Amazing &lt;3 = 







Thaaaaaaaaaanx !حبيت الفكره 

والتصوير احترافي 
ما شاء الله

&lt;3 it ;D

My A  ; وأللــه ان الــروح لــو ترضيـــك فدووه ♥♥♥♥ =






mEeercii #.





7beeeebti ; MELAFY '
a7bbbbbbbch a7bbbbch a7bbbch a7bbbbbbch a7bbbbbbch 
a7bbbbbbbch a7bbbbch a7bbbch a7bbbbbbch a7bbbbbbch 
a7bbbbbbbch a7bbbbch a7bbbch a7bbbbbbch a7bbbbbbch 
a7bbbbbbbch a7bbbbch a7bbbch a7bbbbbbch a7bbbbbbch 
a7bbbbbbbch a7bbbbch a7bbbch a7bbbbbbch a7bbbbbbch 

 Allah y5leech ly iNshallah ! 
Fdeeeeet 8lby oo 3eeench Hhhhhh 
Fdeeeeetch klch 3la b3`9ch &gt;&lt;really

v.cool.




Tslmeeen 7bii $*7lwa walla =





ThaaaaaaaanQ [U] ya 7lwa inty :ppnice walla ...







ysllmo `Wonderful Sharpness!






*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥ = 







mee`3se ~nice wlla


comment meRaw3aa walla mashalla 

(F)**

=)Great ShotRaw3ah = 







Thaaaaaaaaanx All ;)sweet words.






Tslmeeen 7yatii &gt;&lt;n!c3 ~
                p!c ~




              Rw3aa ~
             CoMenT Me ~well taken &lt;3;). 









yslmmo ;$الصراحه ابـدااع *
والالوان حلووهـ
واكييد فييف =) = 






Mn 4ooo8K  !نااااايس 
^^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please post this beautiful picture to   
     
  The passion of the heart!!!   
  Post (1 award2)   
  (Remember 2 Comments)   
     
  ♥ Admin approved ♥Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group! =




ThaaaaaaaaNx =ناااايس البكجر والله

تسلم الاياادي

ابدااع !! ابدااع

Keep it f0o0o0g

i hop to see your comment

awesome shot, very colorful!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~



FnTica Walla ' ;P 

Fnaan 2MjaDy Mashalla 3leeSh `

3 6Ool Mbd3h ` Oo Keep Gooing Leeeen The Moon ` 
;)This looks excellent on black!.
.

Beautiful .. ㋡

.
.

raw3a ;* 

. =






meeRcii @I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~  = 






Welcome any Time ~well done girl .. its so cool 
y36eech al3afyah = 








Thaaaaaaaaaaanx 7moood ! 3jeeeb ! = 





ThaaaaaaaaaaaNx #NiCe ColoRs

KeeP
iT
Up
;)) 



ThaaaaaNx amaziing ^*Superb shot, beautiful colours and silhouette.morning light always the best.... spectacular Tony!i can sense hope in this image.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great composition and colors in this shotBeautiful composition.U nver fail Tony..its so cool...beautiful tones and details..What a beautiful and wonderful shot !!beautiful morning shotbeautiful view my friend..Looks to be the start of a beautiful day!
Very nice shot Tony!so beautiful Tony! you live in such a wonderful Place!
i can see all the beauty from your gorgeous pictures!Great composition, fantastic light and tones!great silhouette &amp; lovely seascape, fantastic.Very beautiful scene..!  Have a good Tuesday, my friend..!!))so gorgeous.. nicely capturedi love morning light, well capture tony, nice silhouette ;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)very beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!Great colors!Fantastic light.Cool sunrise, the tide is still out and this captures it all!Beautiful! Great composition, and love the orange sky at the horizon.very pretty pic....tones are very good1beautiful shot!What a gorgeous morning shot! Love the scenery!stunning..........pkl beraper bangun utk shot ni bro?..breathtakingly beautiful, Tony!! what a spectaculAR shot!beautiful light

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)fantastic composition and a beautiful shot with great light. i would love to see this beautiful place.Wow, really special shot. What a lovely capture of light and shadow.and what a lovely light it is! Totally mind-blowing!That does look so peaceful.Love the golden hour!!!! so beautiful !!!!!Wonderful capture! Really like the silhouette! Very nice!Beautiful, very nice composition ...
And love the atmosphere:)Wonderful capture, amazing sky!Fantastic!

This wonderful photo was seen in
 
&quot;~Serene~&quot; Beautiful morning light. Love the colours and silhouette!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/628767@N24/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing morning light,nice work^^just a sign of my short presence!Magnificadear tony,

terima kasih banyak2, we really appreciate your friendship. we really enjoy your company and hope we can spend time soon.

lantern festival is coming soon at albert park, that should be a good outing.

thanks again for the picture. it's really goegeous, an excellent capture as always.

badrul+farizagreat shot, so beautifulA beautiful shot Tony!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Gorgeous light and composition, beautiful scenery!Beautiful Sunrise Tony, Lovely views &amp; nice silhouettes, Have a nice week, John,this is superb tone and composition..:)B E A utifulReally awesome work!great shot n compo bro..... and it's absolutely wonderful! Very serene... exactly how mornings should be.Just dreamy viewed original size. Xawesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Only &quot;The Best&quot; Are In Memories Through Photographs Original, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice jer layan feeling nih...
love the clouds yg macam beratur tuamazing sunriseGood evening Tony...
lovely and beautiful sunrise...
such a wonderful view and have a sweet day my friend !Lovely capturebeautiful composition, great tonesLove this, where is this? Love the light on the water ;) Happy Days my friend :) CarVery beautiful sunrise!! There's always something different sunrise and sunsets. I don't know why, it's just a different feelinglovely.  looks very relaxing!  great shot!  have a good week.i love the color tones!fabulous view! love this one
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful composition &amp; colour!  Gorgeous scene.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful mood! Great photo.Beautiful glow. Nicely captured.gorgeous!beautiful morning light tony....mengancam........!!!!!!I need to sit here for a moment and take it all in. you have the most extraordinary sunriseswonderful light ......colours and silhouette........:) so very beautiful... great sky colors, Tony.. 

Ni Hao?Beautiful image! Great composition and very nice mood!so great shot, so beautifullove this, love the silhouettes 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)my goodness Tony..wheeew! the best!Beautifull morning shot.Awesome reflections in the water 
lovely depthamazing colors and wonderful light! fantastic composed photo!Great shotwonderful capture !!!!!lovely shot sir tony! awesome one!Wonderful, Tony! Lovely comp.Really beautiful!!!Another Excelent Capture Tony ,Wonderful atmosphere here! So sereneI love the sunset!! especially this one !!Wonderful light, seascape and silhouettes!!!and beautiful morning light it is!Beautiful capture !A VERY SPECIAL PHOTO!

Have a magical Wednesday, My Dear Friend.

...Lovely shotVery very wonderful and peaceful scenery my friend 1These are shots in which their vision involves you, as the sight, sweet and charming, well done, excellent, congratulationsAnother superb captureBeautiful capture, I'd love a sit in that balconyWell captured. Congrats on explore :D

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Beautiful composition, great mood.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )And the morning light is just fantasticfabulosa toma
excelente
saludosnothing beat waking up to an idyllic setting!
love the shimmering sand and the silhouetted balcony in the light!Beautiful morning light and so well composed!Very lovely photo!I bet the morning brisk air feels nice.  Beautiful shot Tony.a fabulous silhouette and colours in the skyAwesome...Incredible colors and compisition in this one. I really like it!Fantastic photo !A Great frame . . !!!!tenang dan yaman!Excellent composition! The foreground structure creates an anchor and a leading line to the beauty beyond.

&quot;packin' pollen&quot; www.flickr.com/photos/celeste/4344697419/

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous light . . .well seen and taken!Wonderful photo!! very beautiful!!superb! awesome... love this capture!awesome shot, Tony! so calm and peaceful..lv it bro.. Tq 4 sharingbeautiful......拍的這麼好!
I enjoyed viewing this, thanks for sharing and have a  great week!Beautiful composition, excellent captureit&quot;s wonderful Tony, what a view, what a delightful mood....
fantastic colour and composition !!!Thanks.Dang Tony - I wish I was with you taking all these awesome shots - you live in one magical place!!!Beautiful morning shot!Amazing beauty...PARADISE!!
Stuning Beauty!wow.. like a paradise!wonderful imageA most amazing mood!  Perfect scene for a respite!  Great work as always Tony!what a beautiful scene ...... no ice no snow ...... very nicely presentedvery beautiful view!
Lovely light here, great work!Very nice silhouette &amp; sky colour Tony! wonderfully composed...Great composition and light! Beautiful shot!Wow! this is so special!Beautiful view. Love the boat!Lovely sunset.Very nice, seems a nice way to end the day sitting there.beautiful photo !greatWow, so awesome!Such amazing tones and composition - bravo - excellent workWonderful capturegreat shot. Like the silhouette of the hut against the skyWonderful scene &amp; great capture!!! Lovely light &amp; view!!
Thank you friend!!This is VERY nice!Gorgeous capture!Beautiful morning light.This brilliant photo
Great day!
Hugs!Wonderful seascape picture!soft &amp; pure light on this new morning day wow. real nice portrait photo...Very nice lighting and a stunning image!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Strobist.com&quot; (?)OMG!! that's a stunning portrait!Very well composed photo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FACE ON flickr, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Stunning! Very well done!wow nice face (eyes color is not Egyptian )è una meraviglia !Very beautiful model and great photography.Fabulous   really love these Middle East Veiled girl images..  Great lighting, if anything I would have it a little darker?  more mysterious?

Super :-)))what a beautiful portrait..amazing light.....killer eyes...wowritratto magnetico

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TALENTPHOTO MAGAZINE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful portrait!Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 

No limits-Sin limite
Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DBeautiful lighting work. Great work.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Photography South ]Just Perect man !!excellent workmaravilloso retratowell done...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent portrait!It's almost too perfect great job.Grandisimo retrato.Impressive!

Ciao,
AndyYou're shot is a Digital Jewel ...

Seen in Digital Jewels poolGreat!


Seen on FluidrStunning! She is beautiful!brilliantBeautiful portrait!Beautiful work.Great work.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Stunning! Very beautiful!This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed In:

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;BeautifulStunning - wonderful work!!!

This Beautiful lmage 
Was Viewed In: 

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;lovely portrait. Great workStunningly beautiful!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LO SCRIGNO / THE COFFER - &quot;INVITED ONLY&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant photo, like the light and colours...congrats.This looks very mysteriousto me.Very beautiful portrait! Congrats on explore!This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Better than their Bests (Comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome ART.

#107 on explore.  Congratulations
www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/08/page11


This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  This awesome Beauty enjoyingly enhances your pool at 
Better than their Bests (Comment 1)
seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****This is a masterpiece!
    
    . . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

    ***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

    If you receive 5 awards, Post here
    If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereNicely done!
a href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/dragonawards/&quot;&gt;seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****Wow, this is beautiful! I love the tones.like the tones alot !i love this so much, the snow is stunning :)very cool! love the snow and the tones.wow this is beautiful. I love the tones so much :)beautifulgorgeous! very very good tones.gret onethis is so cute XDperfect atmosphere!It's snowing there??? :D :D :Dgorgeousss shot, love the snow capture!the colors and tones :]
this feels so innocent and me gusta the snowHi, I'm an admin for a group called Independentphotos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

cinematicyou are so incredible, it makes my eyes hurt!love the tone! Nice shot!There is always this magic in your work that provides the viewer with a sense of escapism. This piece being no exception. Very wonderful portrait.good job, your creativity not have limit manWOW! perfect :)lovey shot.wow. love this. beautiful colors.quite regal
you could be a white russian!so good. the snow, it's my favourite part.interesting subjects and arrangementsWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DI like your location for this.Tones are gorgeous. You're well
cute :-) well done on explore 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.nice portrait under the snow!Wonderful shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.nice ........

ــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــ


beautiful, as alwaysInterestingOttimo scatto!! Mi ci tufferei un questo mare bianco!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )ma che fiaba!!the absolute winterdream...
i wish i was thereti sei messo a spalare? che gobbe!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Kartpostal, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Che cartolina splendida ...splendida cartolina!ops ... mi sono accorto adesso dello stesso commento
non volevo copiareSpala, spala, che ti fa bene....Wonderful !!!!Hehee grazie come sempre Piffer!

Sembra proprio così eh Pinup?

Well Gaddyline, it's seems not sofat from you!

Ciao Antò, mi ci sono tuffato!

Thanks a lot Samantha for the invitation!

Nessun problema Max anzi, grazie!

Eh si Laura. mi farebbe bene si!

Thanks for your visit Halina-Anna!Robino.... ma se sei un fuscello!!!!!
Ti do una tecnica infallibile per perdere 8 chili in un mese e mezzo, se vuoi...
;-)ma che meraviglia!Non ne ho bisogno Laura!!!
;-)

Ciao Darko, grassie!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks a lot for the invitation LVDE!Yeah, this is really beautiful and serene. Well captured!Increíble!!! Me encantaaaHi, I'm an admin for a group called Kaleidoscopic Vision, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice pictureYou're shot is a Digital Jewel ...

Seen in Digital Jewels poolWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Thanks alot Rorowe8!!

Muchas gracias, Ysett!

I thank you for the invitation, Zill Niazi!

Thanks for your visit, Raxman!

Grazie Jojofotografia!

And thanks a lot to you too Olandese volante!!!-  


м n м α n α ♥  , 7moOd , ' D , Crazyoo yees im al '3 3nd Nwaf !!
thanxx Fdeet ro7ch ;***
Wooow !! al shooooot (Y) 3jeeeba like u :P
7bet'ha waaajd wajjjd !!!
i LOVEu Cuzn ♥♥♥♥♥♥&lt;3

وااااااااااو
عذبني الادت
رهيييب
ربي يحفظ الموديل
وتسلم يمناك فديتكـ
www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/4339591763/ابداعأبدعت[http://www.flickr.com/photos/23576635@N06/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/40207460@N08/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/38203522@N06/]ya lbbbbbbba
faaav[http://www.flickr.com/photos/punkya/] N!CE .... Well Taken[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bo-jaso0om/]XD love it but akeed tdreen inyy A77biich moooore :P[http://www.flickr.com/photos/missamooola-oo-/]ya lbeeeh
fdet aly 7ajzeen ly al 1 ST &lt;33333
3koosha al 7lwa hon ;P hhh

Fdeeet Nwaf ana 
FAV l3yOnkGreat Edit !Take Your Time :]niiicee[http://www.flickr.com/photos/40220865@N03/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/losingalbuainain/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/msha3il/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/5aloooof/]nicee[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33529486@N08/] 

Amazing Wooow ana al-2nd Haaahaaay 
Love You Love You A7biiiiiiiik Nwaf 
(LL) Mashalla 3ala ع k o o s h [k][k][k]~ّ!
RAW3A W Rbiiiii Fnaaaan (K)(K) ;) 
FAAAV Ljl 3Nonk ! God Bless her ! 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/7mood_-n/]AmaziinG ...
Lovely piC.

&lt;'33 iT ..  al'edit 3thab (L).(L) , big faved &lt;33  [http://www.flickr.com/photos/42443463@N04/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/38657668@N03/]Rw3a h3 :Pp[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46245073@N07/]b3d rw3ah aby t76en 9oorty mrteen &lt;&lt; braaah :PpThnx&lt;3&lt;3 Bb ;$[http://www.flickr.com/photos/63ant-8lbii/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/46146230@N04/]Fave;*Fav ;*lovely capture!
AmazinG..lovely


comment me plz+noteAmazing shot (Y)

Tjnneein &lt;3
A7bik :$N ; 7boob oO 6ayb BN 7laL ;) 
(L)_(L)nice wala

adda3t alnwaf ;p

comment Meرووعه
وحبيت الأدت
=)يالبى الموديل
برب ..[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32394270@N05/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/anfasy-d5oon/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/metaldoll/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/43477991@N02/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/42146833@N04/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/42733849@N05/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/26849918@N06/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/40220865@N03/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/46041402@N05/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/46048239@N07/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/26421396@N03/]نايس ادييت[http://www.flickr.com/photos/29526996@N06/]thanks

A7bbbbk NWaaf
W Rbbbi Btww7shniii 
hhhh ;$ a9ln ana Bsafr m3aaaak 
YA LBeeeeeh WALLA (LLLLLLL) !

ThnxBl salama enshallaMneraamazing shooot
luuuv it 
fav 4 SurepresigethnqAmazingnice pic 
tslm yadsh al 7looooa 
amazing ^^


=)فيــــــــف ^^
=)Ra7ty 8rbkthanksMnoorthanks alot`




Nice .. 

Raw3a . walla

3la glby . &lt;3Nice Pic 
Love the B&amp;W
&lt;3 FAV

TYT =D-N!c:





ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
Aqala 8lbithanksalLtyt  ;(Noorthnxتوصلين بالسلامه   نايس شوت Beautiful picture! Seen in:
For the love of Nature

****Post 2/ Award 3****-[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ra3yat_elfz3at/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/nuno-gomes/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/5700510/]يعطيك العافيه عل هلبداااع 

يسلموووو لاهننننتAwwww &lt;3 !! .. 

Meeee LIIIIIIKYYY &lt;3 ! 

AmaaazinG piCc hunnih !! .. 

Keep FyinG Dear  
www.flickr.com/photos/47407221@N03/4345795712/favenice&lt;33ihih..You're always creative, love it.Fantastic. Love the DOF.Cute! : )
I did a Danbo shot today too !Oh! It's very nice! ^^ahahah!!bisogna trovare una fidanzata a danbo allora!!Bellissima!l'hai finalmente messo a fare un pò di manovalanza, lo scansafatiche hehe. troppo carino col caffè, mi piace come i chicci siano così belli in fotouahuahuahua è bellissimaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa *_____*
lo voglio anche io danbo :*Woww! excellent photo (:oooh tenero danbo :)...ma quanto è cariiinoooooooo!!!
Tenerissime e stupende le tue foto, come sempre!
Cmq non ho potuto resistere e ho &quot;dovuto&quot; ordinare un Danbo: adesso è in viaggio dal giappo verso l'italia :DahhH...MA COme ti vengono certe idee :) geniale!uffa, il mio danbo è sempre arenato all'aeroporto di osaka! intanto mi consolo guardando le imprese del tuo :)Very nice :-)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great work..Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Wonderful!!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DDanbo always works great in photos. Nice idea, creative and the title fits well. 
Well done on explore :D

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.so adorable! congrats on explore—definitely deserved!This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.very lovely/ :)i love how candid this is! great one!Love your processing..Great portrait, and great use of colours!very, very good light!
sweet bluish tones!Very nice!

like the tone and the light!The light is so great!cool. like the crispness and pose of the subjectGran retrato. 

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Guerrilla Street Fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!w-o-w! I like the deep of field!Amazing focus work here!Great clarity - love the &quot;caught in time&quot; feeling of this.Oh wow. I love the muted colors in this.He reminds me of Edward Norton. The Eyes and Mouth, especially.great portraitThis is really good! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.bello retrato! hermosos colores.. :)This is so beautiful
I like her peaceful smiley face!beautiful focus!!! :)You have some serious talent!
I love the DOF and compostition.Gorgeous shot. The focus is perfect. (:this is so beautiful. oh my.She has the best freckles, adhsfasjkdlfhksdja god.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )love the focus, beautiful shot :)the focus is awesome :)very pretty focus. 
such a beautiful shot (:so soft alex. i love this.this is gorgeous
I love the feel and the muted beige tones
The out of focus plant thingy is brilliantthis is gorgeousShe's so pretty and I love the coldness of the photo.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Wonderchild (Weekly Challenge: Night), and we'd love to have this added to the group!so lovelyfdsfkjhsdkfff.
really?The focus is so incredible!gah- I love the freckles.looks awesomeWhat  beautiful composition!I want to favourite this at least twenty times. You don't even know.love this.
the bokeh is just incredible.
and the tones are gorgeous.do not be creeped out when i say i wish i looked like you.Gorgeous !super sensuous image.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper -just 2 days pls VOTE!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Feared and loafing, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

very cool.....; ))This is such a nice portrait. The sort of content happiness in the face is ace.beautiful photoa beauty. congratulations on explore.so beautiful  !!!this is so lovely.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dvery pretty . like the compositionIncredible Sweetness. Lovely...wow, this is gorgeous.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Indie/Folk/Psychedelic Hall Of Fame, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )loveley pica perfekt shoot 
 perfekt focus
perfekt light
and a sweet model
in german this called : Großartig:-)sweet grain.So beautiful!Beautiful and Love the tones!i love this and her frecklesthis is stunningi love everything about this :Dbeautifulthis is so mystic and it actually tells a story which i love. plus props to how organic this photograph feels, i semi love when people mix nature to their portraitsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i love the out f focus part and her frecklesSo so lovely.
The tones are so deep.ove the stillness of it !

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)A Great frame..!!!!!!las migas de pan hacen camino... :)¡Qué bien se llevan estos trastos medio abandonados con tu forma de trabajar el color!Oye, todo este album tuyo es ESPECTACULAR.

Enhorabuena!!Estoy con mi compañero de arriba....el album outdoor es la leche.
a la saaaaaaaaca!ricordi di vite passatemaravillosa Iban !gran foto¡Toooooma! ¡Toma! ¡Ahí me has dao!Por este carro matoooooooooooo matoooooooooeres el señor de la nieblaEres un crack.

Added to SeekingEsta serie es para un libro.que buena esa niebla enmarcando el abandono

saludos MI like.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Pure PhotoArt! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.hay algo mas fotogénico que la niebla?pues ya lo creo que sí, ya lo creo
jajaja
aunque he de reconocer que la niebla me encantauna miga de tamaño considerable...
la bienbla es fotgénica sí...más los días que se levanta con los rulosPedro, hay, digo IBAN.
Tu pagas un extra al hombre del tiempo...Me gustan las texturas y tonalidades, enhorabuena!pedro, niebla, heidi?olirelirejijuuuuuucomo siempre, tus fotografías, una delicia :)Fabulous light.Gracias :)very nice, love the fog on the horizon.Buena foto!te odiomuchoVeo que el viaje ha sido productivo :-)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Lovely villages, fields, meadows, swamps, lakes &amp; forests y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2862380...nice framing!nice shot:-)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ohh! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Bella fotografía, muy bien captada y tratada!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Terrific textures, atmosphere, and tones. Great job!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Cool Shot!!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ***Flickr Global y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Gracias.Beautiful mood!I like very much.Love itViendo la que acabas de subir me he dado cuenta de este fotón.I love the wonderful mood you captured!wow, this is...e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph.sickness!!!I just &lt;3 this- you are one of my fav wedding photogs- keep inspiring!yes yes yesso so lovely to look at &lt;3Love this photo.....you def captured the closeness..this. is. perfect.Excellent nphoot. It is so lovely.nice shot.fantastic image, like stealing a private moment.
Beautiful work!haaaaawwwt!!!! :D

f/0.0 ? what lens!just beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesome focusing and capture!! love it.my fifty, just freelensed :)Great use of depth of field to focus attention to the subject.

Seen on FluidrI really dig this photo!

Great bokeh!This is amazing.That is awesome--I've heard that it's hard to do this with shorter focal length lenses...yet you nailed it.love this!Ohh woow...fantasticThis is so sweet!Very intimate, looks wonderful.i saw the sneak peak on ur blog, it looks like it gonna be faaabulousaaLife flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsFantastic shot, excellentWonderful tones..A very nice photo. Wonderful.fantastic shot and very nice light!Nice Capture I love the compositionSooooo cute! Well done on explore. Deserved it much. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Amore che vieni, amore che vai, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Way to go! Very nice work.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Is A Place, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )completely adorable, great capture!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.adorable! like a movie scene!NICE PHOto thanks 4 sharingGorgeous!really fabulousThe wallpaper and the mood..love it!this is amazing! I'm always the last one to find out about cool stuff, must try this freelensing asap! Your shots are fabulous!!Oh my, absolutely beautiful shot!!!! :D
Love the colors, contrasts, mood, everything!! ....definitely a fave! :)
Cheers! ^_^Amasing! :)Wow!Adore the pealing wallpaper... so abandoned and mysterious...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TOP QUALITY IMAGES ONLY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DigitalphotoART ( invited only ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Pretty cool place.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Splendore negato / Brilliance denied, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cool wallpaper...;-)Heel fraai Ineke... :) wat zul je blij zijn als je weer thuis bent...na deze rommel :))Wonderful place!what a gem!LOVE IT!  Great mood, as usual.  Sadly, reminds me of my house a little.  Currently being gutted for mold and water damage.wonderful!Great shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so cool place!I like very much!I just love this!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called JUST IMAGINE | admin invite | 18+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fabulous scene!
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GRISTLE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wat een mooie tonen en wat een geweldig licht. Prachtig!behang dat gordijn wil zijn.......mmm likEit!magicalOk...I don't why I keep looking at this. All the verticals should pull me right out the top, but that does not seem to be the case. Very good.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Like a movie in Colors, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome shot!!!!!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Textures Collision, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

woW, it's quite great !
i like all in thisHi, I'm an admin for a group called [The Spot], and we'd love to have this added to the group!----------------
&#9554;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9571;&#9568;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9557;
This Masterpiece deserved to appear in :

 &#9568;Art Libre-Free Art-Arte Libre-Freie Kunst-invited pix only&#9571; .

tag with : &quot;ArtLibre&quot; and consider joining us :o)

&quot;Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.&quot;

[Piet Mondrian ] Dutch painter
&#9560;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9571;&#9568;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9563;
invited with SICI (2009-05-04)Love this! Great misty shot.Soberbia
FelicitacionesAmazing.fantastic scope. beautiful shot.crisp. is that from the Canon EF 20mm f/2.8 USM?the silver tone makes more special the picture. It looks a very calm cityMarcus, yep. ND110 attached.ooooh this looks cold. brrrrrr

seen on my contacts latest uploads pagefantastic. it looks amazing..Another 'silent city' beauty.so quiet - I just love it!it does have a peaceful quality...the hint of silver...very stunning work/capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Takara (.... post ....), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful.massavery very nice! it seems there is no distinction between the sky and the sea...fine landscape!!Love this - quite minimalist, so atmospheric.Nagyon szép képek, gratulálok!Thanks.
Köszönöm.mm-hmm.  and just a hint of a vignette.  makes me think of a little cityscape engraved on a sliver box...You were the one who mentioned the nd110. Well, it's vignetting, indeed:) Jinglejingle.latom, szereted a long expot!!! :)No, no, I like the vignette! ;-)incredibleHi, I'm an admin for a group called ohh!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wobderful!!! love this!!!super ethereal shot. u have such a clean and cold point of view! so sophisticated... lovit. =]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Moments [in White], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Superb!!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.yes ana al.first ;p 
fdeeet'ha walla norah ., allah y7f'6ha inshalla ., 
7beet al.edit wayed XD ., 
Oo inshalla doooom hey al.2btsma 3saha matfar8ch (h5)
fav l3yooonhamshalla 3leha  ..

b9ra7a no comment 


FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAV3mrrrry =*
mashallah alf&lt;3 FAV :)May Allah bless her soul insha-allahmashallllacuteeeeeeee
Mashallah7abeeeeeeebty;*your processing is just so phenomenal. i love this, she's a pretty girl. and those eyes wow&lt;37bebtiii♥♥♥♥
mshallah 3laihaaa :::**

3uuuuuuuuuuuuummmmrrry wallah ;*** 
Mashallah 3leeeeeeeeeeeeha ;) 

mashalla soo cuute ;***awww'h ya 3omrii , mashallah la ellah ella allah 
mwah ;***
....Cute Mashallahmasha2alla 3leeha
7lw aleditfdit fdit hal bent fdit 8lbha :''''''''')Cutii 
Thbll Mashalla
Labaa 8lbhaa anaa
7beebtti
(K)(K)

__
Well Taken 
Keep Going ,,!!روعه 

الله يحفظهاThanks guys :&quot;)Fdetha Cute :* Allah y7f`6ha (h5) Mashallah :&quot;)  
Tjnn Mashallah 3leeha =)

  |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Cutee ;*Cuuuute ;*Soo cuteee mashallllaaa 3leehaaaaيا ألبي =$
المعالجة تجننننن
ربي يزيدك
,,FAV ;Dmashallah allah y7f'6haBeautiful Eyes...

mashallah (L)_(L)

Awesome .,cute mashallah i love her eyes&lt;3cuteness mashallah :*ماا شاا الله عليهاا

ربي يحفظهااااا ويخليها لعيون غاليهااا

وبالرااحه فيف

^_^Cute , Mashalla ♥rw3aa mshalla
favMashalla :) ~ !  mshalla! soooo beautiful!!mashalla 3aliha so SO cute

&lt;3Mashallah&lt;3mashallah 
so sweetaya 3laiha, she's soo cute rabi y7f'9hamshallah !
masha2alla 3leeha !!mashalllaaaah sooo cuteeeeemashallaomg this eyes are like 'Bernstein' -beautiful. congrats on explore :)Beautifull !..lovely!!!ماشالله

يهبل الادت رااايق
Mashallag 3leha....
jmellah ....love the softness that comes out of the shot !ربي يحفظها .. لقطة مميزة

Just unbelieveable processing and colour- wow!Such beautiful portrait. Great work.Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.brilliant portrait. =)
yarabby 
mashallah 3laha
Soooo cute
 Ruby y7f'9ha wy5leeha lkom inshallah 

Great editting ,, 
i really love ,, 
soo much ;) Maaaaashallah ;D !! mashalla ♥♥♥♥
3fyh 3la 7md el sha6r el fnan :P:P
trh t5blt walla mo m9dgh enh 5l9na exams X'D
WOHO horrray :PFdeet haay el.Girl wallah &lt;33 7dha 7dha Cuute x$ Mashallah 3leeeha &lt;333 Allah y7f`6ha w y5leeha (h5) :&quot;$explored !!:&quot;) thanksMashallah 3aleeha.. :)
she's so beautiful :*mashallah&lt;3:&quot;)mashallah &lt;3;*Mashalla , she's cute :D
iloved el edit ,, well done great portrait! one of the best i've seenelshot raw3aaaa mashallahAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Jmeeeela Mashallah &lt;33
love the ediit on the eyes :O !! 
she sooo super cute !! chee a7s'ha princess :D !! 
great job (Y) :)Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsBeautiful portrait....just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DSuch a lovely, heartwarming portrait! Light in her eyes is just wonderful!beautifulWoow!!!awesomeUnbelievable portrait.beautiful portrait, the tones are awesomebeautiful portraitAbsolutly Beautifullovely portrait! wonderful eyes!Algo digno de verse


.حلوة ما شاء اللهMAshallah
tyaneen 

allah ye7fa´9ha 
FAVexcelent portrait =) She is so beautifulmashallah 3leha etjaaaanen
fav favHi, I'm an admin for a group called un jour un regard, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very beautiful!! I really love this picture!-

فديت ولد خالتي بس 

اشهد له الذييب 

\
\

[ 1st ] 
[ 1st ] 

1111111111
11
1111111111
11
11
11
11
11
11



اخيرررررررررا 
الفيرسسسسسسست 

صـدت الفـيرسـت 
يآ سلام

♥ 

   يالبية 
والله ~.. 

^^.. 

\

 ان ماكنت ذيب 
انهشت عضمك الذياب~ .. 

\

وابدعت يا احمد ع هاذي الصيدة الحلوة ههههه &lt;&lt;&lt;احساس انة صايد شي يعني هههه

\

 اعجبتني القطة والادت واااااااايد حلو &lt;&lt;&lt;ههههههه ماكني انا الي مسوي الادت 

الله يعطيك الف الف الف الف عافيه ..
وننـتضر الجديد لانـي بعد بكون الفيرست 
وآثـق &gt;&gt; ^.^

ونهآيـتي طبعآ 

[ KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK ] 
[ KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK ] 
[ KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK ] 
[ KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK ] 

F

A

V

\
-


\\

NiiiCe Walla  ..!

RaBY Ya7F97..*

M  A  $  K  Y  N  ~

aKeeeeeD FAV (:

Abda3n i c e ~N!CE p!C......




يعديييك العافيه الذيب

comment new p!c...
مآشآء الله ,,
حلوو الآدت ,,
والله يحفظ الموديل ,,
يعطيك العآفيه ,,

fave * 

=)الله يحفظه ويخليه لعين ترتجيه 
فيفالله يحفظه .~fav


لـعـيـووون هـآلـذيـــبMashallah 
Allah Ya7f'6hوااااو 
ابصراحه حلو

 n!ce 

raw3a 

Comment Me 




AKEEEED FAAAAAAAV~ &lt;333welldone &lt;3 it 
•• لِعْبِـتِـيُے ـآإلْدَّلَـ عْ ••
perfect *_*


yaa laba hljamal ana 

mashalla 3leeh 8amr =Pp

ppl plz say mashala 

oo raby y7fa‘9h

=)♥(¯`'•.¸(¯`'•.¸*♥♥*¸.•'´¯)¸.•' ´¯)♥
яαω3α }},,♥
allah y7f9k
amzing picture !!!
CδмMεnt &amp; nδδtε ρℓz 
♥♥(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´* sh *`'•.¸_)`'•.¸ _)♥♥

Fav ;$

Pweez : 
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46921448@N07/4342108182/]



ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـررووعه والله 

الله يحفظك ويخليك..

كومنت مي بلييز~{Alla Y7f'6h
Mashalla..,explored


Mashallah 3leeh


Allah y7f'9h =)


sure FAV ;$Allah y7f'9h ~مشاءالله عليكـ 

الله يحفظك

ناااايس البكجر والله

تسلم الاياادي

ابدااع !! ابدااع

Keep it f0o0o0g

i hop to see your comment

Well Takenwell done ;) &amp; nice shotLove It ♥** 

UR Pic Is Explore ,, ♥**

Comment Me PLz

www.flickr.com/photos/34772343@N08/4342368649صووه عن الف صووورهـ

لبى قلبك ~~مشالله مشالله

ربي يحفظك

^^nice pic 

coment me plz new picExplore♥♥♥ ( `•.¸♥.. في قمت الابدااااع والله.. ♥ `•.¸ ) ♥♥ 

♥♥♥ ( `•.¸♥.. ربي يحفظكـ.. ♥ `•.¸ ) ♥♥♥ 

♥♥♥ ( `•.¸♥.. رووووعه.. ♥ `•.¸ ) ♥♥♥ 
_____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥_________♥♥♥♥♥♥
____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥______♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥_♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥N!ce P!C♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
______♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_____________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
______________♥♥♥♥♥♥
_______________♥♥♥♥
_______________♥♥♥
______________♥♥
_____________♥
___________♥niceحرحات 

جعل ربي يحفظكMashallah niceFAV&lt;3
soo Amazing 
al p!!C
^^fav=D

Mashaaaaaaaaaaaallah Mashaaaaaaaaaaaallah !

Lbaaaa el-Pic'cha w Elli Feeha &lt;3 :p

Tslam Yadk Ya5ooy 3La hal-shoot :D

Wallah fallah (y) xD

Rbii Y7af'6k w Y7af'6 o5ook .. w y5aleekm L-ahalkm inshallah (fff)





Fav &lt;33 :D !

vary nic☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
　└┐▒▒▒┌┘
!........................................... ...................... !
^_^----------------------------------------- - ^_^
^_^^_^...................................... ....... ^_^^_^
^_^^_^^_^-------------------------- ^_^^_^^_^
^_^^_^^_^^_^....................... ^_^^_^^_^^_^
^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^ ---------^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^
^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^!!^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^ 



´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ňįĉè φīć ««« ♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠

WøÖøÖøW..~ •º ㋡

☻☺▂▃▄▅▆▇█ ⇪

яǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ĉøℳℳêńŧ ɱè φĻz ««« ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦fav

comment mefavMashallah &lt;3Nice pic,,,,,w7777sh mashalh 3llek 

y36ekm alf 3afih 

keep it upin Explore ;) Mbrook :&quot;P Allah y7f`6 el.model (h5) theeeeb ;) =






Mashallah :pp
Allah y7F'9h inshallah oo y5leeeeh 
oo tslm handk 3la altaken @
abda3 wallah .. 
Luuuuuv it wyEed . Keeep it Up oo cooment meh /Amazing 

allah e7fa`6ah ..
Lovely taken &amp; edit

   |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  ماشاء الله
ربي يحفظ المودلMashallah =)
Handsome ;)

Seen in Explore . .alla y7f`9k 


comment  me plZznice p!c

F
A
Vفديتك  ناااايس 
ربي يحفظك
فيف لعيونك
Mashalla ^^ 
FaavMashallah
Fav ;-*mashalla raby y7f6'h ... مااشاء الله ربي يحفظ ويخليه لكم ان شاء الله .. 

والى الاماام .. مبدع والله ^^exelent (L)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called It's Not About You (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Oh so delicate capture!... just lovelythat is truly amazing. What beautiful depth of field and selective focus.  Very impressive!that is an absolutely impressive composition ... bravoGorgeous!such tight DOF...like a tiny macroscopic landscape.
the light is magnificent.amazing.Brilliant use of negative space, rich organic tonality and mesmeric mood. This type of smashing macro shot is back-breaking...both for you with your face to the ground and these poor sprouts.So delicate, interesting compo, really lovely shot!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Fantastic! Love the title!!Overload is right!  What a find Bettina!! The drops are larger than the moss!!  hanging under the weight!  Great use of negative space also!!

Thanks for you sweet comment on my Gallery!  So nice of you to take a look..:-)  Have a Great week!lovely capture, beautiful macro!Perfection. The colours and details are simply stunning.Love it!Brilliant shotThis is the most stunning photographing I have seen ALL morning!!! WOW...just beautiful in every way!!!  I love the detail and the light is just perfect. I won't be around much today, going up north a bit to visit my niece! (:  m-Cracking macro!!!!Beautiful macro Bettina, the clarity of the water drops is stunning :)))
Don't you love this lens... :)))OMG that is so exquisitely perfect B!!!!so lovely - love the space...wow, this is awesome.  How do you find these lovely treasures!!Wow, tiny beads of life.I don't think I ever will get overloaded with photos from you! You are capable of making the most beautiful macro's of things a lot of people even wouldn't see. This one is great because it has a fantastic focus on the drops/plants, and the colours and dof are, as usual, in complete harmony with the subject! Not to mention the way you placed the subject in the photo...Amazing capture,spectacular shot.A brilliant shot !hee hee- I just took a picture of this plant too (not as purty tho). I wish I knew the name.Wow, this is awesome. Love the tones and composition.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wow, awesome macro! love the pov hereThis is just awesome.. such a great shot - great work :)Meravigliosa !!!wow
this is beautiful
and it has the most amazing composition ever :)
love the tones

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)A photograph is neither taken nor seized by force. It offers itself up. It is the photo that takes you. I was taken by this shot.What for an amazing macroshot!

Just perfect!

Great shot! Please add your photo to the

Forest Art Project 
PLEASE REMEMBER TO COMMENT ONE PHOTO FOR EVERY POST YOU MAKEyou take my breath away with this photo

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )well done...Great photo and caption.Wow...just love this one.Perfect shot !

Congrats on Explore !An amazing shot of nature's wonder! :-)Oh my! One of the most stunning photographs I have ever seen. You and nature have created magic.~~♥ ♥ ♥~~
this is exceptional...and did read explore??
congrats...because even though I have some thoughts about explore...
this one is deserving of some outside exposure.
Beautifully seen and executed!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)i am always amazed with all of your uploads! seriously, you don't have one picture on flickr that isn't amazing! (this one included)yeh...i could look at this macroscape again and again...
i think you must be &quot;The bokeh Whisperer&quot;!
i have faved so many of your images, but this one seems so self contained and complete. it's Epic on a Macro scale. it's enigmatic i know, but i hope you see what i mean.a great macro... you have a great eye for detailGreat capture.Superb shot, great compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)hands clapping for you on this one!
one of the best water drop images I have seen!Very Very BeautifulSuch incredible detail and composition. Fantastic macro work.Calm ! Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Spectacular find and photo!

Seen on Explore 02-08-10Lovely shot, amazing detail and DoF!Ooh but they are still holding on. Love this shot. The teeny tiny plants are so beautiful.This is stunning .. I want your lens !!  I don't think I've ever seen a water drop with this shape .. just lovely.아름답습니다.Love the composition on this! All that soft bokeh makes these little guys look even more delicate and precious!StunningBeautiful details and colors an excellent macro!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Yay for donkey love on your drooping droplets! :) Congrats!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Excellent macro! Amazing detail!NIcely done.I love the depth of fieldPerfection. :o)Fantastic capture!Wow! Great capture and title :)

Seen on FluidrI appreciate your vivid imagination.Amazing and so beautiful!stunning shotThis is such a delightful find.Wonderful!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Nice focus. Good shot.
Well done on explore x

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Such heavy heads!Fantastic.You must have got a little wet too!Great title for a great shotMyGardenSchool Awards

This first class photo has won an award from MyGardenSchool 


Please tag your photo with “MyGardenSchool” &amp; click the poppy to post it to the MyGardenSchool GroupHi, I'm an admin for a group called Still Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Oh love this!sweet macro!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)So beautiful!  I like the negative space at the top. Very good!What a fresh and intimate scene. Really nice work.

Seen on FluidrI'm sure everybody else has told you this by now....but this is SOOO good!masterful capture
I think your photo is great
You're invited to join us at
 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 
1 photo per day - no invite needed - please follow the ruleswow, this is just perfect... the framing of the photo gives a sense of drama to these tear laden little saplings... spot on light and focus...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called picture poems           *Flickr's Best-kept Secret*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fabulousVery good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.This is amazing! What macro should be. Fave!amazing macro!Stunning!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)very nice composition!Pretty shot, so delicate and beautiful.Brilliant, Doll. I love everything about this. I specially love the way you see the world!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GOTAS :: DROPS &quot;&quot;&quot;NO ARTIFICIAL OBJECTS&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful image...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Polaris  (Post 1 - Award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!seen on Explore
wonderful!Sometimes it's just too much.
:)  Your recent posts are amazing.  I count this one as one of the best.Great Shot!!!
Where is this shot from?Spectacular image. And I'm sad, too.Wow great shot.I deleted my original comment because I mis-read your description!   What a fantastic shot, Tom!  No more night launches?  Glad you got this while you could!You ARE the obsessive photographer....nice....what time did you capture this?Wonderful reflections and great streak!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?) THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.Great shot~) outstanding work !This is just astounding!  Can't stop looking!  AMAZING!  Great job!Great shot!Amazing Capture!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Excellent capture.Oh!!! This is beautiful my friend.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)WOW!!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.This is Really An Excellent Photo


An Award and Invitation from *RefleXionS* Group!
You are invited to join and add this excellent photo to
 *RefleXionS* group’s poolCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2215858...wow, one great moment in time!Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22710

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)WOW!!Outstanding shot!
Great work!
--
seen in exploreAmazing :)great capture!Wow wonderful capture, well done.  Seen in Explore :o)wow o_OWhat a fitting image to have as a memory of the last night launch. Excellent, and well deserving of Explore............................kenAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.this is fantastic, RIP space shuttle only a few more months of your loyal service leftWooo - the reflection is fantastic.Love it.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Superb shot and reflection. Wow!

Seen on FluidrGreat image.Absolutely fabulous shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Nice!!True amazing capture! Thank you!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Awesome picture! And sad at the same time!great shot! bravo!!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.wow! fantastic shot!Interesting shot, I really like it
--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)wow.. just wow... no words to describe...

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Please add this picture to the STS-130 Flickr Group.

I think this would be the first one in our group from Tampa.Beautiful capture.Beautiful..!!!well captured, nice reflectiondam nice photothis is great! i love the tones and the composition!i'm proud of you too!
for a last second photo, this is really great, jordan!
i love how serene and calming the atmosphere is! :)awh, i wanted to be first :'(
i was lurking your stream just so i could
but hey now, i loveeee the tones and the way that her hair contrasts with the sky. i even love the anonymousity of it all. (yeah thats not even a word)Love love love....congrats on making it to 39 and many more. I see another FP here!The colors in your photos are so striking, especially this one!this is beautiful and i love the wind in the hair!@ Lauren
what you don't love this?
:Dthis is gorgoeus.
really.
and i do basically have a schedule on weekdays for my 365 as weird as it sounds.
you get used to it. it just becomes a part of your day.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!even though this may be last minute it is insanely beautiful.the sky looks so pretty!very nice!last second picture??
looks greattt to me!Great tones of the sky. 
You never fail to disappoint me. I always get excited when there is a new photo from you. You're an amazing photographer, you seem to know how to execute every single picture perfectly---even you're rushed ones. You inspire me to become a better photographer :Dthe colors are incredible
regardless of being last-second, it is excellentImogen.
&lt;3i love imogen heap (:
this is gorgeousss jordani am in love with your 365 so far and the colors that always pop in your photos.Wow, this is so amazing.I think this is great :)
love the tones!beautiful tones!why are you so GOODthis is awesomeLovely!incredible!I love your 365, every single one of them is awesome and the colours are amazing. I wished I could shoot such photos like you.
Best wishes.the tones are beautiful :)hello lakefront?
&lt;3lindagreat one!the tones are too good :)this is lovely.oooh, I looove the gradient!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.gorgeous tones!Wow!!! Absolutely stunningcool…!Fantastic composition, great action blurs!!wow - lots of movement and depth herethird degrees meetingStemmige plaat Hans......beslist heel mooi.....!well done, Hans !Radarfalle ;-)
Tolle Stimmung, wirklich klasse gemacht. Die Atmosphäre eines dunklen Nebeltages einzufangen, ist gar nicht so leicht.TTTelegraph roaTTTTYour conception and execution of these photos is admirable - spectacular composition and brilliant timing.Mooie foto's:) 

En mooie Audi TTpure tristesse........!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great shot!Wow, cool!...wieder mal richtig gewartetBeautiful tonality throughout this image Hans ; light and mood are absolutely perfect ! Brilliant !Prachtig de rechte weg, de vier bomen in de verte, en de auto die als electriciteit wegzoefd!MagnificaEen flits in de duisternis.incredible my friendGreat timing..and the composition is perfect as always.Your compositions always intrigue...Fassinerend Hans, hoe je van deze saaie omgeving een boeiende plaat hebt weten te maken!

Brazilië? Ja, een soort vrijwillegerswerk! ;-))cool action-shot :) SuperbExcellent movement effectMooie timing. En dat er dan zo'n auto langs komt.Een super road pic - de  TT heeft een zeer fraai decor hier!Very misty!
Love the mood and atmosphere!!!
Beautiful composition, Hans!!!
Wish you a great evening!great shotWow !!!!!A speedy Audi!

GRTZ.BEN
Leuke avond ;-)Fantastic shot !
I also agree with NGR .... and I would like understand Dutch language ...:-)ein klasse sw Foto!Love the simplicity of the composition. Works well!really beautiful!Mooie lijnen!beauty!!!!An interesting and nicely shot image... truly appreciate your sharing it


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so nice!Very well composed!
I like the mouvement!i love the composition. the road diversion and the car speeding straight. not to mention your excellent command on your exposures!great shot! perfect timing..like how the blury car matches the overall misty mood of the image.. :)beautiful compositionaahhh Uve never fail me my friendwow... still beautiful capture.beautiful monochrome + this mist  = gives a superb atmosphere and i like this little touch with the speed car !!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)excellent blurry effect.  well done!Fantastic photo !telegraph road... nice in B/W with a blur!!Cool photo...I like the motion of the car.sat sri akal, dear 
Wow..that is a fantastic piece of work...love the light and composition...instant fav for me!...No snow, no bicycles... ;-)) Love this b&amp;w treatment. It gives a great perspective to this beautiful clever composition.perfect timing.the motion blur of the car and the monochrome tones work too well here.. superb compositionLeuke Z/W foto. De omgeving past goed bij de auto (of andersom)Knap werk.zo simpel maar ooh zo mooi !
complimenten  HansLove that action shot!wat een superplaat; doet bijna amerikaans aan 
Je timing en compositie zijn zoals altijd weer subliem, vast weer een explore!Jolis jeux de communications.Mooie lijnen!Excellent shot..!  Have a good Tuesday, my friend..!!))That's a cool image!het juiste moment gepakt!Wonderful panning shot in b/w.I like the car in motion, great capt.Prachtig!Con los matices de gris que son marca de la casa :)Awesome capture!Una composición muy buena y el ambiente perfectamente captado.Great shot!Beetje donker, maar wel heel sfeervol!Great motion capture. Beautiful tones!Gut beobachtet. 
Seen on your photo stream. (?)excellent.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Great composition and timing!Lovely fog...and that car is not bad =P Lovely shot =)cool composition and movementGreat speed effect and moody lighting!Mooi stemmige plaat, mooie compositie!Brilliant.....a moving moment in time, love your images.
Thank you for the visit.Very nice this image. Beautiful B.W as well. Nicely done!Great impact and depth in this shot. I like it.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthGreat !Great capture!gorgeous with the TT in motion!!the best gallery ever!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Wanderlust, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing Monochrome Shot :)But the Audi isn't a bad subject either... I mean instead of the power lines;) Nicely taken and a great mood somehow. Like it!Awesome atmosphere! Beautiful motion blur!Such a great catch Hans ... absolutely perfect!Perfect shot...
i loved this composition...
Amazing!!!very melancholic mood - wonderfully composed and taken!!fraaie opname hans!!:) melancholic image for the beginning of week :)

Oh it's Tuesday! :)

Hans, I'm loving your catch here!wow, love the blurred TT and the fog! wonderful photo!Beautiful photograph.FastAUDI  TT....or not....
very nice i like this .....Otro de tus muchos paisajes mixtos muy cuidado y con ese buen difuminado por la niebla.
Saludos.great perspective.. love the slow shutter shot here!actie - mist - avond, alles-in-1, knap werk!Prachtig, goeie titel, zal zo die CD eens opzetten!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  SCHITTA  Fotoclub, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice shot! Great timing!waar gat die naar toe, kon wel haast hebben!
Maar jij hebt hem in ieder geval mooi vastgelegd.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DGeweldige plaat !!!
Leuke titel... passend ook... en dit zou een mooie hoes zijn voor Dire Straits' song &quot;Telegraph Road ;-))cool…!perfect captured . great b&amp;w treatment .Título evocador para una imagen repleta de profundidad y estatismo en contraposición al rápido movimiento del vehículo. Estupenda, un saludo.Good advert for Audi? Lovely tones of grey Hans........lovely composition...................amazing ... and nice reminder of that lovely Dire straits song :-)beweging in de stilte .. mooi vastgelegd!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Mooie motion blur vermengd met de mistige omgeving, top vondst !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Een knaller..................jou moment.....mijn droomauto.

Je ziet het,...............................gewoon een kwestie van geduld.

Topper en Explore..................why not...;-))

JanKnap Hans ! 
Schitterend snelheid gesuggereerd , de auto komt echt in je foto gevlogen ! Mooie lijnen ook :-))excelent shot :DReally great shot, congratsLos árboles del fondo, con esa neblina, redondean la magnífica foto!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Fantastic composition, cool capture - love the moving carlove it!!!!Great effect here !wow spookily cool. Really great old 50's crime feel to the shotGave plaat van een grijze dag......mooi gedaan weer !!prachtig ! great composition ! nice grey tones !

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wicked tones, I love the movie feel
borders. The action blur fits so well. Well done on explore x ;-)

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Looks like an Audi TT..  Love it..A drive-by shooting... ;-)Brilliant motion and lighting!
Cheers,beautiful  horizontal  lines  of  the  field  at  the  back, of  the  road  in the  middle, of  the  car  speedily  passing  by, of  the electric lines , and  the  mist   in the  background   washed  down  the  trees  so  perfectly..fantastic  picturegreat capture! wonderful photo!!WOW ! Great shot !niCe p!CBeautiful image !!Great composition. I really like the tonality.Fantástica!!!  Gosto muito da acção e da acalmia da paisagem!!!

Parabéns!Mooi en stijlvol!Super!Dreigend, omineus!Beautiful composition...  and car :-)




I'll probably post this one separately later ^ahhh the colors and flares

so lovelyahhh the light and flares are just so so amazing!ooooh i love the flares, theyre perfect!!! :)wooow la luz es impresionante:)the light is so wonderful :)this lighting and lens flare is sick! i love all of them!ahh i love all of these
and the ligh is poifect (:nice flares!love love love the lighting
and her expression
and her name tooloving that smile :)  
do you live in dc?sunflare!!!! &lt;3
wait is this film?Cute girl, cute name, and awesome flare!the lighting and flare are gorgeous
you've been churning out really great shots lately :)awesome flare!love the flare!oh she's cute with those braces! and the lighting is great, of courseAmazing lighting.omg the lighting and the flares are gorgeousssssthis is gorgeous! the light and flare are amazing!ah beautiful flare :]
great shotsLovely.ah thank you so so much! :) 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cadrin92/] haha yeahp. and I swear everyone here is like scared of snow and don't know what to do when we get an inch let alone 30.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/brennapercyphotos/] nope, digital :) I wish it were though.. but I left my film camera in my school locker and since they keep canceling school, I can't get it -_-love the lighting and the flare! and woww. that's quite a bit of snow.beautiful shot
the sun flares are absolutely flawless
i love the light outlining her hair, it's gorgeous:O :O :O

superbbbb flares :)Nice series of images.these are really cute!!aw, beautiful! love the smile, and of course the light!there are to many amazing element here to list.. but the color in the flares is just incredible!me and my daddy went to get another shovel for tomorrow but walmart was out, gosh darnet! hahahah. be prepared for more snow! woo.. 

I love this light :) it was nice today but a tad windythis is.. delicious! i love this photo, thats such a genuine smile :)The lens flare on the last one is wonderful.Beautiful, the light, the lens flare, everything.the pink flare &lt;3&lt;3Such a cute girl and I love those sun flashes!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)you definitely captured the mood...i am a sucker for lens flares, and i really like how it appeared in this picture. awesome lighting as well!that lovely low warm light! so jealous :)the sun flares are amazing, and with the snow oh my gawddddddddd.

amazing :Dthis is amazing.

jade's my car's name :Ploooove the sunflare :D
and i like her name too :)why are you so incredible?!Too cuteoh my god, the tones and just fjefoguows EVERYTHING! this is incredible&lt;3Love that flare!1. all that snow looks amazing.
2. her smile is contagious.
3. that flare makes me want to faint.

(:Ah the flares! To die for.The light is so lovely.Jade should be thankful to you for bringing the best out of her! Thank you very much for the shot!Light is incredible in this :)these sunflares are amazing!!the light is just outstanding!!the lighting and sun flares are amazing!!
so beautiful :)the sun flares. &lt;3What an interesting capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.LOVE the flairrss. amazing.this is so beautiful! i love the light so much.the light !!!  is so amazing !..
i love it :)LOVE!wow this is beautifulYalba oo lba gllb elly 5lany {elfirst} :$:P
a7bcch walla adore youh yab3d kkly enty 
amoot'ch anna =P&lt;333
amazing pic yaro7y :*:*
keep up ya7llwwwa ;P- ♥♥♥&lt;3 Abd3ti fdeetch ;) (kkkk),Fdeeit almowhb elly bdt t6l3 ;) :p 
:* a7bichAlllllllllllaaaay tjnn :O 7ilw elcolor &lt;3 
miss Your face elsm7 :Pperfect photo &amp; so nice sunglsessRebano. 
tlbeeeeeeeee.Ch walla :| &lt;3
w ana amooot fee.Ch ♥♥♥♥*Peacea  
hhhhhhhh tlbee.Ch almwahhhb :p
a333sh8.Ch &lt;3* Cute.Heart 
hhh nfsss.Ch :$
7beebtii walla :|(L) , miss yeew moooore :(H E M O
thaQ &lt;3El.piiic MOOOOT &lt;3333333

ya lba bs :p

mashalla 3lech fnana






misss you waaaaaaaaaayd A7biiiiiiiich &lt;3 No comment -_____-'!!
A7biich Ya 7mara' ρяίиcεѕsα.нαsσσsα 
&lt;3 :$:$&lt;3Roxie ♥♥
ammmmmooooooooooooooooooooooooot fee.Ch a5tiiiiiiii :$&lt;3Noxie ♥♥ 
afaa leeeeh:( ?!
a3sh8.Ch :|:@niceya lbba alpiinnk bss..

love you mariam..=$@@A7laa ylPink &lt;3
niCe.. 

Fdeeeet il-Glasees Walla ;pP
Haii My Fave Color &lt;33
A7biiiiiiiiiiiich ;$ ! ~


 Nice alColor ;Pنايس شوتwlll,aha:P
y5ii abd3tiii:|
9ra7a y36eech al3fiia
ma8drr 3hlBdaa3:|
Marryyyoom al3nzz
trrra amottt feeeeeeeeeeeech:|(LL) :**
umoooooooooooo7 llch:|:$سو نايس الصراحه


ماقول غير انك (( مــبــدع ))؛♥

Well done 7ayaatieee :$
&quot;Love You&quot; 

في وسط روحي دوم سآڪن . . .غلآڪم    ♥♥♥


MissYouMinGlb!! &lt;//333a7777bch
Rw3a
Love u Mreom ح0Miss Youh :&quot;(بحبببببك مووت ;P2llli lovely One ♥
Poshya My Favrite colur yaay amaziing ♥
w Nice Taken Hun 7beet 2lpic Kteer so Faved 7booba ;$♥♥ya 3anii 3ala al.piink 
faaav &lt;//♥Congratulations for the explore!!!!Wayfarer ROXWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.ya56eeera abd333333ti 
FAAAVLove you Maryoom
And So Niice sunglsessoriginal shot and work, seen on explore :-)Maryaaaam =|

7ayaaatttiii Miss you =&quot;(

رفييق عمري ما تنـآسيييت ذكـرآآه ، لـه فدوة روحي و عيني و حشـآيا My M

&lt;333333333el.color *.*abda3tii 7yatii &lt;333jeeba ;)LoveYou;*fdaiithhm anaa :Pp
i love u mariiiaam (L)!!
:$So Beauteful
Comment MeGreat trails shot.  Wonderful comp with the vanishing point and the exposure is solid.nice light trail again...

i believe this is another view of what you get earlier in ur post...

cheers mate.Yes.... great angle with lovely streaks of lights.Wonderful work !
Congratulations.love the row of stars!Great Photo!!!Nice lighting and great angle :)Superb - have a great week!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called It's Not About You (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wonderful shot my friend, have a nice day !!really different one. very nice!very nice picturesuperb capture.. well doneAnd this is a nice one!! Thank you...excellent angle, and the white, desaturated colours really work well with the snownice one, great shot!fascinating angle..nice work here!Very original angle, a beautiful capture!great angle, I really like all those lines!Really amazing Light &amp; Focus !!awesome angle and exposure! the lights look great!haha this is a really sweet pic. i like it !Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.nice.  I like how the color matches on the bridge and the light on the bottom right.wonderful composition! great work!I like how you tilted the camera to fit everything in. Sweet pov too.superb angle and lightFabulous!  Love the light trails and the angle - it's fabulous!!It makes all the difference.Different approach Simon!beautiful!
that is some amazing milky waterMan!!!! That water movement is very very good!Wow.. love it.Great shot!Fantástica ! Um fotografia maravilhosa !great rain clouds :)Great stuff makes you want to reach out and touch the silky water.well caught, I like the flow over that rockAwesome shot!! Very beautiful - I love the GND Filter shots and have just otday bought some!
Great work.



 Superb!
 Beaut shot - LOVE that waterflow over the rock. Awesome!Great shot Mel, the waterfall/movement is just right... so well done, nice.Complimenti la tua foto e' bellissima!!!
This shot is wonderful!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/35599938@N08/3405620854/]
Visto su:
In viaggio con la mia Nikon
Seen in:
In travel with my Nikon
www.flickr.com/groups/inviaggioconlamianikon/That's a real beauty!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 자연사랑사진사랑, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow great work congrats on explore!Wow !Awesome wave movement!!!!!!!Wonderful!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Excellent photo.

Seen in 1-2-3 LandscapesHi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Seen in 1-2-3 Landscapes.


The water element in the foreground is eye-catching. Well done.I love the water pouring over the rock, so soft looking.  Lovely just lovely. I also like the moody clouds in the background.  Just beautiful!  Thanks for posting it! :)

1 st ;) 
fdaaaaaatch 'Dana i will miss u ;P;P 
love u wayeed wayeed (Lll) ♥♥

about alphoto ; so amazing and good taken ;D fav l3yoonch 
nice shot&lt;33


Amazin Shot ..~wallah mshta8a l hl mkan &lt;\3
&lt;33nice shoot :*Amazin Shot *  .  *&lt;3 مــكه مــكان له آلقلب يــشتااق 
 
I &lt;33 Maka 

Amazing

Nice

Commentamazing shoot ;D  ;; FAV&lt;3  akeeeeeed 'FAVraaaaaaw3a (love this photoo ;)

fave ;**♥♥♥



ياا زين هالمكاااان

Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaav ♥amazing shoooooot walla  &lt;3;;Niiiice 
Keep Going
Comment Me plzzz + NoteNice ~Amazing Shot !very nice &lt;3&lt;33333 NiCeAmaz!nG
- n!!ce p!!c keep it up 
- 2bdaa3 mashalla &lt;33333***
- 
-comment me pleezA.M.S

afdaaaaach amooola 
miss you too 7yatii =&quot;(
looooove yoooooou 
&quot;amoooolaa&quot; (Lll)
(kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk)

thnxx 7yatii **thnnnx all 
(Lll)Nice pic

Comment me plz 

www.flickr.com/photos/roseqatar/4337682549/-Wooow very Niice 
Faaaaaaaaaaaaaavabda33333

comment meawh, jamellahياللهـ 
مشتاقه للحرم وبقوووهـn!ce pic 

comment meAmazing shoot ;**
FAVNiCE 

coment meالله احلى مكان


كومنت مي بليزthnxxxx alll 
(Llll)

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـر


Fav ~`

=] !

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sushi-/4338425355/] 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
¦♥¦«Ni!i!icƏ »¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«keep going »¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«Rαω3α»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«abda3»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«WooØooW»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«зℓα 8αℓpi ωαℓℓα»¦♥¦ 
●
¦♥¦«abda3 fi abda3»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«Dooм  αℓ-3ℓαℓï »¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«AMAZING»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«кεερ !ŧ ƒoOo8»¦♥¦
●
¦♥¦«Ni!i!i!i!Ce pic Malha 7aℓ»¦ .
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ňįĉè φīć =D ««« ♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠

☻☺▂▃▄▅▆▇█ ⇪

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ќèéφ įŧ űφ ««« ♣♣♣♣♣♣♣♣

☻☺▂▃▄▅▆▇█ ⇪*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ĉøɱɱêńŧ αŋđ ňøŧé ɱè φĻz ^^&quot; ««« ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ňįĉè φīć =D ««« ♠♠♠♠♠♠♠♠

☻☺▂▃▄▅▆▇█ ⇪

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» Ќèéφ įŧ űφ ««« ♣♣♣♣♣♣♣♣


(`'•.¸(` '• sO •'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.*Nic ...
╬═♥╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬ 
╬♥═╬ 
╬═♥╬ 『 WOW ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 Great work ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 This is so FAB ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 keep going .. =) 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 Best work ever ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬ ... 

aby aroo7 ='Pp




commet menic pic



www.flickr.com/photos/km_/4334335878/in/photostream/ماشاء الله

الله يتقبل

الصورة قمة في الروعةCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3176350...great !! really nice !Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~ 
Explore~Very nice shot, iv got a few photos from my umrah trip aswell, check it out if you want to :)thnnnnx all ;**Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22658

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Seen in Explorenice pic

shloon swarty mmnoa ahnk♥(¯`'•.¸(¯`'•.¸*♥♥*¸.•'´¯)¸.•' ´¯)♥
♥♥(¯`'•.¸(¯`'•.¸**¸.•'´¯)¸.•'´ ¯)♥♥
----==--raw3AAaAa ---==----
(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´*♥♥♥♥*`'•.¸_)`'• .¸_)
♥(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´*♥♥*`'•.¸_)`'•. ¸_)♥
♥♥(_¸.•'´(_¸.•'´**`'•.¸_)`'•.¸ _)♥♥
Comment me please =)
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`........♥#########♥
.....♥#############♥
...♥###############♥
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥
..♥##################♥..........♥#########♥
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥
.........♥################♥################♥
...........♥###############################♥
..............♥############################♥
................♥#########################♥
..................♥######################♥
....................♥###################♥
......................♥#################♥
........................♥##############♥
...........................♥###########♥
.............................♥#########♥
...............................♥#######♥
.................................♥#####♥
...................................♥###♥
.....................................♥#♥
.......................................♥


~{ واااااااااااااااو !♥!

~{ ناااااااايس بكجر !♥!

~{ ابداااااع +بداااااع !♥!

~{في قمت الروووووعه !♥!

~{ على قلبي والله ربي يحفطم !♥!

~{ تسلم الايااادي والله !♥!

~{ يعطيهم الف الف الف عااافيه !♥!

~{ ياروحي عليهم الله !♥!

~{ وعلى بدعاتهم الروووعه !♥!

~{ ولا تحرومنا من ابداعاتكم !♥!

~{ كيب اااااااااب ااااااات!♥!it is every true muslim is deser to atleast once go to this holy place so as mainfav768
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!wow !
masha2 allah :)مشالله ومبروك الظهور على الصفحة الاولىso  beautiful :) 
I wish I was there :)alllllllllay ;O&lt;33333333 my best place (L)&lt;33Amazingthnnnnnnx all **
(Llll)great photographyWhen I was there 10 years ago, cameras were not allowed in. I didn't dare sneak one in cause I didn't want the guards to confiscate my camera. Wish I had though...

Nice shot =)
Mashallah

Raw3a
raw3a 

cOMMent Mee PLzZnice picture

comment me please..

www.flickr.com/photos/41472159@N04/4279622692/kaabaروعه روعه روعه
تسلم يمناج

الله يرزقنا بزيارتها قريب ان شاللهجميلة جداً هالصوره 
أهنيك على هالأختيار الموفق
وللعلم تم الوصل لهذه الصورة عن طريق الرابط التالي
www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Gorgeous shot, love the PoV.wonderful shot!!:)Beautiful  focus and perspective. I love the softness of the photo as a whole.stunning!strobist? natural light or what?Really like the angle, the lighting, the old-time stylin'.  Very sweet photo.oh soo pretty!these are so delicate and lovely. :)The lighting is so soft and delicate, it goes so perfectly with everything.omfg allegra you are the most amazing photographerawesome capture....wow!you have a gorgeous stream!oh thank god youre back.
and this is absolutely fantastic, the lighting and her face and the pearls.beautiful portraitBeautiful portrait, I love the angle and pose. Lovely tones and composition too.wonderful portrait!!, I like her face :D:)*beautiful...great portrait....great expressions lovely modelNice contrasting backdrop for the picture.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)PV, grt shot and all the best in your new step to model photography.Nice portrait... Like the BGwonderful shot !!!nice shotSuperb!wawoooGreat capturenie capture :)wht kind of lighting did u use here ?Deepa : Vivitar 285hv @ 1/16 power, mounted to camera hot-shoe and bounced to roofLovely shot.Very good portrait, I like the lighting and the model.gud frame.. liked the lightingloved the background too!Very very nice portrait and set-up. Very pro!wow.. gorgeous !niceGorgeous portrait!nice onenice fill in under the eyes.very good shot.Good portrait work.Well lite.striking face and great colours. BG helps in highlighting.ek number re...sri...Nice..Srijith although i love the photograph in general and how the model pops off the background, i think the bare arm is heavily distracting. 
please refer this: jzportraits.home.att.net/chapter-01.htmlVery nicereally nice :)This is nice..thankyou all for the encouragement.
shibu_ml: appreciate your input and you are correct. these are the things to be careful next time. :) thanks for the link.This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthawesome colors!!! but the face is  lit more rite ??Nice car..:-) and nice model too..
Good catch.Good portrait, but I am more interested in the details of the car!Nice..the fill i was speaking of here was under the eyes - since you said you bounced the flash. usually bounced flash gives you raccoon eyes. but this doesn't have that. My fill that i explained on my page is more about fill against a brighter background.wowWonderful!i love the outlines of your hairI agree with natalie kucken, the lighting behind your hair is perfect.awesome how it's both dark and light!love this. gorgeous.
oh and yeah, agree with ^^absolutely gorgeous light! incredible!!! =]you are so beautiful.
i love your stream. 
and the light is so beautiful in thisyoure absolutely beautiful
please
keeeeep posting selfies!

i loveee the tones in this
and the lightttlove the lighting hereThe light is heavenly. HaahaI love the lighing here.
Great shot!the light is gorgeous.very pretty (:
and i agree, the light is gorgeousthe lighting is so beautifulfreakin yes, this light!
one of my favorites from you, allieI love the light silhouette!The light through your hair is gorgeous :)great lightI freaking love this :Dlight light light
this is lovelythe light behind your hair is
adsfkl;
amazing to say the leasti love this light, wow. i love the way it lights up the tips of the grass. i love the tones. i love this photo.wow what a gorgeous photo!
the flares are awesome and i love how,
even though there is so much light,
there is so much shadow.
just brilliantyou have crazy beautiful hair.beautifulwow this is really beautiful! : )Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dwow ..!!!
thats really beautiful;)
loved it :)lovelyThis is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is so beautiful
the lighting is stunningHi, I'm an admin for a group called Do you want to be in Wonderland?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Hidden yet beautiful, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful.you are so good at tones;) just recall me a call I just made to a good friend ; I woke her up by inadvertence. In fact every time I call I woke her up. Why does she answer first of all. -- end of personal thought due to your quote...

Love the reflection on the top right and those ripple are just amazing. Real good shot. Bravo.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?) ditto that - seriously.sea &lt;3333333this is looovely.
you really are great with tones :)Ah, so so lovely and peaceful. I can almost hear the waves! :DTwo words: serene and faved : ]very beautifully captured.
im in a terrible mood right now, and this photo has an extreme calming effect on me.Gorgeous. I love the tones.this is beautiful! it looks so calm! i love the tones(:amazing capture. i adore the tones.this quote is so so so true! love the pic :)wonderful cool work!Love the tones!Wow the tones are out of this world!!wow. :-o
the finest wave :Dwonderful tones and the water is so surreal! it's like a very thick layer of dark chocolate with awesome lighting!The EDIT :O ah wowness loved the way of your shooting this shoot ;)this is just brilliant!good job :)wave!
i love it!So lovely.beautiful tones!amazing tones!...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolAwesome Captureditto to everyone, your tones are always so perfectyou're so good at thinking of titles!Amazing image ... congrats on exploreGorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.wonderfuli'm speechless. it's incredible.powerfull and simple shot! the best combination ever.iWOWowowowOWOWOWOWOWWOWWWWWOOOOOWW!
most amazing photo i have seen in aaagggeees!Amazing, very nice colors and tones! Just great!!lovely tones !gorgeousAhh my aisha &lt;333 , gonna miss you more حyatii &lt;/3 ,
B7bbk kteer ya2lbii :* ,  shoshness : كـل يـوم و كـل يـوم آنـت غيـر فـي عيـني
w elshot chee (Y) , more than amazing , sure it's a fave (LL) B777bbk 2wwwwwee (Ll) ;** Nice Takin 7bebty .**

FAAv

Nice Awh Ya lbaa Fnch ana &lt;33
Evry Day Loviich More and More , i cant Describe My Love walla
Nothing Can Describe My Love To youh &lt;33
شفتش ويومها وقلبي تورط يبييش ومايبي غيرش تشررط !! :Pp
Oo Sure Fav ;*** Abd3tty shoshness
Sure Fav
&lt;3 u 7yatii
:**A7biish Wajd Wrbi &lt;33&lt;3 el.word's alot
well done yaGalbi :** Ly (L)

Amazin'&lt;3&lt;3 Great shot &lt;3 !in exploreLy:**Mabrook 3l.Explore &lt;33lovelyThanks 'nd love you  all :** 
reem.tii : amoot feech :**اكرررهج  :P
3jeeeba 2l Pic &lt;33sure it will go to my fav &lt;3! Faved &lt;3&lt;3 BB 

faveMiss`ing You ='(Thanks all :** 
arlena : hate you more @@ 
ray[betho] : miss you more 7bebtii =&quot;(
 Lovee you zrr8tiii lbaa bsss 
 Feedat RHA Gonna Miss herr 
 Feedat youu aginnn (L)&lt;3 stunninglove uraw3awell done ;*Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.♥♥♥Great &lt;3 !LoooveYoou :**
Miss Yoou 7bebtii &lt;/3 !!A7biiich Ya 3ssssl anty ;*
Loveya &lt;33 !Mk ; Afdach &lt;33 , w gonna miss you more yaRoo7i *_* :*I must ask: 

I see these kind of shots all over Explore and to be honest I don't understand what is interesting about them.   It is not even a good product shot.  

Kindly explain to me what's up?7bet elwords &lt;3ExploredThanks all :** 
mk:fdeet'ch 9frtii &lt;33 :**
foofness:amoot fech ya 8mr ♥_♥!!faav@ r.AI (-)  
exactly.. terrible composition.
I'm not trying to be mean,
I'm being honestGreat &lt;3A3sh8cch Shoshness :**
A7bcch RHA ;**
Miss You Both =''( !!Nice ~w thanks again &lt;3 Amazing ♥b7bk ;) ♥rheebahn!Ce p!C 
……..*..lovel…* 
…..*..lovelovelo…* 
…*..lovelovelove….* 
..*.lovelovelovelove…*…………….*….* 
.*..lovelovelovelovelo…*………*..lovel….* 
*..lovelovelovelovelove…*….*…lovelovelo.* 
*.. lovelovelovelovelove…*….*…lovelovelo.* 
.*..lovelovelovelovelove…*..*…lovelovelo…* 
..*…lovelovelovelovelove..*…lovelovelo…* 
…*….lovelovelolovelovelovelovelovelo…* 
…..*….lovelovelovelovelovelovelov…* 
……..*….lovelovelovelovelovelo…* 
………..*….lovelovelovelove…* 
……………*…lovelovelo….* 
………………*..lovelo…* 
…………………*…..* 
………………….*..*……..*..
Ohh Reem Drb ilSlama
Gonna Miss U Alot Walla
Take Care &amp;
Hade Fun
Loveyou Shoshness &amp; RHA.I love shots like this. Full of atmoshere and mood.Don`t know if i want more contrast to separate the trees even more. 

But this makes me wanne go out and find a foggy forest :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesomeness! so softlove your work !!! it's pure :)
have a great time !Very nice, Hogne.
The elements are both in balance and yet has a dynamic expression.
Makes me look at the front row of trees for a long time.
The fog gives (I love fog) a wonderful mood.

Btw...congrats with the lens!

Best Wishes
Seung KyeI know this lens...think you'll like it :) The fog enhances the sense of depth in the forest.... this image invites my eyes deeper and deeper, which is ( I think) a secret of good forest photography...and it conveys a sense of quiet, and mystery...very beautiful :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great! I love the fading silhouettes of the trees. The fog gives a great feeling of depth.Dette er nydelige sarte fargetoner og visuelt velkomponert som vanlig..love the fog and all the vert lines.  beautiful.  looks like the lens is going to work well for you.Very nice piece of work, color, tones and composition !Very beautiful and mysterious!I love the subtle, cold colours - it is very pale indeed!

ArpadGreat mood in this shot..Very nice! Great tone resulting from the fog.Nice on the brighter exposure.  The subtle warm and cool tones are nicely contrast, again, look great and soft with exposure.Hi and thanks to all of you for you kind comments.

@Arild: yes, the contrast went up and down several times during the post-process. I settled for this to underscore the special conditions that day.
@l*aura*: Thanks! That was a very kind comment which I truly appreciate.
@ Seung: thanks for your kind comment. Always appreciated.
@Hillary: I hope you are right about the lens. Even if I primarily purchased it for macro photography I have ended up using it as a regular prime on many occasions.
@Radoslav: thanks for your kind comment!
@ Øystein: takk for at du stikker innom. Setter pris på dine kommentarer.
@John: thanks for that. I hope it will bring some new inspiration to me.
@Arpad: thanks, that was my objective :-)A forest Hogne? Without snow? None would dare to guess! Welcome to this fantastic world, although it isn't new to you: spring forest and into the green were both great introductions to this subject in your stream. Perhaps the most difficult goal inside the forest is how to find order inside the chaos and in that you surely succeeded: the pattern and the rhythm in this picture become on of its main features, an important element of the relaxing and inviting mood it conveys. Your choice of colors, realistic as it may be, is a good reminder of your artistic vision. I can easily imagine how much you enjoyed the walk. I also can easily imagine how much you will enjoy this excellent lens. Congratulations Hogne. It's a true pleasure to see you posting again.Thanks Luís. It is very generous and kind of you to say all that. Thank you.What a FANTASTIC photo !!

You are invited to post this image to &quot;Spectacular Nature, invite only
www.flickr.com/groups/spectacular_nature/
Please tag with SpecNaturewhat a masterful stroke!! The trees blended in with the fog makes for a strking result indeed! Glad to see ya back and well! and good to hear from youGreat! The fog adds a ghostly mood that combines perfectly with the silouette of the bare trees. Besides, the different rows of trees, compressed by the lenses, enhance the sense of depth.
Congrats for your new lenses.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Extraordinaria. El ambiente que has plasmado es increíble.

Enhorabuena.
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)beautiful image!!!Nice shot, very atmospheric!I like very much!!!
Great pic!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

just excellent!!
love that foggy forest!!Beautiful!Lovely shot and composition, wish I had taken it.
This is far and away the best!

This image is invited to be posted in Far and Away the Best!
Please tag photo with F.A.B.Nice shot, looks sooo cold - brrrrrSoft, mystical Hogne. The faint colors bring about peace n tranquility
a quality take. 

enjoy your new found love ;)This is absolutely wonderful.  Great processing as well to make this really special scene stand outBeautiful shot
i love itfantastic !Wish I was there in the woods with you!  Wonderful moment and mood captured here!Beautiful winter forest scene!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Beautifully captured my friend so cool :-)just beautiful!
it encompases just what I think european forests would look like!Very very lovely.Reminds me of Tolkien's vision of Fangorn Forrest.  A haunting shot.

BethThis is amazing in all levels. I can't stop staring. 

Congratulations on Explore, I found this there.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful!Great composition. I'd say it's the perfect amount of the forest floor in front to set the mood.très jolie photo好朦朧
就像新娘的粉紅紗裙...so pretty. Instant fave!最近流行朦朧美! :)夢幻仙境賞花superbIt's going to be a romantic dream~~ ^^好粉好夢幻So beautiful !!霧裏看花.........這顏色越來越有過年的氣氛喔......^_^Delicious, am awesome ambiance, well done Jennifer紅紗遮臉

依舊掩飾不了

萬紫千紅之美呀哇~ 全遮了耶~~ 超含蓄的~ ^^Beautiful image and bokeh!

Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here你好，我是 美和藝術  Beauty and Art 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！Very dreamy indeed!! Lovely mood!!

Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here非常可愛的粉紅色好美喔!哇~ 全遮了耶~~ 超含蓄的~
-----------
to samyaoo:
對啊，好像鏡頭蓋沒打開的FU........^^&quot;Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Heregreat - nice shot.

Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3
Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo HereLovely. This dream fits the coming Lunar New Year a lot~好朦朧美
你打穿了一堆花XD好粉!!!!!!!!!调子真棒好夢幻阿~~~Excellent color cast.粉紅色的霧?!
肯定是新的生化武器!!!

快帶上防毒面具~~  &gt;&quot;&lt;so beautiful是用來包喜餅的那個粉紅色網狀包裝嗎?[http://www.flickr.com/photos/25553251@N00/]
我猜只是用很靠近鏡頭的櫻花當前景
製造出來的紅色霧化效果吧

就像Bear說的: 打穿了一堆花~  XDExquisite image!毒氣毒氣~粉紅色的毒霧~~~美阿...散的剛剛好.Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here有人投煙霧彈???Seen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here哈 , 佛陀和[http://www.flickr.com/photos/clonedeagle/] 都說對了啦

因為櫻花開得好茂密

就順手用105mm 打穿一堆櫻花

XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

不對啦

鏡頭蓋沒打開的話

會比較像是烏賊丟了一大顆煙霧彈才對喔

&lt;33..... bubu  

^Q^烏賊+沙拉很好吃溜~great tone! 
great composition!柔情粉色的浪漫awesome capture... lovely colours..我發現當妳看完腦科學先生後~
整個構圖色調有妳新的風格~
感覺那部片可以開發潛能^Q^
能讓厲害的人變更厲害~
我也來看一下好了^^[http://www.flickr.com/photos/balaocat/]

XDDD

現在的我有點反骨倒是真的  ^Q^

八樂貓真會講話

錢途一定無量!!!

腦科學先生已經完結篇好幾天了說

等重播或第二部  ^^已經完結篇好幾天了說
等重播或第二部 
---------
等重播或第二部再播的時候，你們城主的大腦不曉得退化到什麼程度去了，哈哈哈 XDD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

ㄚ春老是一針見血

唉~不拍了啦  (丟相機泣奔~~~~~)你和城主說......頭那麼大空間要好好使用，不要只會裝屎~[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

clonedbird 現在沒有空

可是我可以幫他回應妳:

從拉薩來的春!!!!

^Q^還沒點進來就聞到味道了

拉薩春~~~  &gt;&quot;&lt;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/clonedeagle/]

掩鼻XDDD ing...........[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

Louis 他們公司有在賣防毒用品喔.真的假的，J是在開玩笑吧 @@

XDD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

是真的!!!

而且是很有名氣的... XD




看完腦科學先生

我沒變聰明啦

只是拍照變得比較反骨Please Add Your Picture To


Macro in Style
(POST 1 AWARD 4)聽J這種講話的語氣
就知道J已經湛透貓狗世界了(大誤)

XddBeautiful ar Jennifer. I wish I could take as beautiful pics as you. n粉紅夢幻薄紗
水~so pretty :)Perfect capture Jennifer.有古装戏的fu。 ：PSeen in Perfect Petals

~ Perfect Petals ~
Post 1/Comment 3

If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 8+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive 12+Awards:  Post your Photo Here
THIS IS OUTSTANDING. LOVE IT.beautiful mist!把討厭的粉紅色表現到~~~極致 !
@_@......@_@.......@_@夢幻美!!Beautiful!Wow great work congrats on explore!Great shot !!!
Beautifully doneWhat a truly wonderful shot!nice!　fantastic shot! nice color!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful - instant fave!你好，我是 Gorgeous captures - comenta 2 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！

紛紅霧裡探櫻花...太美了...粉紅色的夢@@mashallah&lt;3Mashallah gomr &lt;3 Cuuuuute mashallh 3aleeha (L)__(L) 
Faaaaaav Mashalla so cute .Mashalaah prettywajd t7t bs mo mshkla 
l2ny al 1st in you hart ;p
nice wallamashalla 3aleehasoo cuute mashalla♥♥♥ just like you ;**cuteLbba 8lllb 3layafdet glbhaso0o n!!ce~

keept  fo08

Comment Me
لببببببببببببببببببببى هالفييس الجمييييل
احببببببببها♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Aaaaa5 BrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrD ;p ♥cute mashallahMashallah
allah y7f`6ha



favcuuute mashalla&lt;3..god bless her=**Exploredcute girl :]
nice hair :]
love eyes :]

[مآشآء الله]يحلوهاا مشاللهmashallah 3leeha cute :** 
allah y7f‘9ha =)
3rfteeeny :p !Cutee Mashalla 3lehaa
Labaa 8lbhaa el-jameela
Umwaaaaaa7
(K)(K)
Well Taken
Keep going ,,Mashalla 3leeeeh cute ., allah y7f'6ha inshalla
7beet al.pic wayed
faav =Dmasllah elmodel tjanenrw3aa mshalla 
favCute Candid... :)مشاءاللهMashalla Tabark
elra7man&lt;3 tjanen fdet.ha~Cuuute &lt;3 Mashallah :*ماشاء الله تبارك الله 

رائعـــــــة


mashallah &lt;3mashalla , alla y7f'9haماشاء الله عليها تهــبل ربي يحفظها 
لقطة موفقةJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Very interesting image. love itgreat composition.definitely my fave of the series... gorgeous work, per usual.Very creative composition and beautiful painting on her hand!love this shotNicely done.AMAZING image! Wowthis photo is absolutely amazing. great work.Stunningly beautiful! such a wonderful effect!Your eye for such creativity is amazing. Very different, I love it!my very favorite from the entire set. you have such an eye for this --- constantly impressed &amp; inspired. LOVE this.Very Sexy!flippin' SICK!!! Looooove itHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastic,,wonderful shot... love that you see the mehndi on her hand through the screen!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great idea.

Seen on FluidrGENIAL!! saludos MAmazing !What a captivating image ... would love to see the couple !!Is this one of your fav's from the day? It totally caught my eye on your blog yesterday. My husband walked past the computer and stopped and looked, too and said he really liked it. AMAZING! The whole day was shot so well, but this one for me takes the cake.troppo bella

Perfect!bella!Wonderful pictureWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DWow - nice composition and framing of the subjects!

Seen on FluidrNice concept! lovely shot!amazing :Dexelente!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
www.flickr.com/people/elicavagna/great idea! wonderful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Reflections and Fractions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I absolutely love this. That little sliver where we can see them makes the entire photograph.oh this is amazingly clever! i love the colour and glimmer of detail.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.aww how sweet - a love story very nicely told.Love the symetry!Again Great work my friend !!Tolle Bea!!marvellous! I´m still thinking about the two before this one, it is not an easy task :-)sehr schön 
tolle Symmetrie und BildaufbauGorgeous perspective !! Great exposure !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )feiner aufbau. was du so alles im archiv findest, beeindruckend!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)klare struktur, sieht klasse aus+++Klasse Tonung und schicker Bildaufbau!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Kann mich nur anschließen, klasse Bild!Geniale Kompo, schöne Stimmung, 
die duplexartige Bearbeitung passt hervorragend … 
Du hast's »escht druff«, wie der Hesse so schön sagt ;)great warm tone, beautifulsehr schöner Blickwinkel, gefällt mir gut!ich muss endlich ans meer!This is divine!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Holy smack!  This is awesome treatment.Very neat perspective and tones!whoa.. this looks nice..
great shotstark! super perspektiveGreat work! Love the tones and perspective. Nice! :)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY sehr krass!

wie machst du das nur??sehr schöne =)ganz grosse klasse !perfect composition and lighting!Sehr schöne Komposition.I think you are couragous to do these kind of experiences on flickr Usualy....we are trying to impress the eyes with the most explosive way possible.  This is cool man.  VERY COOL.

denisFantastic black and white image. Excellent treatment and gorgeous results.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)nice perspective....beautiful imagegeiles motiv und ne top bearbeitung!More excellent mono art!wonderful perspective and with that light monochrome you make the scene look joyfully.extraordinary view and feeling you are spending here :)
wonderful !!!great shotdie tönung is ja richtig genial macht was her, das motiv würd ich mir glatt hinhängen!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Remember and sens, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Great job on the perspective.  I really am liking this shot a lot.Wonderful shot ! Wicked perspective !gorgeous shot:$ 
مـــاووودي ارحـــل عـنننـك .. غيــررررك أنا من لــي :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; 
7ytiiiiiiiiiii w8allby 
5yallllk daym fi balllly &lt;3 !! 
MY M AldLooo3a :Pp  : Antyyyy 3ndyyyyy '3eeeer hatha al3alm b2srh !! ;$ ..  
ayaaaaaaaaaaa 3liiiiich atiiiiiii Bs 
Lw t'9eeeeeeg aldnyaaaaaaaa feniiii !! Tnfrj l7'9t l8aaaaach !! (Aa) 
a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich Wrbiiiiiiiiii 
y3niiiiiii shno btsweeeen bdoooni (A) :Pp?? Aby a3rf  :''''(( 
abeeeeeeech abeeeeeeeeech 
:::(((( 
Fdeeeeeeeet aly ana bchooofhm Bachr w mara7 ashb3 mnhm :( 
 حـبـــك وللـــذه شـوفتـكـ واجمــــلل احـســااااااس  !!!!! (L)(L)(L) 
 

Alllah Yslmcch 
w btw7sheeeeeeeeeeeeeni waydddd waydddd waaayd (L) 
Halllllllllllllllkthhhhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr (Aa) !!!!!!! ;$ 

T.C Mryouma :( plz 
ILY (L)ReeKo &lt;3
Rjawy &lt;3
Caco &lt;33
HNO &lt;3-perfect work !tjnn:*:'$
Omwah:'$ &lt;&quot;33abd3tii ;* 
FAVNice one :)
Nice colours cute :*i die die youloovee yoou ;**** brb ;p (LLLLLLL)!!&lt;3Drb alslamah (F)

A7biich MY M :*Amoot fe uooh &lt;33 :*ذووووقكya Labaaaaaa hal ebdaaa3 ; )
ya b3d 3umri ennnteee ;'$$
A77bbcchhh w amooouuut feeeech =*
Mwaaaaaaaaaaa77zz :$lovely&lt;33beautynessشكشي :* 3laa 8lbyy ;$ ~ &lt;33;$A7biiiiiich joony &lt;333 ;$Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Arab Chatroom, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ebda3&lt;3nice 1 :D




comment me plz!
GorgeOus heels mthl JojO ;$&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3♥♥♥Amaazin&lt;333well done :&quot;)el-colors rwoo3a =)lba jojo&lt;3(Y)
nice...
niceSo cute! :P allah y7af'6ha!
حبك حبيبي بين الأضلاع مطبوع          
          في وسط قلبي لو يسبب وفاتي
&lt;3333اسم الله عليش ياألبي ;'\;'O
(LLL)Favedloved the edit and the heels ;)Lovely &lt;37lwa &lt;3
LoveYou!niceGreat&lt;3

حلوه الشوت
Hottii! M ; كل مافيها يقول الزود فيهاsuperb image, my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!يا عيني

رووعهooooo! Those shoes are wild!

I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Nicee:*allah y7f9'ch yaaa glbiii troo7en wtrdeen balslaamah 
btw7sheeenii 7eeeel:&quot;&quot;( 
LOYE YOU jojo ~kk &lt;3cute colourful heels ;Dgorgeous =O Favwonderful!! and sexytjnn&lt;3 el words ='(

Seen in Explore ;)Love all the color.Wonderful colours and composition!&lt;3 * ...I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !OMG ,,, elalwan 5a6eera =p

7bait el-colours 

nice pic 

keep it up

FAAAAAAAAAV &lt;3

So niceNice shot !!she's such a little beauty.  love this texture and conversion.  i really must get me photoshop so i can start using textures... i love them (:beautifyladorable!What a lovely portrait! Very cute - I love her expression! :)Adorable !adorableeee indeed!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The right way, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

adorable !Beautiful expression...you always get such a great one, Ayesha!  Masha'Allahone of ur best!So precious - she is lovely :) !I love her sweet expression!great B&amp;W...

congrats Front page..


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Stunning - beautiful textureWow, oh wow!  Fantastic!She is gorgeous! And so is this image.Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Simply adorable-congrats on Explore front page tooHi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Life flows in this picture, strong and decisive, full of herself. The tones, the colors, the choice of framing enhance the vitality and emotion of the subject, returning a wealth of significant signal to those who can observe them. I love this kind of pictures. I admire your work, congratulationsWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DOh wow - this is excellent !
Congrats on Explore - so well deserved.
This looks like it should be in a magazine.With this picture, I keep thinking also that great song  Aqualung  which could be a nice title too.
But then again, because of the very specific theme of the lyrics, It could be so unfair for the man on the photo above…

.stupenda!
iperohiΤι μορφή!!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )extraña foto!!!a very emotional capture!
I couldn't link to the music. What is the song titleεκπληκτικό πορτραίτο !!!

(ίδιος ο Οσάμα Μπιν Λάντεν !!! )Amazing portrait!

saludosthis is GreatHi, I'm an admin for a group called Greek Photographers -Ελληνες Φωτογράφοι, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Πηρες ενα υπεροχο ανθρωπο και εκανες ενα μοναδικο πορτρετο!!
Εξαιρετικη και η επεξεργασια σου φιλε !
ΥΠΕΡΟΧΟ Μακη ***

Υ.Γ.Τον ειχα φωτογραφισει και εγω αλλα οχι τοσο κοντινο...
Α  Ψ  Ο  Γ  Η !wow maksid !! stunning pleople portrait !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Terrific portrait, my friend. Congrats!made me think of talking heads, once in a lifetime..&quot;you may ask yourself, what is that beautiful house, you may ask yourself, where does that highway lead to, you may ask yourself, am I right or am I wrong?You may ask yourself, my god what have I done?&quot;
You have 'the eye' dear friend..you see things and people that most of us choose not to notice...I couldn't believe that this gentleman lives in Athens...then I started to wonder where e had come from, what he had seen, what was his life then, what it was now..Απίστευτο!!! Τον φωτογράφισα και γω αλλά από πιο μακρυά.
Πάντως οι δικές σας είναι καλύτερες!

Τι βλέμμα σου χάρισε ...Liza, you're right again ! :-)  
The part “your beautiful house, from your beautiful wife&quot; it's of course from that great Talking Heads song, with a little changing... the song sais &quot;...You may find yourself in a beautiful house, with a beautiful wife...&quot; 
and again 
&quot;...You may tell yourself this is not my beautiful house, You may tell yourself  this is not my beautiful wife...&quot;

Liza thank you :-)great portraitGreat portrait!
Seen in Greek Photographers group.Fantastic moment you've captured... and in black and white is a true classic my friend!



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)An extraordinary capture, excellent black and white processing.έξαιρετικό - real life ...κι γι αυτό ακόμη πιο ξεχωριστό - πορτραιτο.
Συγχαρητήρια.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Emotional impact  MyChoice, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Υποκλινομαι ....
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )love the expression on his face, the lines on his forehead, the amazing colour and detail on his beard and then there's those eyes.

Maki, so much can be said about this one....

btw, the link to the song only take you back to the image.Αυτα τα ματια σε &quot;διαβαζουν&quot; στο φτερο......

Απιστευτο πορτραιτο......This is one of the most amazing black and white protraits that I had ever seeing.  Every thing seems to be just perfect, but what impresses me the most is the expresion on the man's eyes, you capture that so perfectly as usual. 

Muchos saludos!  :-)Wonderful portrait shotτι φοβερό πορτραίτο είναι αυτό ρε Μάκη ????απιστευτο πορτραιτο...πολυ δυνατο!very great portrait…!great work here!..........fantastic !!!!
salut maksid !That is dynamic  portrait Maki! great work my friend.This man's expression says what all your portraits show:  that YOU have been invited in.  They are as keen in sizing you up, as you are in capturing a piece of their soul.  We the viewers receive the gift.wow, what a portrait! imagine what this man has seen in life ...Such a work of art maksid, superb portrait, really splendid, grabs one attention!Ματιά........!!!!!!!
Εξαιρετικό πορτραίτο!!!!!!!!Με βλέπεις όπως σε βλέπω; Τέλειος είναι! Τέλειος!Awesome CaptureΦοβερή! Αποτύπωσες τα πάντα Μάκη!superb shot friend..and great work with the lightsallo ena ekplhktiko portreto!!Warrior.Λες και βγήκε από μυθιστόρημα του Ντοστογιέφσκι, του Παπαδιαμάντη... Φοβερός...Ο Σάϊλοκ του &quot;έμπορου της Βενετίας&quot; μούρθε στο μυαλό μόλις τον είδα!
Φοβερό πορτραίτο!!!!!!!!!!!!!one superb portrait! Love the deep expression!Ti apistefti foto!!!!! Mprabo!!!Eccelsa.Δυο φορές fave!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Seen in Greek Photographers group.great expression.biblic shot !!
hi Maksid ! :-)Ωραίο πορτραίτο!όλοι μας πλησιάζουμε τέτοια άτομα
για να βγάλουμε τις φωτογραφίες της &quot;ζωής μας&quot;
βλέπω πως αρκετοί εκτός από εσένα έχουν φωτογραφίσει τον ταλαίπωρο άντρα....
μα ο ίδιος τι κερδίζει από αυτές τις φωτογραφίες;;
Πολύ δυνατό το πορτραίτο σου ΜάκηWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photopoetry, and we'd love to have this added to the group!εξαιρετική φωτο Μάκη! εύγε σου!Ekpliktiko portraito!He seems to be the wise man of the East. Beautiful capture:))Great presentation and topic Maki!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Andzer's &amp; Marakida's Selection, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

καταπληκτικό βλέμα!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)προς αποφυγή παρεξηγήσεων....
το παραπάνω σχόλιό μου δεν πήγαινε σε κριτική του τρόπου δουλειάς του Μάκη
αλλά στον τρόπο που αντιμετωπίζουμε γενικά τους &quot;άτυχους&quot; αυτούς ανθρώπους. Βάζοντας πρώτα από όλους τον εαυτό μου που από τι σιγουριά που μου προσφέρει ο φακός μου φωτογραφίζω βυζάκια και μπουτάκια ενώ αποφεύγω επιμελώς την οδυνηρή πραγματικότητα λέω πως θα ήταν καλό να μπορούσαμε να βοηθήσουμε πρακτικά έτσι ώστε να δώσουμε λίγη χαρά στα άτομα αυτά. Πως; μόνο ο Μάκης και μερικοί άλλοι ευαισθητοποιημένοι άνθρωποι μπορούν να μας υποδείξουν το πως, γιατί μερικές φορές ενώ το θέλουμε φοβόμαστε ή ακόμα χειρότερα αναβάλουμε τέτοιες κινήσεις.
Μάκη περιμένω να μας δείξεις κάποιους δρόμους για να βοηθήσουμε όποιους έχουν ανάγκη.Απίστευτη αποτύπωση έκφρασης προσώπου και ματιών.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fotografías en blanco y negro(post 1/award 2) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ελενα, διόρθωσε please το &quot;μόνο ο Μάκης&quot;... εγώ δεν κάνω τίποτα... και βέβαια αδικείς τον εαυτό σου με τους χαρακτηρισμούς αυτούς στις φωτό σου !
Αυτό που μπορώ να πω είναι ορισμένες οργανώσεις που βοηθάνε σε διάφορα επίπεδα :

ΚΑΡΙΤΑΣ ΕΛΛΑΣ
είναι της Καθολικής Εκκλησίας αλλά δεν έχει καμιά σημασία, κάνουν εξαιρετική και πολύ οργανωμένη δουλειά.
Ο πρόεδρος της οργάνωσης είναι ένας φανταστικός άνθρωπος κ. Νίκος Βουτσίνος
Καποδιστρίου 52
Τ.Κ. 104 32 Αθήνα, Πλατεία Βάθης
www.caritas.gr/contactgr.html

Ελληνικό Συμβούλιο για τους Πρόσφυγες
www.gcr.gr/node/19

Εξαιρετικο site στο οποίο μπορείτε να βρείτε και πολλές μη κυβερν οργανώσεις είναι το www.anthropos.gr/

Η Κιβωτός του Κόσμου
Διεύθυνση: Ζηνοδώρου 3 &amp; Καλλικλέους Κολωνός - Αθήνα 10442
Τηλέφωνο: 210 5141935, 210 5141953
FAX: 210 9623114
Email: info@kivotostoukosmou.org 

Στέκι Μεταναστών
Οδός Τσαμαδού, 50 μέτρα από την πλατεία Εξαρχείων
τηλ. 210.38.13.928

ΤΟ ΙΔΡΥΜΑ ΑΣΤΕΓΩΝ ΔΗΜΟΥ ΑΘΗΝΑΙΩΝ
Πειραιώς 35. 2105239465 και 2105246516

ΣΥΛΛΟΓΟΣ ΒΟΗΘΕΙΑΣ ΠΑΙΔΙΩΝ ΑΙΘΙΟΠΙΑΣ
www.scea.gr


Praksis φάρμακα για  μετανάστες, άστεγους κτλ. 
Δέχονται ακόμα και ανοιγμένα, χρησιμοποιημένα  κουτιά φαρμάκων αρκεί να έχουν ημερομηνία λήξης ένα χρονικό όριο πέραν του  έτους. 210 520 5200, 210 82 13 704 
www.praksis.gr


Εδώ μπορείτε να βρείτε λινκ και πληροφορίες :
www.elamazi.gr/%cf%80%ce%bf%cf%85-%ce%bd%ce%b1-%cf%80%cf%...:)Seen in  Andzer's &amp; Marakida's Selectionthis is a really very expressive portrait! love itτρομερη φυσιογνωμια....
υπεροχο πορτραιτοgreat portrait !Υ Π Ε Ρ Ο Χ Ο Σ!!!!!

Ευχαριστώ και για την ενημέρωση!μπράβο Μάκη!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Excellent Portraits, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I had the same thought as Liza...
Every line in his forehead must be loaded with hundred of stories to tell about his trip...intense look aswell.Αλλο ενα ΜΠΡΑΒΟ για τον ΑΝΘΡΩΠΟ Μακη !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Απιστευτη φυσιογνωμια Μακη !amazing character and portrait, congrats my friend..!!!Stunning capture .....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!para poly kalo portraito! polla pramata leei to prosopo touamazing processing, wonderful character rich face. Welcome to the group

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Inspiring Photograph, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Estes charnecos são castiços
Já os tenho no meu quintal.
Excelente foto.Excelente!Mas que bela foto! Simplesmente fantástica!Very nice captureUma ave lindíssima, pousada numa flor linda (vermelha) e com um bokeh magnífico, dá um resultado fabuloso como este.Impecávelmuito bomLindíssima foto!!Simply beautiful!Maravilhaaa!!!Fantástica foto!!Great captureBem gira.Fantástica.Fantástica. Belo momento.

Thank you for sharing!
 PORTUGAL UNLIMITED
Obrigado por a sua participacão!Um charneco goloso. :):)
Vi tu preciosa foto en - I see your nice picture in www.flickr.com/groups/mariposas_flora_y_faunaque lindoBonitas cores e excelente definição.Está uma bela foto. Parabéns.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado The Neighborhood Ecologist e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Espectáculo de composição. Muito linda mesmo.Mais uma bela foto.
As cores e enquadramento, mais uma vez estão lindos.Verde em 2 plano como eu gostoGrande foto!Esta está muito bonita!Fantastic composition!

Seen on FluidrLovely color my friend you are mastering the E07DPrecious! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.excelente composição cores, muito bonita.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Photo Garden e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

1st , 
Ammm Thannk's 3laaa Al-First &lt;33;** Alah 7lwa Al9ora ♥♥♥♥♥ ,
 Fave AlPic Wajd 7abet'ha , B7bk Awwy ;$&lt;33-, 
Faved&lt;3 
Ly :* 
 woow, amazing one ;) Amazing Shot  xD

F A Vwell takenamazing ♥Wow ;O &lt;3حلوِ آلكعب ;p
يعطيج آلعآفية ~nice shoesamazing Lovely
Cute &lt;3allah 3aleeechelegant ♥♥
el edit &lt;33&lt;333333
:::::::::
ابدعتي ..يافنااااانه انتييي ;D
:::::::::
تسلم يمناج عالصورة الحلوة ..^^..Well done (Y)*




 Niice ..!
Keep it up ..!
Of caurse F.A.Vniec pic 
keep it up
XD 
commant me plzjmeelh ♥♥Faved&lt;3&lt;3333fnaanaa ;)fav Amazing Mashalla &lt;3&lt;3faveamazing ♥♥fav ♥♥faveddd ♥♥Nice
comment to meGreatraw3a walla..
akidd fav ..&lt;3&lt;3 iTlovely ya8meel ;)amazing  sweetyCuteeeey 'remarkable *;
 amazing one ;)

A M A Z I N G &lt;33amzing  &lt;3
fav :*Lbaaaaah ;|(L)
Fav ;*Allah Jmeela *
I ♥  You !

Amazin ;; (L)&lt;3LOVEuBrrd :Pjamel&lt;3Great As always !! (Y)i miss u ;'(

N i c e TaKen 

Amazing F A Vawesome♥How Cute :*Well Done 7bebti
Gorgeous &lt;3

kash5a

i hop see ur commentayjnn ; )Gorgeous shoes!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)I like this shoes!!!Gorgeous!!ooo, nice shoes:)amout 3la ur unique style;)♥الله عليك ياا ربيع
انتآآآآآآآآ ألللللم من جد تبارك الرحمن
الاضائه  رهيبه
ممممممبدع أعنف شي

ربي يسعدك ويحفظك خيوthanx hwazenmashalla walla gr8 work !
i like it .يالبى قلب رايد
حلوه ياوحشلقطة جميله


Seen in E L I T E S Group

مجموعة ايليتس للتصوير الفوتوغرافيVery nice light...looks like a lens flare by his nose which enhances the mood.  Well done :)فدييييييييييييييييت قلبكم كلكم  

thanx dona~|..


آلله..؛
رآآآآآآئعهَ جداُ..
رـآقتني بشكل كبيير..
تسسسلمْ آخويآ..

(F)

..شششششششششششششششششد يامشششششششششششدماشاء الله روعهربي يحفظهhe is muzz =P
it's like a magazine cover
very good jobMashallah =)

Seen in Explore ;)Great light!♥..
 يـآ‘ع.ـيـنـي ع الإًبـدإًع .. وٍرٍبـي قـوٍيـه ..
إًع.ـجـــبـتـنـي ح.ـتى الـج.ـنوٍنْ .. ع.ـيـنـي علـيـكْ بـآ‘رٍدـه يـآ‘رٍبـيـع ......}~
 Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;ألم يا ملكي انت

تعريض مستغل بطريقة صحالييييييييييمة يامبدع ..
رائعة جدا ..والله اخقك انا 
يخرب عقلك بدركتل 
والله فنانه بشكل غير طبيعي 
نعم هيك الشغل يا بلا 
والله مره اليمة 
اعجبتني كثيرThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.آآآآليييييييييييمه آلآضآآءه

مآآ شآآء الله

آبدعت وآللهي

يخليييه ربيتسلمون لي كلكم وربي منورين فديتكممبدع يا ربيع وربي ..

تسلم ايدك ..wonderful
 !!&#9733; High Quality Image &#9733;
 
Qualified Member's OnlyHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!مشااااااااااااء الله تبارك الله
جمييييييييييييييييييييييله الصوره 
والله اني فتحت الفلكر فكرته ! سامي الجابر من الصوره
مااااشاء الله تبارك الله الله يحفظك 
اسمح لي تكون فيف
تحياتي لكgreat representation and a fab SPBrilliant representation - it must be awful for you xLovely SP &amp; great representation xReally cool shot, you are right, they are similar, great minds and all that ;), but your processing is so much betterGreat shot, it must be horrible xoooh excellent representation! really intenseReally fantastic.Excellent shot!Fantastic representation B x
--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)This is a fab picture - just how I imagine tinnitus to be.  Sorry you have to suffer so much xWhat a great shot, big hugs to you xxGreat shot B. Hugs xGreat representation. Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2186081...Yay!!  Just seen on FP... congrats :-)Wonderful representation. Congrats on FP!!Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22672great shot to represent the condition xx

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Well done on FP Sorry you have to live with it!great representationexcellent representation!

If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Great SP. And YAY, just seen you on FP!Great representation

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)What a fab representationReally well done, thinking of you and how you are getting on x
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Great representationVery powerful!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Thanks for sharing this Bryony...A great image to get the point over.This really highlights your suffering. It must be terrible. Hugs to you.great representationGreat picture - sorry that you know what its like though!Great representation, I can almost feel your pain xbeautifully captured!
~Wow This is an Awesome photo! I saw this in
 
An Awesome Shot Award!! (Invite only images) 
Please tag your photos AnAwesomeShotWhat an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.fab!chesstoria!Evabbè... Che ti devo dire?????
Dai.. posta anche quella delle 2 signore in verticale!hey, che bello! che bello rivederti! :)che te lo dico a fare...!!!!Wonderful ambience - like a silent futuristic landscape.Adoro il genere di foto! semplice, essenziale, poke cose nel punto giusto e riprese dal punto giusto. E per completare l'essenzialità un bel BN. Ma ke te lo dico a fare anke io!
Dai posta quella delle 2 signore in verticale!
ciao Ragazzonegrazie mille :) 
domani posto anche le signorine :)Bella davvero!Stunning black and white my friend, truly a fantastic shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)una bella solitudine... wow!!! ;)Semplicemente bella!great shotGreeting from Bangkok:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_OHyfuvEq8
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY   Kornrawiee's Gallery... Invite ONLY 
Have a nice day &amp; be happy:)preciosa composiciónThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Remember and sens. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.good interepretation, sorry you have tinnitus!That's a great shot.  Really cool!Great interpretation Ulli - really effectiveGreat shot, very effective xFab shot! Mine is similar! Certainly sends out the message doesn't it.

Thank You xxHello! Fab SPYour face represents the suffering really well xFab shotCan I have permission to use your photo on my blog please? xI'm sorry you have to live with this x

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Seen in 'Interestingness' - Yay! :-)What a great shot!Great depiction.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Nice capture and thanks for the info!It's got to be tough to live with this. I love your shot, though. So expressive!sorry you have to live with thisGreat shot x

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Great picture - sorry to hear you have tinnitus though.Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.I love the compositionGreat photo.remarkable image
Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupgreat representationSorry you are living with this Ulli xbut very beautiful, congrats.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A Post-Rock Moment, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

The perfect time, I think, to be there! This is beautifully lit.I think the lighting is wonderful, particularly the shadows on the two foreground treesoh wow...the trees are fabulous in this. look at those amazing long shadows.Still, nice velvety green. The shadows are exceptional.lovely image! congrats on explore!The tonal variation here is just wonderful.Gorgeous!Lovely. Sounds a bit wierd but I want to reach down and stroke it...what a lovely shot - not to worry about the sunshine it's the dappled light and the soft shadows that help to make this a great picture, I think.somptueux !Great shot. We were amused, by the BBC weather lady saying there were &quot;bright spots&quot; over Dorsett... In America we're not quite so optimistic, saying &quot;partly coudy!&quot;Looks so spring-like, sighLovely mellow colours in this.Lovely shot, it looks so gentle, unlike our landscape, although I can't complain at the moment as it is actually greenThe two long shadows are quite beautiful - a wonderful soft image!I like very much!I just love such a shot. the landscape is so beautiful.Beautiful! Great!

Seen on FluidrWonderful !This is beautiful, I love the soft hazy light; but for the trees it could be a harvest light.Beautiful lighting on this shot Richard - well captured.Beautiful light. Lovely soft hues and shadows.
--
Seen in the group&quot;Scottish Borders&quot; (?)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY e x c e l l e n t .

great workGreat composition!A slightly different version with lesser light 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ezee123/4340604724/]The rising fog or mist is very atmospheric! Interesting history lesson!
Both versions are lovely - maybe I prefer the second one because of its rosy hue.an unreal feeling. 
is this on earth, asks the mind!!stunning capture and lovely capture of fog and the layers Anoopvery interesting dear friend!absolutely SURREAL!Beautiful shot and interesting piece of history!!wow...lovely shot Anoop..love the smoke effect !...I think the emporers had a photographer in mind, some 500 years later !!!wonderful shot!!!!Beautiful shot. Nice location. The fog adds a lot of value to the image.Wow, that's gorgeous! 
Now, if only I were there....:)Yes, water is kind of important!  Love the fog!Superbe travailThat's really cool, Anoop and a good piece of history !!! I visited this town long long back (in the film era) when I had been to Ajanta and Ellora !!!
Have a nice day !!!wow !!!

this is jus stunning boss...:)Stunning composition, your timing for this shot is perfect.
Great historic background to this image is wonderful message.
I do rememebr visiting Fatehpur Sikiri several times and thought of these grand follies.beautiful composition my friend !!!superb capture.. well doneStunning shot !beautiful!


it is fog  low on  the ground and between the hills ? 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )super shot ! love it and the writings top notch :)A fabulous atmosphereNice photoexcellent photo  my friend!!!!!!!nice landscape, i like the fog in the bottom of the hillslove the effect of the  mist (and smoke in the lowerleft corner ?), great shot and interesting information.thank you so  much for this ---it is strangely knowable- a beauty I'd like to visit  one day!!!!!!!!Interesting description, like no duh! not having water could be a problem huh? lol  The mist is moody and beautiful, and love the touch of sunlight on the green foliage in the foreground.  Gorgeous!!!what a beautiful shot and more interesting history...love both...The Indian leaders still act stupidly...no change since then...Both are beautiful, and the history is, as usual, fascinatingThis was worth getting up for.Excellent capture and thanks for all of the information! ; )

You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerSuch a mystical capture!! Excellent photograph!!Love the low layer of fog....creates a nice atmosphere.Great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Eye for Beauty-Post 1, award 2, First 2010 Contest Open***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome mist and lovely shot!Fabulous .. looks like a watercolor painting !!Lovely Scene  ! Beautifully composed and captured ! Have a Nice day , my friend !Nice shot. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very well composed. like that mistLove the quality of this image, Anoop.
This is very different from your usual images of India.
Thanks for sharing the history.Wonderful view.....lovely layers of landscape and fog....great composition, Anoop!super shotGreat capture !very beautiful capture! and very good insights into the picture too.Thank you!A fantastic composition... classic layers and details here!!Love the layer in the capture.

But it's always the write up that adds character to your pics Anoop. 



LOvely compo. :)Absolutely beautiful and great in every aspectExcellent picture! The fog between the trees is really gorgeous! Great additional information too! Well done!Arrey! You were in our neighbourhood...anyway!

Interesting that you've included the foreground- makes it more real.That's a mighty fine picture. Grand job.Breathtaking image !!!The smooth pastel colours and the early morning mist creating layers between the rolling hills covered with shrubby trees  create a magical view :) 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nice viewThis is a really excellent shot, i love the moodSo beautiful!
Wonderful shot!very nice!Wonderful landscapevery good shot.I like this version, with more light.  The mist hanging in the trees creates a three dimensional look to the image.  The caption information is fascinating.Epic

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.a fabulous atmosphere.Wonderful shot Anoop - v different from Goa :)Fabulous scene and story!Wonderful panorama, grat capture my friendwow so nice! love the fogs here and there! wonderful captureBeautiful scenery and composition, my friend!
Thanks for sharing!

Many thanks for your kind visits and comments!
You're always very welcome!

Have a Wonderful Time!superb shot..love the details and fog....Nice landscape, looks very serene. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)A fave!beautifully captured!Wonderful city , nice mist :Dexcellent work my friendTake A  BOW ..... GREAT image... Love this one Anoop.wow... BeautifulAbsolutely magnificent! Congratulations.Awesome ! Great shot, Anoop !excellent shot! No wonder why the eponym &quot;tughlaq&quot; is so popular in India :-). Akbar also should have been given such 'distinction' but apparently his historian did a great job in conjuring up bull crap about his purported greatness!wow awesome ....great view This is like a miniature painting. Master work !Nice steam!!this one is superb sirGreat composition, Anoop! The fog makes it fantastic!Superbeawesome spectacular !!!!!wow ... breathtaking view !!!This is a beautiful capture!!  Excellent, my friend!!Great! Very NicestunningMindblowing shot!!!!!! And it's so peaceful.....very nice shot
:-)some dreamplace....so pretty.Fantastic landscape!   Great light.Liked this version than the other.
Beautiful view.This photo is a good sample in the flickr. You are invited to join &quot;flickr Award&quot; group
  
 flickr Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please consider posting this photo into this group and join the community, thanks!!very coolCool!Believe me...it's too damn warmer (and rainy) right now :D. And this is wonderful closer!Your lens has seen more wool....Up close and personal, insaneness!great detailyeeeeeaahhh booooooy!!!  Twinkle, twinkle little star...This is so wicked cool!  I just spent hours looking through the photos you created with steel wool, HOURS, and I haven't even seen half of them yet.  This technique is fascinating, and the result is mind-blowing.  I've added several to my favorites.  Great work.I see you are working hard to make up for your absence... I hope it wasn't because of your fall earlier last week.

Man this is fantastic!  Ok, truth be told you hear me say that a lot on this thing. BUT in all fairness, your stuff is just super cool, so us little folks are at a loss for creative ways to describe how cool we think these are (yup just used &quot;cool&quot; twice in one poorly written sentence, you're just going to have to deal with that lol).wonderful closeup detail ...Definitely a fantastic image


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow...amazingExplored... very nice.Thanks to everyone for the favs and comments.
El -  I dont miss it one bit ;)
Tacks -  Still looking for a reason to buy a new one... Somehow I dont think wool will burn the glass... (prob just jinxed myself eh?)
Ames -  Thank you Amy. It means a lot. And theres tons of em now. I appreciate you taking the time.
Cam - Demi,  You got some pretty big pictures for being such lil folk :P And the foots better now (or getting there) And while its been rough I still flickd one everyday.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congrats on explore homie!!!Don't know how I missed this one, haven't spent alot of time on here, Frick'n awesome brother, I just love how you get that close up .  The angles are always spot on, Killer work Blais, KillerKick ass! :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.great details! like the close upExcuse me if this seams a dumb question, but how the hell did you take a photo like that???awww...this is SO cute kristina!! i love those hearts &amp; your socks match perfectly!! hbm!! :)too cute.  love all the hearts.Adorable and fun!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love this one!!! hbm!!Adorable....HBM!!!!!totally adore this!
HBM!Ahhh..Love it love it, Kristina!!!  Happy Valentine's to you, and HBM!!  :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great idea! Loved the colors..:'')This is so cute! I love the hearts. HBM!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Shutter Sisters&quot; (?)hbm, this is adorable!Cute, Cute, Cute - that's a lot of heart punching you did for this shot my dear.  And are those bendaroos (wikki sticks) spelling out HBM?thanks. :)
no, it's yarn...So pretty! HBMLove it... HBM!Pretty, Pretty, Pretty, Pretty, Pretty, Pretty !!!! :)

HBM !!! :)cute... hbm  xcute and creative!love all the pink!  HBM!so cute !!! Love this red tones ! HBM :)Awww...so lovely!


Seen in  Bench Monday
so cute!
HBMHi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So many fabulous pinks!

HBM!! ♥♥♥Love the pink!Cute!! Love the punched hearts. :)So cute.Great job.HBMHBM.  So much Valentine Love in this shot..Fabulous - love the perspective, very creative!This is great! Love the perspective, such a creative shot! HBM!!I ♥ this!  So incredibly clever &amp; creative! The POV, tones and Valentine color palette are all perfect!perfect! I just love what you've done here... HBM (and valentines too)this is absolutely cute!This is adorable! hbm to you, too!Cool idea!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Shutter Sisters&quot; (?)love this so cute!!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)so cute...great idea...hbm!!!:)cute! HBM!creative and cute! HBM!love THIS.Pink OVERLOAD... :) Does not compute!Seen in:

&quot;Pretty Pinkisms&quot; adorably cute kristina~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)SO sweet &lt;3 hbm!Super sweet, love the perspective! HBM!!!=)Super cute and I was convinced they were Bendaroos as well-we have been playing with them all morning! : ) HBM to you!So much fun !!!cute!  love your socks and all those pretty hearts!  hbm :)cute!!1 love those socks!LOVE this!!!! Adore the POV, everything is so perfectly cute!Lovely! Congrats on explore!
HBM!thanks everyone! :)so cute!!!oh..I didn't see you have two!  Such a fab perspective, love the tights and so creative, have to fave it too :)  hbm!Definitely a fantastic image


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)SO cute!  Love this!  =)  HBM!!!Cute!!!So sweet!! And, I love all of the pinks and reds!!Happy belated bench monday hunny bunny! :)superb capture
You are my Golden Photographer as well!
Nice !funnyackkk!  how did i miss this?  i love it! :)))love.Love it..... I just the vintage feel all your photo's have! Thanks for sharing your work, it really is such an inspiration!Love!too cute!! great vintage creation!b e a u t i f u lvery sweet!inspirational!gorgeous!Oh my, this is so cute!love this! it's just so sweet! :)so valentine-ish
=)
adorable!Great photo! I love it! :))))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful !!!Very simple, very cute and I like it a lot. :-)Your style is just so disctinctive.  Love this!so beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)LOVE =)This is very cute!  LOVE it!  =)What a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Love this!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Things, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cute and creative idea. I love it :-) 
well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Well is it obvious that I &quot;love&quot; this ::))beautiful!love this!beautiful light is perfecttfocus is great once again!Love the light and colors !wow.. nicely focused. really beautiful street shot.
love the depth and toneWaw !! Again an awesome work :)
Great light and focus !Hij springt er wel helemaal uit zeg. Goed gedaanI love your work, what software you used for editing the picture, it looks like moviesWOW Singled out perfectlyPrachtige foto! Super!Amazing how you made this guy pop out from the crowd! Very cool!

(no relation, by the way)Excellent! Great framing.stunning!Great light, bravo !Excellent capture.Parádní fotka.genial !!!!mooi licht, prachtig randje langs het hoofd/de muts

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Cool, hoe hij opvalt tussen de rest door het licht op zijn gezicht.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)yep. great eye.superb candid! love the light and the tonesGreat cinematic mood. Well done!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Met zijn hoofd in de wolken ...damn i just faved the whole trio.
fantastic mr joep :)You've definately found a great spot for the light!! love it :-))wonderful light, love the details and the result of that 2.8 lens.  Well done.stunning urban shot!Great street photo!:)
I like the light and the tones in the photo.Excellent light on the subject.  It makes him glow as though he has been singled out for some kind of special destiny.  Well done!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow, all your street shots are incredible. i have to study and learn here.lovely work! the light and comp are quite brilliant.Great focus and exposure.nice light manwow... perfect light at the perfect moment!Looks like it's right out of a movie!the lighting is awesome...i like it!!I like how he just pops from the photo and among the rest. Great shot buddy!great candid, very nice light!Great light and focus. Congratulations!Goed gezien, knap hoe je een persoon zo in de menigte kan isoleren

Gezien in De Dokanice look over the crowd!this is a movie stillwow very very niceGreat expression!!great capture, your candids are sooo good. love the tones and how cinematic it feelsFantástica foto. Con una luz envidiable y un gran foco.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Great stuff. The exposure and dof looks awesome.brilliant light indeed! great capture!Beautifully cinematic image.  Love that lens!standing out of the crowdWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dfabulous light on !:) Interesting !Moderne variant van de schaatsmuts, top shot zo in &quot;the crowd&quot; !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)AMAZING FOCUS AND USE OF DOF !!!
wow !Awesomme lighting. Looks like a movie. 
Well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called We Are Men, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice catchHe is handsome and smart real one together.   mooi belicht en gepaktWonderful shot! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.The light in this photo is amazingPrachtig !! Alsof je de flisters mee naar buiten hebt genomen ! ☺great light here.
very nice cinematic processing =/look a tt hat|! amazingwow.weer een mooi straatportret, joep.
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )myTommy ♥ &amp; mySuprO ♥ , Heretomy is back :'''') sh'hd 7bebty ;$ thnq l2nch 7jzltely :''' sh'smh :' i love youh wayed w im missing youh alot huny :( wanna see youh and hug youh w never let youh go :( ah ur face w7shny alot sh'hd uffff ma3urf sh8ol a7s ill cry hhh :''' right now im speechless wallah :| y3ny chy ma3urf sh8ooll mafy wordz ydy matktb :| sh'hd ana tra wayed a7bch w sh'smh sory l2nh 39bty il.7een okyh :''') tra ana bs chy knt al3b with youh :( w sh'smh ana adore youh alot :''' w ned to see youh w talk to youh face to face :''''''''''''''''''''' ugh sh'hd tra ana b3d m7taja waayed bshkl matt9wreenh :') y3ny chy wayed wayed m7taja bzyada :( alla y5leech ly soulmaty w lay7rmny mnch w mn 39betch :') b7bk b7bk b7bkkk ya sh'hd :''''''' w sh'smh il.video :| ktha (Y) wayed 3jeeb ana 3la6ool 76et'h fav :''') a7bch w a7b fnch yab3d 8lb tommyh :'' umwah ;$ w sh'hd ana wayed wayed waayeeddd srry 3l.short comment next time bekon longer i promis :'' w 3la everything :''' tra lw mhma y9er i will still love youh till death :) amoutch :'''SHF
Fa6ma t7b shahad wajjd w :) ma t7b tshofha saad abd ;)
SH:ENT 7AJA BHALZMAN MA TTKRR MRTAIN;)(Y)
madry shgool bs a7bch :p(L)(L)&lt;'3A7bch :''

&lt;333iich 

love ya :&quot;NoorLoveshahoodaLove Youh , 
Al.Vidio &lt;''33
Fave ,Walla El Klmat 7dha 7lwa
oo Love U Mooot
oo Wa7shnii Thal Face ='''( 
Sure Fav 7yaty L3yooonch ;''''')loveyou &lt;3amazing words honey :*&lt;\\3love you Babe &lt;33Beautifull !..yjnnnn :&quot;AlSoong 3thhaaab ;'O(L)!&lt;3 :&quot;Ahh 3'daab 2lsong &lt;3 
Yjnn 2lmove Tslm le you'r Hand babe ;$
Love you Kteer w Miss you Akthr babe &lt;3 amwoooa'a7 
Ana mleet ab9raa7ha &lt;'3&lt;3Ya Rou7i Ante ;'( , Love Yow Wajd :* Aah Dont BySad Ya Gulbi &lt;3
J(lL)Shahad :$:$♥♥ , The End ; Ommmmmmwah &amp; Hug ;'(♥-.-&quot;A7bch ;''A3sh8iiiiiiiiicccchhhh  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
GD job,,
wel done huni *i lovvee yooou shahodty :***
why 7yaty leeh saad ? 
6ol ma ana with you mabech tkonen sad baby :* 
loveyou mn al5a6r &lt;3

p.s ; -4 :| :| (L)(L)(L)Shahoodty 7iaty , 8alby , 3umry , rou7y w dnyty , hly w nasy , wallah wallah wallah i miss you wayed ;'' , wallah mshta8a L your swalf , ieed to grgr with you like before @@ , shahood babe don't forget me okai ;') , cuz i can't forget you ever ;'
7iaty wallah i love you { Kkkk ...
♥♥♥
w b59ou9 il.vedio , 9ra7a 3'db 5foo8y ;'
7baitah wayed &amp; fav l3younch ;* ♥Uniquness
Ayya 3la Babe zouzi ana :( 
7yuti ana len mamout ma bnsach ya b3dhum &lt;3 ! 
Bs ana b3d miss youh more 7bebty :( , need to aswlf w a7sh with youh :( (L) , a7bbbch ya b3d kl nasy enty &lt;3 ! , mwah :$sh'hd a7bch ya b3d Nassy♥:&quot;Onzlt lch -.- I &lt;3 u ;$

Walla a7bch ya shahd 

a7bchExploredana male mukaaan 97 :') 
thaaaanks wayd :&quot;D , I love u mn 9mem el-(L) ;&quot;*Nice wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~elsong ( Uu );'c ! . Love u shahad :*&lt;3
favorite ;*!Raw3aa 7ayatii &lt;3 

Keep Goin 

Comment me plZzAhhhhh 3thaaab il.Wooords &lt;//3 
Suuure Faaav  (w)
ADOOOREu ♥♥

A3sh88888ch &lt;33

Beautifull !..&lt;//3 ;'(Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.



*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥ Niiiiiiiiiiiiice wrbbbby &lt;3Il est magnifique !!!Wow!!! Love his face!!!!Ha! He is so cute! You got love Sponge Bob! Well done...I love it!..Can I be you when I grow up???  AWESOME!Awsome job!!!!!OMG!!!! he is amazing!!!!This is the most perfect sponge bob cake Awesome!! GraceHe's brilliant!!!  Love his hat and checkered shirt!I LOVE HIM.... So SUPER DUPER CUTE!Oh this is awesome!! An excellent job!! Dotso cute love the shirtwow is so cute !sooooo flippin CUTE!!Fab!!!!  Must be the best spongebob cake ever!  Bravo!oh, you gotta love Spongebob!!!!Awesome Spongebob cake!is he ever cute!totally cute!!I find it very funny, is wonderful!Spongebob looks awesome....hope the one I do this week turns out as good!!!!!!Very cool cake!Wow!! This is soooo cute! Love his expression!Great expression, love himHi, I'm an admin for a group called BOY'S CAKES, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

SO cool and FUN!!!!He is the best bob i have ever seen he is amazing!!wow...amazing....great job!I love the cowboy version!!!  (as does my son)..  Love his little cowboy boots!
.(o^~')b congratulations on EXPLORE

have a gR8 day &gt;'.'&lt; fRom KOGA &amp; GSXR ^____^



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)ohhhhhh   soo coolll!!!!!!!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickrs Best Childrens Cakes, Cupcakes &amp; Cookies, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

He is brilliant!! Ace Cake...Fantastic!! xVery good capture! 

Seen in Explore.super cute!Gorgeous!Great idea! Love all the white!This is so beautiful!:)So beautiful!Beautiful!!So love everything you do ^_^Sweet.Beautiful!  I love it!very delicate. beautiful.Love this!  Well done!  It's always hard to incorporate requests like these and keep your own style... you did it beautifully!love how silky smooth this image feels:)so beautifulstunning.everything you do is gorgeous!!! i would've probably freaked out and looked at her like she was half crazy if she handed me a bag of petals....but you turned this into perfection! (sigh) glad i logged in today to see this!! :)Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones.love this shot Amber!Gorgeous ... it looks almost like an abstract painting!very pretty!Awww!  How beautiful!!!  It's perfect!  Love the smoothness of the skin.  Beautiful tones!This is so gorgeous! LOVE all that white :)A brilliant take!  Gorgeous!cute Love everything about this! :)wonderful.....beautiful color
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/photos_to_smile_about/This is a Wonderful Image!
We'd love to have this added to the group!
We'd like to invite you to join Focused In on Photography too!


Focused In on PhotographyLovely! congrats on Explore!Beautiful!incantevole

Nice!!!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DSo CuteLOVE it!gorgeous.Aww, this is such a sweet idea!
The light is amazing here :]Absolutely gorgeous. Nice tones an a well deserved explore xxxSo... beautiful!!!!Adorable!Khatvongsong88cuteGorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.You really did a great job on this!!Hermosoooogreat representationWow! Great editing, love it!

Thank You xCan I have permission to use your photo on my blog btw? xLily S what a fab portrayal.Wonderful interpretationexcellent shotAwesome!Great interpretation. Brilliant editingBrilliant

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)ooo, love the  trip!Lily, that is amazing. Such great representation and clever editing. Love it xFab great ideawell done, this is a great piece!fab shot

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Wow, this is brilliant.What a fab representation!You have real editing skills, madam. This is great!I really like your representation of this. Well done!fantastic. Great idea, and well processed.One of my bosses has Tinnitus. Love how you explain the condition with your processing of the photos. Well done.I know what it means..I have it myself for as long as I can remember.TINNITUS !! Thats news to me my friend !!
Brilliant idea of FRAMING !
Great Results !
Have A Great Day My Dear Friend ! !!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.great processingFab processing!Mooie beschrijving zeg. 
Super vakantie gevoel wek je hiermee op :)
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)

Great light...Heel mooi Mieke! Wat een sfeer. Het zomeravondgevoel....
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Je foto valt goed op met die prachtige kleuren! Wat een heerlijk verhaal erbij, mooi het moment gevangen !Dat heb je mooie gevangen. Werkelijk prachtig van kleur en compositie en tekst niet te vergeten.You Are Invited To Add This Image To:

Dragon Gold Award Mooie vangst! Wat een heerlijke kleuren en mooi ok die silhouetten! Zie zelfs in de verte een zeilboot! 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)mooi miek !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!very nice shot of the beach and sun!Prachtig !!!!This is really beautiful and dreamy!Great image. Excellent work.

 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)

Superb sunset !!!!schitterend !
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)wow
wat een kleur 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Geweldigwauh wat een geweldige kleuren! superprachtige sfeer MiekeHi, I'm an admin for a group called Life Is Good!!!( Admin Invite Only) Comment and Fave 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Well, you catched the light for us! thanks! Beautiful!
Life Is Good!!!

Seen in Life Is Good!!!

heel mooi in beeld gebracht!!!Mooi!Jeetje, wat een kleuren.....of je midden in het vouur beland bent........Heel mooi!I do believe you caught the light quite well. Beautiful.Dit verbaast... Ik houd van hoe u de schoonheid van alledaags leven gevangenneemt.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called as beautiful as you want, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Super kleuren Mieke!
Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  group 

GRTZ,BENprachtige titel , fantastisch zonsondergangWat een sfeertje...................eindeloos mooie foto!!!

JanwillemMooie sfeervolle plaat Mieke, als ze goed hun best blijven doen zullen de ooit een straaltje van de zon vangen (lukt mij ook geregeld, als ie schijnt;-)wonderful capture of the lights!!! love the gorgeous tones and the silhouette, and love the innocence of the children :)Awesomewooow amazing shoor loved it ;)In iedergeval heb jij het licht wel &quot;gevangen&quot; ... en wat een vangst prachtig !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Gorgeous!

Sua foto foi vista dentro ○
Your photo was seen in:
○○○ ❤... J’ai Deux Amours…❤ ○○○
Obrigado ○ Thank you!
1 post 2 comments please!

--
Seen in the group&quot;J'ai Deux Amours.... ❤   [Post 1 / Comment 2]&quot; (?)Geweldige tegenlicht opname, jammer dat die silhouettes niet wat scherper zijn !!Your SUPERB photo is invited to:

MAGIC UNICORN : The Very Best - by Invite only

Post 1 Photo and Comment using Comment code to
3 Photos within the first 3 pages.

Please tag with MagicUnicornVeryBest
Please read the group rules.Y digo yo ; excelente contraluz de gratos colores. saludos 

&gt;re:  kijk  maar bij mijn vorige foto, ik had problemen met mijn pc en toen alles weer in  orde was kon ik niet  meer op flickr komen,  mijn password was ik  kwijt en wat ik ook deed, ik kan er niet meer opkomen!
Dus maar een  nieuwe flickr gestart! Balen, maar   niets   meer aan te  doen!beautiful composition and colorsBrilliant. Well constructed. Great ideaGreat idea for a shot.great image love it.Having suffered from time to time with (very mild) tinnitus over the last 10 years, I have to say that you have captured the annoying, frustrating, tiring chaos of it so well  with this image! Such a wonderful idea to overlap the rectangles like that. The colours, the expression, the reflection on the bell is spot on. Well done, and thanks for posting this wonderful image.Excellent shot.This is brilliant, you've really portrayed what its like in this xexcellent xvery effectiveFab interpretation!great effect to represent the condition

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Great shot!Wow, this is so fab!good representation, creative and thoughfulCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7428934...brilliant worksNice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Brilliant- congrats on FP!

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Amazing!! My mum suffers from bad tinnitus and its so good people are raising awareness for it. I wish there was a cure!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Visual Mashups, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This really works. It is jarring and discordant, and so a very good representation. Well done!What a cool representation!!Great ideagreat representation
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!This wonderful art seen on

Visual Mashups!This wonderful art seen on

Visual MashupsAwesome...
ENJOYED IN : 

 Super Macro Photography
Please Invite Other photos Too!Great choice of processing!Fantastic

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

cute shoes!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called L'amour pour le vintage, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

H E R M O S A !!!!!!!!!
HBM!!!!!!!!!!!
Madre santa, Kari! que piernas tienes!!!
Me encantan las botas!Las botas son geniales, de vicio y la minifalda ni te cuento ....

HBM !!!Pero no entiendo el titulo :(
Que lindas tus botas... que linda edicion, que linda sillita, que linas piernas... que linda tu :P
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Me encanta!!!
Y las botas son geniales!!
HBM!!ay Kari, no estás muy en el borde? qué miedo!!! jajaja...se ve que no te caíste ;-)
Muy buenas las botas, feliz lunes!beautiful, love those bootsgreat love the crop...fav !Que lindas botas!! HBM!!!!!!Hice 500 ediciones y le puse ese titulo al archivo, y ahora no lo puedo cambiar porque mi coneccion no es buena y las paginas se bajan diferentes y no se baja la opcion de cambiar el titulo,hagan de cuenta que no tiene titulo.beautiful tones!!! :)Amee las botas!this is super cute and sweet!  great processing!  HBM!quieroesasbotas / quieroesasbotas / quieroesasbotas !!!!!!!!!!!

HBM Karyyyyy!!!!!!! =)Ay Karina!!! Me encanta toda tu ropa, tienes un estilazo impresionante, querida.
HBM!!!Love those boots! HBM.awesome boots!fantástica!!! que arriesgada! me gusta el tono!Qué edición!! Y la silla roja es perfect!Happy Bench, preciosa. ADORO tus botas!! A partir de ahora cuando vaya a comprarme ropa, zapatos, pulsera... lo que sea, siempre voy a pensar... quedarán bien en una foto???
Me encanta, como cualquiera de las tuyas. Un beso.Muy cool esta foto, parece de revista de culto! Total la composición y el estilismo! Me encantan los tonos! Y eso que llevas en la mano es el mando de la cámara?Thanks! Gracianas!
Luisina, que gracia me hizo tu comentario,es algo queyo diria en la vida real, no era peligroso, da la idea pero no.

Eva,ja ja!A mi tambie me pasa eso, pienso todo fotograficamente!

ia de pequeño circo, si, es el remoto de lacamara,se puede esconder pero a mi me gusta que se vea.HBM, I love the boots!!you do the most delightful bench shots, hbm!hay Kari que guapa !!! me encantan tus botas !!Lovely rainboots &amp; a pretty photo, too!me encantan esas botas!so sweet! hbm.Great shot, love the boots!love the location you chose for this rainy day shot!

hbm!Love it!
Ouille, la chaise est si près de l'eau!
Superb!Fantastic!

Perfect boots!!Adoro tu forma de vestir!! Que bella, Kari!! Totalmente fashion!! HBM!! =)Brave! HBMvaya! hoy todcaba sillas...si es que siempre voy a destiempo jajaja. Esta foto es muy peligrosa!! En un descuido puedes acabar en el río jajaja. Muy bonita!!!!HBM darling....LOVE the rain bootslove your wellies + how they match the chair + the body of water there. . . great shot + tones! HBM!hi girl!
you are so great!
I need a vacations in the place you are!!!!!
:)Kari... que linda foto!! Cuando se nos acaban las sillas para el Bench, es hora de cambiar el escenario!!!
Besos!!love the boots!  HBM!Love the wellies and waterfront! Such a fun HBM! :)so cute!! love your boots!! hbm! ;)Lovely colour tones and composition! HBM!I love your boots.  wonderful pp.  HBM!HBM, Love those boots.. Nice shot and beautiful legs!!! LOVE IT!so fun! love your boots. :):)
hbm!Karina:
Que lindas botas!!!!
Que lindas piernas!!!
Que lindo Procesado!!!
HBM para ti tambien._excellent color editing !!! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3Delightful setting and I love those sweet boots!!so soft and nice!OOoooo, super cute rain gear!

HBM!Adorable wellies!  Happy hbm!Love these tones...and your boots! hbm!Que envidia yo quiero posar así!If I had time to visit one stream on Mondays, I would make it yours!great shot...great boots!!!!:)  HBM!!!:)Nice wellies!  You were very close to the edge!!!!those boots are too cute Kari!
HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wwwooowww

awsome

a piece of artcute wellies.. x hbmyour boots are fantastic:)está claro que esto del HBM engancha!! desde luego a los demás nos permite ver unas fotos tan curiosas como ésta. Qué botas más bonitas!!
No estás peligrosamente cerca del agua???Love the red chair! HBM!Thanks! Gracias!
People,I was safe there, it seen dangerous in the pic but it was not.
Happy week!

Tranquilos, no hay peligro, parece peligroso pero no lo es!
feliz semana!adorable!!!! love this!Kari, esto es lo que yo llamo matar 14 pajaros de un tiro. Lo unico que te falto fue un fence!!!!
:)
Pareces una niña ahi. Te juro que te veo cayendote al agua. 
ME ENCANTA.te reinventas en cada disparo, eres super imaginativa!jajaja! Es cierto, Jackie!!
Yo lo llamaría &quot;Economía del ahorro aplicada a la Fotografía&quot;, jajajaja!!!! A veces nos liamos con tanto proyecto....Great shoes!
HBM!Love those boots!!!!  HBM!gorgeous! beautiful tones and LOVE the boots!  hbm!so so cute!!  I want those boots!  Perfect tones as always..hbm!those are the cutest rain boots i've seen yet!!Love the boots and the red chair!  We have 100 of those at our youth building!  =)  Great pic!Nice crop, lovely tones and conceptSoo adorable. LOVE everything; tone, boots, chair, everything. ;]That chair!
I always look forward to your Bench Monday shots :)Ay no te caigas!!! Te quedó bellisima, me encanta la edición que le haces a tus fotos!!! Y quiero unas botas asi!!!!
Paró de llover en BsAs?standing on a wet chair nearby the river... you live dangerously Kari !!! :)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Looove this.How did I miss this one!  I love your wellies!  Happy Belated Bench Monday.I love this! Your stream is so amazing!Linda foto, gran composicion. Me encantan tus botas. : )Beautiful tones, Trey! The orange in the platform is really beautiful, especially in contrast to the rest of the image.love these trains
great workLines, sun, and setting all great here.I have stood on that platform.....except my picture didnt look nearly as good. I feel he should be drinking a Kirin though and have squid jerky ;)Very clever perspective!That salaryman is giving you &quot;the eye,&quot; though!nice detail in the rocks between the trains, I think this is what it is about bringing out the detail in the often overlooked area of the photonice clarity the other side of the tracks.. and with a dash of topaz, right?Nice shot! Excellent composition!modern and traditional at the same time
Kudos!
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

those perspective lines in the image are brilliant.. wow!Nice story behind a cool photo!Amazing photo!!Very coolgreat shot and story... well done, the line and colour are great..

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Thats one cooll shot ,love the detail in this TreyToo Good.. :) n &quot;Mwah to the Designers of the Train&quot;..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1284745@N20/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wonderful photo...............................

wonderful light.................................


A great shot here Trey, nice crisp detailswonderful clear, sharp image... and post processingGreat tones and comp for this shot!gorgeous wide angle shot!!Nice shot, awesome!Seriously cool shot! How on earth do you get to travel around this much, it's just not fair.Nicely captured. Well done.I particularly like the composition on this, with the orange-ish floor line and the same colors in the rafters all running up the frame.  For me, it gives a sense of speed and motion, which is altogether appropriate.

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Is that the Shinkansen? Yeah real cool (and fast!) trains....I remember people vending the bento lunch/dinner boxes by the station which are full size meals on the go!Very cool shot, makes me want to go there...there are lines everywhere and it's so pleasing to look at..then I look at Mr. Salaryman, and everywhere else. I love shots like this, so interesting!!!!!Excellent Shinkansen shot!Fantastic tones and colours, brilliant contrastAnother amazing shot. They always tell a storyLike the way the lines draws the eye in the organic bullet train form.Super shot Trey! Love this slice of life!The way the light has been segmented into an almost 3d pie chart adds to a futuristic perspective - salary man - funny scanning the ages for respectable attire - identity ?it seems so uncrowded for Japan...  and I think our equivalent of &quot;salaryman&quot; is &quot;corporate drone&quot;...Great photo.  My insides always feel rearranged when the bullet train passes by.Great shot, Trey. Love the details.Kyoto Station is very interesting place to take picture, crazy architecture !

...i really like this kind of treatment on a &quot;simple&quot; street shot!
...compliments, really...Fabulous shot and play of light and shadows!  Don't you just love the D3x!  Beautiful work, mate!OOWWWWWW, this is sooooo cool! :D GREAT SHOT :DWhat a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.There is something quintessentially Japanese about this. It also looks like a retro-futuristic painting and I love a wide lens on full-frame. Brilliant  work.Wow!!!!!!!  Love the light in this closeup! Beautiful colours! Excellent details!

GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to 
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardwow..
Stunning capture!!!!!!!!!!!!  
love itVery nice .. looks like he's just busy fishing :)  I wonder if this is the same as the 'Great Blue Heron' we have here in Virginia...These are a beautiful shade of blue gray :)Great catch Michael, they are a fantastic subject.Wonderful colour and fabulous detail. Great shot Mike.Another fantastic shot.gorgeous lighting!! great capture!!!Lovely image, really beautiful, nice shot .
 Greetings from Iceland great indeed.  hello, Michael.  just briefly popping in.Eye candy! Gorgeous image, congrats!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.As always, I really love GBH!Great warm colors, fantastic light, amazing close-up!I'm still in awe of the textures you catch Mike.great shotNice one!Colors of the late afternoon sun along with your photographic skills are what make this a delightful image. Good work.Beautiful colors on this one.Great composition and colors!wow outstanding portrait ! 
This beautiful photo seen in : 
 
&quot;World Nature &amp; Wildlife Closeup&quot;
Post 1 Award 3
Don't forget, If you receive 4 Awards from this group Post Here
If you receive 5+ Awards
 Post HereBeautiful image, Mike!Great portrait....Nice portrait!    I love the curve of the neck in this one!

This beautiful photo seen in : 
 
&quot;World Nature &amp; Wildlife Closeup&quot;
Post 1 Award 3
Don't forget, If you receive 4 Awards from this group Post Here
If you receive 5+ Awards
 Post Hereb&gt;This beautiful photo seen in :

&quot;World Nature &amp; Wildlife Closeup&quot;Beautiful colors and detail!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Excellent shot!awesome beakBeautiful catch!

Seen in :
 
Florida Outdoors (Post One, Comment One)
And please be a Friend and Comment !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natures Finest (Invited Images Only) CONTESTS OPEN !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful Shot My friend ..!!Nice catch my friendAnd you caught it in just the right light here.  Your patience (and persistence!) really paid off!What beautiful light and what a great shot of this bird.  I love the colors on it.  I agree, these birds are beautiful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wicked dof :-)

nice one! Well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.fantastic....loving this capture mike !!Beautiful portrait Michael~wow!  absolutely stunning shot!  quite breathtaking :)nice one, awesome shot!Lovely shot.  Hugs to you xxx hugs honey xx
beautiful shotbeautiful. huge hugs x((((hugs))))
Beautiful capture.Very striking.  ((hugs))

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)((hugs)) x

really beautiful shot and great processingVery beautiful. Moving tribute x(hugs) beautiful capture xxxWhat a lovely tribute, hugs to you xx((hugs))  so poignant.((hugs)) very beautiful xBeautiful, xNo matter how long they have been away, I don't think we ever forget them. This is beautiful and makes me cry both sad and happy tears  for love that never dies.Beautiful sentiment. I never thought of it that way, but it's perfect. xoxothis is moving. a truly lovely tribute xMy mom has been gone 15 years this summer, and not a day goes by that I don't miss her.  I love how you used the word &quot;distant&quot; as opposed to gone ~ that really does get to the heart of it.  And this picture, oh, this lovely image, says it even more.  Thank you for this...So well said, both visually and verbally. Hugs to you, spudballoo.Oh Spud, big hugs to you lovely lady. xxWhat janna says xxBeautiful sentiment and photo.Beautiful tribute xPrecioso minimalismo.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Brilliantly simplewhat a beautiful shot and sentiment xxVery beautiful and touching.  I'm sorry for your loss.this is excellent. love the black, greys, and one spot of white..big hugs xxBeautiful thought. ((hugs))wow...instant fav...without a doubt...frumoos :)This is a beautifully dreamy image. Hope all is well with you, Simona!***  Adorable et Jolie  ***

DomiLovely shot. :)Fascinating capture my friend! have a great week ahead !wonderful focus and amazing soft tones!beautiful!calidad de detalle y luzAwesome captureSo delicate and beautifulWhat a beautiful never-ending dream !!soft and lovely!really beautiful photograph - stunning work!uuuaaaauuuuu

super delicada

beautiful my friendComo me gusta!!!!! Es increiblemente suave!!!!!!!wonderful macro, love the white :Dvery dreamy shot..! Like a painting for sure.MagnificaWonderful !!Fabulous image, colors and dof. Lovely Taken &amp; Beautifull Colour :) 
Great Work ^^ Minunata!Fantastic shot!Excellent high-key image with pillowy bokeh. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful tones Simona :)Simply gorgeous!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)That's beautiful!!! Nice shot!Magnifique Photo...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very beautiful indeed !!
Marvellous treatment !!Fascinating shot
Very beautiful and delicateVery, very lovely photo of these beautiful Phalaenopsis flowers.Beautiful orchid!Very beautiful. Nicely captured.Beatifull as always Simona. Your shots are very inspiring.Magical DOF and dreamy indeed.
The splash of purples made the the flower image outstanding while the white are evenly blending the background.
I like this.delicate... dreamy.... sweet.What a beautiful dream ! lovely dream !Interesting and gorgeous vision
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3782229...This feels so heavenly &lt;3Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22691

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Congratulations for the Explore page! Well deserved!
Ai un photostream foarte frumos!so wonderful tone - great composition - seems really in dreamawesome shotso wonderfulWow! Foarte delicata, Simona....Ce e cu voi (ma refer si la Edith) ??
...Aaaaa....vine ziua indragostitilor!! Am inteles!!! :)))))))) Excelenta captura!Congrats on the Front Page !HEY HEY!!! Front Page  - very much deserved!!!!Beautiful congrats on FP ! !really a  dream
--
Wonderful Gem


I invite you to add this Sublime 35+ faves picture
to the 35+ Faves group.
(Post one,and don't forget to Comment and Fave two)

Bravo you're qualified for the 

6th FrontPage Favetop35 Contest


POST NOW HERE
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wonderful
 
This Photo deserves a Platinum Heart Award 

From Platinum Heart Awards Group
(Only Photos with 6+ hearts from Heart Awards).so beautiful lighting!!Many many many Congrats for finding its place on the 1st Page!!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Lovely floral composition. So soft, delicate, elegant and dreamy.congrats to FP and E !
unfortunately i'm too late, but obviously you made it w/o me vote !
what a fantasti presentaion of a Dendrobium Orchid.... simply stunning.. indeed Simona !!Beautiful!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Congratulations for your Explore award!!foarte frumoasa!BEAUTIFUL capture.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Simona.Deserved FP!!! Super soft and smooth! Love those gentle tones in your image!!Hello my dear friend,
hope you are alright thr.
so sorry for my long absence.

this a gorgeous shot indeed
love it in every way.Nice shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.FIRST PAGE!! YYEEEAAAAAH!!

Well deservd indeed...!Superba, Simona. Ca de obicei! Felicitari pentru exploreI like the high key natural light here.  This is beautiful!
DanielBeautifulGreat image nice shotDelicate beauty !
Seen on Explore.e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph.interesting composition- cool!  and wonderful watery colors all around him.  great shot!50mm f/1.4G?This is effing amazing.thanks for the comments..

yes ernest.. 50mm sigma 1.4nice contrast. lovely bokeh as well.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)noice!smoking is gross! but cool shot ahahaDon't smoke .. Its dangerous for you !! :p
Any way ,, The piC it's nice and wonderful 
Creativity and talents

Comment meCool shot. But a delete for the smoking, shame on you ;-)

-Voted &quot;delete&quot; (by the DMUncensored Group)cool smoking, but delete for the shot, shame on you :(

-Voted &quot;deleted&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)love how the smoke trails, f 4.0, wow nice bokeh!Sweet!

-Voted &quot;saved&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)not quite

deletedDon't smoke in your bed.

deletenot so interesting for save

deleted5Great capture!!I like it!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DNeeds a cigar maybe? I dunno, it's nice, but phallic objects always help. 
deletedcool savedNot working for me.

deletedI'm gagging fer a smoke now, you bastard.

deletedsmoking 
savedWhat? No bubbles? deleted

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot; DEL*TE ME! Uncensored: Change we can believe in&quot;. (?)nice smoke.thats all. u should think something better

-Voted &quot;deleted9&quot; (by the DEL*TE ME! Uncensored Grou)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait of the World , and we'd love to have this added to the group!whoa that's some clear shot! explored! :)Great B&amp;W shot , Loved the view alot ya salam 3alla il hnod ya salam 3alla il fan :P, il texture ubo il hnod hahahahaha :Phhhhhhhhh thnx ya hindiyaaaaaa :P

and thnx coco , :D&lt;3ya labaa Qatar walla
3jeeeeb el texture :)
alaaaaaaah 3jeebah &lt;3333 :'O :'O !!
DON'T DELETE IT PLLLLZ :@heeeey dude ! shsmaah ma yseer a6sh flickrmail -.- ! :P 
heey walah wallah i'm not z3laan walaa shaay wallah , ana daymn adsh wo anzl wo a6l33 :( wallah i'm not ! wo sorry for being such a rude with you dude! walah mo z3laan mnkk ya bashaa ! :P , wo sorryy again :P mra thanya bkon with you step by step :P , really i would like to apolagise to you dude :&quot;) wallah sorry :P , by the way , il 9oorh jnaan il ediit 5yaalyy waayd waayd 7lww, as usual ya bashaa fnaan mn yoom mn 6ll3t mn b6n ummk wo int fnaan hhhhhhh :P , wallah 7beet-ha wo laa tms7haa -.- tees waa7d yweelk ethaa ms7t-haa wallaaah yweellllk :&quot;@ hhhhhhhhhhh :P , inzeen wo b33d sh5baaarl 7beebii :P t3aaal maa 36ookum il sh-hadaat ? :P , tes tees :P hhhhhhhhhhhh :P , wo b33d sh5baar 3yaalk wo mrrtk :P sh5baarhuum hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh omg a7s ana yneet waayyd :S hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh xD ;p yalah yallaah taake care yal tees broo7 adrss :P bkraa bn5lllllllll9 wanaasaah hhhhhhhhhh :P , yallaah byye ya tees ,
regards.loool hhh  la le7een bkraa ,, lool yala allah ywafgk , and thnx alot :D

it7s ! hhhhh int mynon mn yoom yommk :Pppppp ! hhhhhhhhوااااااو
وربي انك فنان
ابدعت ف اللقطهـ
تسلم يمناكـ
www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/4339591763/jmeel aleditNO :@:@:@:@ ya weillkkkkk itha ms7tttt-ha, I LIKE IT :@

Amazing ..روووعه الأدت
=)Wow :)I like very much!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Spectacular view and landscape....this one has something special that's fascinating me...I'm captured by this!A very interesting superb photo. Wonderful photography.thanks all7lwa &lt;3 great texture :)Awesome&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3El edit ma 3leeh klaaam 0_0www.youtube.com/watch?v=JATl7DvalXI&amp;feature=related &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; i’m a suvavavavavavavavor bdal callalclclclclclclaclllecterhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :POMG!!!!!!!! shnooo hayyy??? :0 tfjeeeeer wallaaah &lt;333Congrats &amp; really nice shotbeautifulthanks all :DThis is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Oh my goodness! The colors are fabulous! Look at those cute baby rolls!those legs!  the stripes!  the color!  marvelous!  HBM!This is so awsome..HBM.great color in the shot!Adorable shot!! Love the colors. 
HBM!!Love this! HBM!!ha..so cute! Love those stripes and the yellow chair!  fab colors...hbm!Love this! I am doing BM next monday. By BM I mean bench monday:)This is awesome!  Are your walls really that great green?  HBM!

ps -- can't wait to see DeeDee's BM next Monday (sorry I just couldn't reisist :-)wow - the colors here are amazing!
Love xHBM!!!
Great shot!!!awwww... very cuteOOh I just love all the contrasty colors here and I agree about the legs and stripes. My my she's one hot baby!

I have wanted to join that group too but don't get it. Scared I will get into something that I can't stick with. You're rocking it nonetheless!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Amazing and colorful! Instant fave!tooo cute!! wanted to do it too but will have to get myself ready for next week!! love this! colours are great!Oh I just want to squeeze her legs!  love the bright colors here!okay the toes clinching the edge of the chair just pushed it over the top perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!So cute!  Love the colors, chair and pants!  =)  HBM!!!how greaaaat! so cute :)love this very fresh colors, this is great!!!!love, love, love...the colors are fantastic...hbm!!!!:)LOVE all the spring colors and chub! Nice combo;)awww, missed this yesterday!  LOVE it.  hbm, a day late!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)adorable!  hbm!thanks all! and yes, my wall is green. :)Fantastic!!! Love the colors :-)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great, fun shot!adorable!!!Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhgreat colors! And nothing is better than baby legs!Cute as hell, but all I can think about is that baby falling off the chair. There's no way a baby could stand there without falling, so for me the cuteness loses out over the second after this shot is snapped when I hear the blood curdling cry of a fallen baby.
I really LOVE the colors.superb shot
A Fantastic Image
Thank you for posting!

A Definite Favorite!!
Golden Masterpiece Award
Golden Masterpiece Group
Please Tag Image &quot;goldenmasterpiece&quot;Fancy colors and sooooooooooo cute legs!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Colour Makes Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow! those colours are amazing!Adorable! I love it!que hermosos colores!!!!!!!!!
www.flickr.com/people/elicavagna/Whimsical and magical shot.Too Cute!!!oh my goodness.. this is such a beautiful shot
I love everything.. the little bit of face.. the tones :]your hair is gorgeous!
interesting portrait, i like how you're kinda hidingthis is beautiful!! it gives a feel of innocence. love it.You have really gorgeous hair. I love the contrast of this. :)i reallly love this :D
your hair looks so prettyI like the hair hiding the face
gives a cool mood to the pic :)i like this alot. totally agree. the hair in face looking away gives you a bad-ass look yet simple.beautifull. :)gorgeous hair,and i like it hiding your face,you look too shy to take a picture..great portrait!i love this 
i love the lighting and the shadoes
:)i completely agree with both meginator and kendall_marie comments.  that is exactly what i thought the moment i viewed your image.  great job.i love this!
the head band is super too :DSweet photo!! Take care!Beautiful!gorgeous ! i love the light on shes hair : )great imageNice shot!your hair has amazing color!really awesome composition.....love the your face is half exposed....=]impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/rafallano/] Thank you for telling me! I didn't even know :)so pretty!! :))very very pretty!! love thisYou are soooo pretty :D

your hair is amazing D:your just incredibleeeThe composition of this photo is great and the photograph itself is beautiful.This is beautiful.awesome sp. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )your hair is so gorgeous! :3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful portrait !!!!!!!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Hidden yet beautiful, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is great!  I love the top, I love the bottom, and everything in between.  You did a really good job on this.REE! This is captivating it is stunning those colors are awesome

DorBellThis is stunning!!!!This is absolutely Gorgeous!!This is beautiful!  What vibrant and stunning colors!This is gorgeous!~!!!This is beautiful!Really really really nice! The rim is perfect!  Has anyone done a tutorial on cutting those plates so that they can be &quot;re-created&quot;?Stunning work :)Its lovely! Beautiful colours and design!Thank you all for your nice comments! 

 P.S. I LOVE GLASS--We just number the backs of the tiles after cutting themI REALLY love this! It's gorgeous!Very beautifulI Love that talavera style and the colors are great! WOW!Love your work...stunning!Thank you all for the much appreciated comments!Ree, I think P.S. I Love Glass ment, maybe You should make a tutorial on your fantastic plate cutting and placement skills... As in &quot;Ree&quot; Creating 
Truely beautiful
DorBBeautiful !A Beautiful creation!!She looks so deep in thought here... 

Nice capture~she is surely looking for noms ^‿^Sweeet...awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwws:)Adorable!oh MC, what do you see?definitely looking for noms. :)

--
http://fiveprime.org/flickr_hvmnd.cgi?method=GET&amp;sorting=Interestingness&amp;page=5&amp;photo_type=250&amp;noform=1&amp;search_domain=Interestingness&amp;photo_number=50&amp;tag_mode=all&amp;sort=Interestingness&amp;textinput=2010-02-08&amp;search_type=Interestingness (?)Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Lovely.....very nice shot!!!hahahahaha cuteVery nice shot!!! rsThat's lots of tiny toes and droplets! love this.  so sweet.jejeje. Nice shot!!! I like...fun!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )how fun!Too, too cute!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)The raindrops were such a good idea.çok şekerso very true!!
love the idea.AH! Awesome!so very sweet :)beautiful capture....oh, i love the colour and the lazy sunday feeling of this one!cuteKind and warm, very warm!This is so cute :]toooooe cute  :)how fun!i'm in love with this.diyosa.
you nailed this.
canvas print this puppy.
so damn good.oh i love this :)i rly like this one of their feet !

:)

and i loved the blurry arms behind them !I want to do this in my apartment.

Project!

Also, I really like that quote. and then you should dance in front of it.  :)so cute ！nice shot :)so wonderful :)
love the colors :)This is fantastic!Aww cuuute &lt;3Absolutely adorable!This is too much adorableness. I think a print of it, framed, would be lovely.This is very nice shot indeed! Love those tiny feet.Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Who knew toes were so cute :D love how the light works on this image - nicely capturedHi, I'm an admin for a group called The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful!Beautifull !..Wonderful!! Beautiful capture.Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DCutethis is quite possibly the cutest thing ever...love it!***tickle 
**tickle

love it

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Swoon, and we'd love to have this added to the group!jeje! Well captured!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]LOVEcool!I love the tones in this shot. Wonderful!This is absolutely GREAT!!!!  It's like happiness wrapped up in a smile with a Love bow on top.uw its amazing tottalllllly adorablefantastic!  and very true about the rain....:)super photolove love love :)

super cuteso in love with everything about this-title, feet, background, depth of field, colors.  so beautiful!So cute.kya love this one...already add this as my fav ^^Gorgeous feet shot!Colors of nature is beautiful, very ya Lbbbba Al Cuuuteso sweetwoow
nice lollipop pic
teslam edech sisنااااااس
والله يحفظها يارب
يعطيج العافيه ياربروووعآ الصووورآ

يعطيج العافيه

--
You deserve a
 *Shining Hearts Award*
 
CONGRATULATIONS!!!beautiful colors ^^


 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops الله يحفظها 
الالوان حلوه
تسلم ايدجيادلبي عليهم ياااناس

ربي يحفظها ماشاء الله عليها

والصوره رائعه واكثر 

الوانها وكلها على بعضها حلوه

تسجيل اعجاب&lt;33MaShallaaah ;**
niice shoot
,Raw3a ,Allah Y7f'6haواايد حلوه الالواان
تسلم ايدجBeautiful Colorswooow great mix color 
nice idea 7bibty teslmin :)

 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops الالوان شي ثااااااني 

:') حبيتها مرة 

موفقةالألـوااان شــي ..
رووعــة :)3ajeeeebah mashallahExcellent work !wow 3ajeba 7adha twanesmashallah ... 7lwa maraa ... 

like itمشاء الله فلكرك يجننن وتصويرك حلو 




Allah y7f6'ha 
FAV

Amazing .. Mashallah 3aliich
Fnana 
ebdaa3 el9oora
-Fav love it .!!!

..

gawaach allah fa6ma ..

..

oo allah ykhalli lokum hl ktkoota .. ;*zoo'3a mashallah 

allah y7fi'6ha ya rab v. nice shot and nice colors ..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ❤♫♪♪ Paul's Place ♫♪♪ ❤, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


You are kindly invited to post your colourful photo to the 
ToXiC CoLoRS pool
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)aww sallem galbha walla =*7lwaaaa ;o ♥ماشاء الله فنااانة 
روووعه الصوورة so Great ما شاء الله حلوة الصورة 

ربي يخليلكم هالكتكوتة 

=)excellent =)

amazing ~

so so nice pic

oO mashalla ;)
رهيييبه
الألوان والدمج
حبيتها بكل تفاصيلها
وربي يحفظ البنوته
=)
favVery very cute work. 

extreamly beautiful with the colorsتسلم ايدج اختي الالوان بالصورة ررووعهu hv awsome pics mashallh 
and amazing flickr (Y)
keep going sis :D
gd luckk &lt;3oh, really is an image with beautiful colors, everything together, from clothing to candy.
Greetings.ماشاءالله عليج صراحه روعه هالصووووره 
عجتني الالواان اللي فيهاWaaaay ya 7lat elbnotat 
W El2lwan e3jbtnii &lt;33
Keep it up 
Comment me plz~You deserve a
 *Shining Hearts Award* 
 
CONGRATULATIONS!!!its such a colourful photo that the mind is getting confused :)
great shotWow ! , mashallah 3leeha , rbe y7f'9ha .

very beautiful shot , so nice colors , love it .very nice, well done!

great composition, so sweety!

§ ^ ___ ^ §الألوان روعه

واللقطه ممتازه

قواج الله حبوبه =)ابدعتي اختي 
اتمنى لج التوفيقhttp://www.glitter-works.orgCute!adorable...............luved the colors soooo much &lt;3!happy colorsAwwww cute
 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops ماشاء الله اتجنن الصووورة

والله يحرس ويحفظ البنوتة من كل شر: )wow, what colours!!! great shot.
Mashalla
B59oo9 El Pic Soo Nice 
&lt;3 IT 
FAV 
COMENT ME &amp; NOTE
qwach allah 3la 9ora 
ebda3so cute! fantastic colors :)so cute =)
nice picشغل مرتب 
او مشروع يستحق الشكر
او مبروك الاكسبلوور يافاطمه:)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Wow. Fabulous shot
You are my Golden Photographer as well!
cuuuuuutttaNice colors, wow, congratulations for the exploredlooove the colors!


seen in
 Photographers KuwaitGroupThese colors are great!!amizing
sure F A V

liike it نتمنى لك التوفيق We wish you success in your photos  


(جمعية المصورين الكويتية - KUWAIT PHOTOGRAPHY SOCIETY) 


WoOoW

she's so adorable although her face is not showing

love this oneWonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.wooow
fdeeetha 
tslam eedjcute^^

a7la shay the color matching &lt;3أبدآآآآآع 
$:Gorgeous!فضيييييعة
الله يعطيج العافية ونشوف منج المزيد
انشالله 
good woork
:)Eye hurterwowzers, heavy hitting lettersDoope!these letters are fresh! top stuff mate
looks like it was fun to paint aswellwỢw!Nice!nice glowing thang going onSweet piece!Heavyweight.Rocking the spotcool.Get loosemighty fine work sirget loose with the juicea true burnerthose colors are bangingI dig this!!wow!Aisher?

4.bp.blogspot.com/_s_nDgm7Bh1w/SiGNRDfcWvI/AAAAAAAABFI/nD...crazy one
love it manesta mortal!you can talk...:)sweetWhat photo is this??

tut, tut, tut...this is dope!classicNice!!fresh bruvShit's TIIIIGHTYet another retna sizzler... looks like the sun knew its place and did one whilst this warmed up city and beyondAmazing!Fantasticthis is awesome!cosmic

noirthats crackin........bangeryes mateLovin this mate, like how the 'S,H,E' seems to be in a circle, on purpose? Nice one.Sick! Solid colours with a soft touch.love this, the colours are so vibrant!nuts! thats the stuff. the tough stuff.Ace!lovin those letters!fantasticstylish &amp; fun-job doneRead bout u at our local hiphop web.. 
Respect.. Good stuff keep it that way..
Peacewish all street art looks like this onemelheffe,
to the untrained eye maybe?. . . because so many have reached out and have shown great and almost overwhelming care and concern for our family and especially for my sister June, let me update you. June had what we're all calling a good week last week. It was her second full week home from the hospital and it was much improved over her first. It seems that every day we were able to celebrate &quot;little victories&quot; and &quot;small steps&quot; literally. June is requiring less assistance in walking and in getting up and down. She is making a HUGE attempt to find things that she is willing and able to eat. She can sit up for short periods of time and she is thrilled when her nurse comes in for bath time. 

We know that your continued and constant prayers have made these &quot;little victories&quot; possible. So I hope you will join us in celebrating them and in our gratitude for them. 

June was so improved by the end of the week that I felt comfortable leaving Friday night and going to hear a singer/songwriter friend, Brooks Williams at a local coffeehouse, Uncle Calvin's with a friend. Of course, I climbed on stage afterwards and snapped a few pics of his baby. Thus this picture is a medley of many good things and things that I love and am grateful for!I would be amiss if I did not share the evening with you further by introducing you to Brooks . . . he performed this favorite of mine upon my request! 

www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHRGh0lCRyo&amp;feature=PlayList&...I am now officially late to work but will look forward to catching up with everyone this evening...thanks in advance for your visits, comments and favs and especially for your care and concern for me and my family! We feel your love.Wonderful shot of a wonderful guitar!

Sorry to hear about your sister - but great to hear that there's lots of improvement...

Good that she has you :-))So good to hear about June small steps are we all need to get there:-)
I am glad you had great time on Friday night,
www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8wV9TK7BFA&amp;feature=related
And here is one that has something to do with the name June...
www.youtube.com/watch?gl=GB&amp;hl=en-GB&amp;v=NdSU-9hOg5UWhat a beautiful image... and great story.
Glad to hear the update about June... take care and have a good week!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing shot. Great story.what kind of guitar is in the photo above?
Best wishes for your sister.real nicely donelove the sound and the shot!! thanks for sharing your love of music!Beautifully captured.  
So glad to hear that your sister is managing to take small steps to recovery.  My continued prayers are for her.I am so glad you included a report on June &amp; how she is doing.  We all share your joy in those victories.  I am so glad you also posted a photo of the music you love so much.  Prayers are continuing!  Hugs!!  Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
Thanks so much for the update on June. I have been wondering how it was going.  So good to hear of the &quot;small victories.&quot;  She is truly in the arms of love and that is her best medicine I'm sure.   
I appreciate your beautiful guiltar photo and all that it means to you.   Hope this is another &quot;good&quot; week. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads&quot; (?)Thank you , Debbie !! That is such good news about June ! May they continue to grow in length &amp; frequency for her ! :) 
Gorgeous guitar ! Great perspective ! Wonderful textures ! Thank you for sharing this Debbie !!!

b&gt;Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
Appreciate your update.Great news! Happy to see you had some quality relaxing time to refresh and renew your spirit! And enjoy some simple pleasures! Beautiful image!

Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
Oh I am so much in tune with you. DOn't know what I would do without it. Beautiful image

Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
i Feel repetitive when i say it's good news to hear, but it's true. Best wishes to your sister and family. 

Great image!I'm so glad to hear that your sister had a better week at home.  I'm sure being in her own home with her family and friends with her made a big difference too.  Thank you for keep us all updated on her.

I LOVE the music video you posted.  I could spend a whole evening listening to that too.  

Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
Fabulous shot Deb.
So happy to hear that June is on the road to recovery, small that they may be.Amazing !Excellent composition and wonderful processing.you know i am with you debbie, sending my love and prayers to all of you.  i love this shot and know that besides photography music is at the top of your love list.  i also loved the video...i would so enjoy a night at the coffeeshop listening to Brooks.So happy to hear that your sister is doing well, long may it continue. Sorry I've not been around much - still struggling with my enthusiasm!
Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great shot of a great guitar!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Your sharing with us, good moments and bad, brings us all togerther!!  Thanks!
Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Wonderful tones Debbie. It must give you all some peace to see your sister having some good days. Congratulations on Explore.awesome perspective and colour!Amazing guitar!!Saweet...Great!!Ty it seems like you out-do yourself every week!A big WOW!&quot;caution wake turbulence&quot;...You just can't make stull like that up...beautiful!

Another &quot;Explore&quot; image, for certain.WOW.... I think this is your best yet.  Bravo!Cool image.What a beauty superb shot.WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW...you are the BEST...fantastic shot !!!!!!!!!!That is pretty damn cool Ty!master piece !!! congrats :)Outstanding!Amazing shot !A most superb shot. Very interesting.Sweet vorticesfantastic lightCooool!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Dude that ROCKSINCREDIBLE! What a great image.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??wow amazing shot!!so nice!How cool!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )This is incredible!!Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group
Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)grande!!!!!!!!!!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.stunning!wonderful!awesome captureI think we can officially proclaim Ty as producing the most consistent kick-ass, phenomenal, awe-inspiring aviation photos on flickr.  Anybody care to argue?Thanks so much for all the comments and favs guys. It was the most breathtaking morning yet at PDX. 

Champion- Dude thats to nice, hey a Glasair buzzing the daisys at 10 feet aint bad either!!!thats a great shot!Favolosa!Awwww

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Please construct a lego representation of a cute proton with enormous eyes and take an awesome photo of it so I can fave that too. Thanks! :¬Dwonderful Quarks here, Mike
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )hahahahahaha greaaaat!In the next frame, there's just three charred corpses, right? :DGreat little story (and of course the picture).
Love your non-quantum science!is this your own AT-ST design? Oh god no, it's from the &quot;Battle of Endor&quot; set. The guy who designed that set is a seriously talented engineer.I prefer to believe in the &quot;Endor Holocaust&quot; theory.Awesome jajaja. Adorable eworks :P
I am LEGO´s fan, and Sony Alpha fan :Pgreat!precious!Fire!Aw thanks guys, now if you could stand a little closer together...How does the left ewok's hand hold the flower?

And very nice, as usual :-)great work as always!

i hate ewoks. ewoks deserve death. 

i should build my battle of endor set .. i looted it for its figures and shoved it under the bed... 

(insert fancy award / exagerated happiness logo here).awww very sweet of the lil ewoks...i love ewoks =)haha sweet!So where's the picture of the proton?really cool!fresssh.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is perfect.Too cool!Nice idea. Great light, exposure, colours, tone, composition, etc, etc....
Another favourite.&quot;There is a fundamental law of the universe that states that small things are cute. Occasionally this must also apply to Ewoks.

Taken to the limit of non-quantum science, I have determined the cutest thing in the universe to be a proton. With big eyes.&quot;

I like the photo, but you've made me a happy gee... physics student with the two paragraphs above.&quot;vader to crew AT-ST: open fire immediately! smoke'em!!!&quot;

instafaved even though...&quot;If you're going to the forest of Endor
be sure to wear some flowers in your hair&quot;Poor Ewoks... So Sweet!Lovely! I miss my lego sets. I am not an adult but my love for lego still remains the same. Your creations are sweet and sooo creative!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Wow! So cool Zack!Cool sequence !Sweet shot Zack! I had no idea you were a boarder too.  I used to coach for HCSC a few years back and have been meaning to shoot some riding stuff since getting into photography. 

I've got an Elinchrom Ranger and misc strobe gear, if you want to get a rider or two together to shoot up at Hood. Just drop me a flickrmail.impressive shots!Sweet sequence Zack!  Don't trust Sheldon.  He'll make you carry his Rangers.That is awesome man..I saw the report of 13 inches in the last 48 hours..Really cool sequence shot..Excellent sequence Zack, perfectly takenNiiiiiice THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.Great work here Zack!woa!! I love those sequences!
It must look awesome in very large format!!Totally cool.great shot
the super bowl
was nice i had the whole town to myself too
no waiting in linesYup Zack, never trust Sheldon. He made Ryan shoot strobist stuff now and will make you carry his stuff up Mt. Hood... nevertheless, great sequence here! Love the clouds in the background. Must be nice to have the slopes to yourself.Very cool!!Nice sequence from take off to landing.

I love the Super Bowl for this very reason.  Less people out and about, perfect for getting outside. :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Sweet! :)Whoo--hooo!  Fantastic!Great sequence!  Awesome colors and detail :]Genial!That is one hairy drop and a great sequence! Perfect time to board since everybody's watching the gameMan that is so cool! Love the motion, and the backdrop. Seriously nice.awesome :)Wasting a day by yourselves on the mountain is good use of your time.  Nicely captured series.Check out Chase Jarvis's blog.  He's running a competition for multiples of snowboarders.Brilliant image, very cool!Excellent shot.nice!  high quality!  well done.Ive always wanted to try something like this, except with skateboardingHoly Moses!  You both are nuts!  But boy!  What a shot you took!  No other way to do that kind of thing I suppose.Cool stuff!  nice job!Wow - very cool! Looks like you both are having fun!

That's a lot of camera to carry up there.Awesome..=-)Impressive composition...................... great work.beautifulAmazing shotGreat sequence!
Well done!Great work in this multishot.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)incredibile
eccellenteWooooooooooooow!Lovin the step by step action here!excellent multiple exposure and perfect light!Awesome work!Nice! Always wanted to do a sequence like that. Lugging a tripod on your pack and riding must suck unless it's small. I had the same grin on sunday for the same reasons but in AK. Thanks for sharing. CheersBeautiful !!!! Great !!!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]WOW  !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome!!Interesting shot! congratulationsWonderful shot! Thank you!great shot!
the timing is awesome!!
wonderful capture! great shot!Muy buen trabajo!Fantastic action shot!  I don't see enough of these on Flickr.  Great work!SO amazing! :DJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Very nicely done.Adore this!what an amazing capture! 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)lovely :)This is amazing!there's a metaphor in there somewhere ....im glad you do all this non-portrait shot. it shows versatility. you're just as great with this.i love these birds
beautiful lightJess this is beyond beautiful.this is spiritual..... LOVE it.beautiful!!!! *____*awesome capture!SO gorgeous!magnificentsoo beautiful!excellent! very nice shotvery pretty! beautiful light!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY beautiful, love the light :)the birds are just beautiful!Stunning, I love the reflection in the glasswow the colour is even better :) lovley shotIt's even better in color.wow!this is beautiful!love it, such a beautiful photo!!!yaaaaay!

explore #1!
congrats!Wonderfulgreat image, outstanding compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful capture..stunning lightsamazing shot .!:) 
nice work .!:)Great catchhey wow nice shot :)this is just beautiful :)I prefer this colour version! ;)

Seen on FluidrAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

wow!Very nice shot*****Please add your picture to*****

NATURES PRIME
(POST 1 AWARD 4)

☀ Moderator approved ☀난 원래 사진이라고는 당최 관심도 없고 잘 모르는 사람이었는데 작년쯤 우연히 flickr를 알게 되면서 이런 저런 사진들을 보면서 조금씩 사진에도 관심을 가지게 되었다 ㅋㅋlove it/magic lightthanks everyone!جميله جدا

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DLovely capture!

Seen on FluidrStunning, I love the Lens Flairbeautifulspettacolo!!amazinglove the colors!wow, this is incredible.Spectacular!Love this!  Really beautiful scene, Jessica :)Good planning - how much did the bird models cost? :) M a g n i f i c e n t ! Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please join the group as well.This is so beautiful! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthA wonderful moment, beautiful light!
I like this picture!I love this even more than the black and white version.amazing! fantastic! magical! wonderful!
Fla!beautiful.this is so gorgeous! (:Beautiful.so beautifulThis is beautiful. I adore the background, and the silhouette.Thanks!i love this. the background &lt;3Fabulous capture!!!
Kind regards
Monika

Your photo screams Photographer !!!
Thank you for sharing with us

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** very original :)
i like your creativityvery beautifulthank you :)this is so so amazing
wow, breathtakingthanks!whoaaaaa!
you have noo idea how much i love this! :)i really love this! nice idea (:So dreamy, love it!oh mmyyyy
how i LOVE this &lt;3clara - how much? :P
thanks, everyone!Cool as! Love it.thank you :)Gorgeous silhouette and concept. Love the blue tones of the skyfav fav fav !!!!!!!!!:D thanks&lt;3333 :D i love this!One of the coolest shots I've seen today, super creative, excellent!woww stellar editingHi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix SILHOUTTE Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!So dramatic! I'm a sucker for a good silhouette shot.Unbelievable, Evelynn!  Words can't describe how pretty this is.The hands are perfect!  Phenomenal sky!!!Thanks, everyone!incredible ;)incredibly beautiful! seen on explore! :Dfabulous and suggestive composition!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Fantastic!thank you!!Wow great work congrats on explore!Great jobastro boy.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful!

Seen in &quot;Explore!&quot;very good editing here! i love the feel of it :)I adore this :D:D thanks!Very CoolSuch a cool shot!love it , love the stars love the shadown :XHi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!thank you, everyone! :)awesome idea and very well executed. just stunningCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4119559...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22739. 

Your all FP are listed here.wow this is fantasticwow. i love this!!!thanks!!this is so great, i love everything about it, beautiful :)sooo awesome! nice job!thank you :)amazing !!!i love itt!!!!!!Magical.WHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/Uhh,soo beuatiful! Love it!

Congrats on explore :)omggg this is soooo flipping amazingg :DDDDAwesome image.  Great silhouette and color.  Great atmosphere.excellent image seen on FP:-)thanks!This is amazing!!Excellent capture. . . 


Seen on Fluidrthis is amazinggggwow is amazing! I like this photo, and I love the stars.
es impresionante! Me gusta esta foto, amo las estrellas.thank you
gracias
:)Es una obra de arte, admirable. =)Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

Cool capture
at least one is for you!!:-)))oh my goodness, words can't even describe how beautiful this is! you are amazing.So cool! This is amazing! GREAT CAPTURE Evelynn! :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i really like it .Thank you so much, everyone!Great mood, this is the kind of photograph that creates emotions. And thanks for the add ;)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr random cool shots! (setting the standard), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh, this is is just incredible.thanks!woooah!
so cool.I want to see real sky like that!! this is brilliant!Haha me tooPure magic.:)woah.
woah.
woah.
ok so not cool that i missed this...
i don't know where the heck i was.
this is truly amazing.
i'm kind of in love with it &lt;3woah.
woah.
woah.
that comment kinda just made my dayWOW. 
okay this is ridiculous. 
the good kind of ridiculous. 
i love it.I like how you had to clarify what kind of ridiculous it is ;)this is outstanding!!
and ahh i defintely know the feeling!This beautiful exceptional.Holy cow, this is phenomenal. Wow, breathtaking!thank you, everyone!Amazing!!!!!! I think that this is a very cool image! Viewed in
Flickr Random Cool Shots!Thanks!OMG AMAZING! prob the best picture ive seen on here!Attractive Mahawi ♥♥♥♥♥2[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33200548@N05/]

4 Arlena 2ljmela her ;$
♥♥♥♥♥♥ Attractive Mahawy ''
amazing ....-


aaa5 tjnan (L)

Ya LbeeeeehAlaaay Jmeel elName &lt;333 
o el9ora kmaan 7lwa:*fdeeeeeeet alNameLba 2lbk 2lnori ;$,,Merci Smeti 2ljmela ;$
Yfdaaa'Ch 7beebti Mariam ;$Faaaaaaaav L3NOOOOONCh (K)Tjnn &lt;3, Faved &lt;3;* 
A7bich :$ &lt;3Merci ;$
Amot'ch smeti3thaaaaaby il-Model (L)_(L)
Amazi'n Name Mahawi (L)
Luv u iloveyou&lt;3
LOVE U (k)Lovekum all ;$ Looove u Annna ♥ ♥Tyt Hun A7bbbbbch maha :\Miss You Mahawii :*Nawary; Amoot'Ch my heart
alhajri; Miss u More &lt;'3
LOVE U Mahawi 
&lt;33Love you Mooore My big Brofdait il Model:$~
miss you both;'(&lt;3 il pix
well Done..!Miss u more sara &lt;'3
Rmxo ; Merci 7yati:*5laa9 la t'3yrenh b3d-.-,love u:PTjann&lt;3 Love Yeah Mahawii--La.Martina ;mabi a'3er bs 2lppl hm y5loni a'3er;s
Meme;Love you moore ;$hhh w feh Attractive b3dd:'O:P 


A7biiiiiCh ;$  ! ~


Noneta; 9j shi jayd '' bs llasf ana ma shft w shkrn 3 2lm3loma;) ;$ 
Mnooshi ; Amooot Feee'Ch ana Love u ;''$&lt;333Love you More Malooka ;$love youh alot :$looooooooove u My maha walla  (L)__(L)Lovkuuum moooore 7baatb 2lbi ;$Wowness ;O , So adorable one ;$♥♥♥M'3sia5 ya b3dddi 2nti ;)&lt;3 lbbbaih My Attractive Mahawi bs ;)♥♥♥
ya fdddaiit 8lbbch w klch wallah ;)(L) A3sh88ch ana ;)&lt;3
يلي ملڪت الخفوق ونبض شرياني ;)♥♥♥ Looove you Mout (L)loved the pink and the lighting also :* :*ExploredGorgeous image... I'm awed 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)
Great !' A.M.Q''2lbeeeek My Heart ' Klii Aroo7 Fdwa l3noonhm ana ♥♥
Amooooooot feeee'k Annnnna ;$ مامات الاحساس فيني ...... وانت خابرني من قلت احبك ..( احبك ) .. صعب اغيرها '' Love youu to Deth walla 
Merci alot ;$

Missch Waaaayd MyMaha ;**

Miisss you Mooore Huni ;$3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + notewow , sooo lovely ;* 
faved (L)Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Mercii allniceeeMaryam tt7b Mahawii &lt;333 , Mwaaa77 ;$AmazinG,,Mahawi At7bb Maryoomtha ;$ ; A7 
Thanx alot ;$absolutely stunning

mashallah fav bdooon tafkeeeer! ro3aWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Draw3aaa  alpic
tslm edch 7yatii
anshoof  gdedch   7ubii
faaav  ljl  3yoonch
comment  me  plzMerci All ;$WOW :O
3jeebaWonderful image!nice name 
Gorgeous Mahawi῏ ooooops i mean
 Attractive Mahawi ῏   =P

comment me pllz =)favgorgeous, attractive image and name.DemaisExcellent!Cute ~!!
Faaaave =DBrilliant!querem ver que uma bruxa transformou o promissor fotógrafo numa rã??!! :-)Good shotExcellent!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE award THREE / SWEEPER ON!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Hehehe... muito gira!
Como é que a rã foi parar ali?Excellent shot!Great shot...perfect for a camera manufacturer's ad!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very very cool!I am glad that I finally meet the real photographer :-)Beautiful shot. You should use auto focus button :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Very cool!Nice Shot, Well Done!Fantástico! :DLindo!!!!! :) Está demais!LOL! Good one.:-) Very nice capture!!Linda foto... vê-se logo que não é intrusiva :-PLove it. Great shot.Linda no seu ambiente naturalThis is precious!!!!  Thanks for the title and chuckle this morning.Simplismente maravilhosa fotoEstá demais.Já vi um sapo a conduzir um BMW Serie 1...
www.belacena.com/videos/view/14046 [para recordar :o]
Agora uma rã com um maquinão destes é que nunca tal...
AbraçoWow great work congrats on explore!So the frog took its own picture not you Jose. Nice one mate.Muito gira.
Ficou muito bem a fotógrafa.Gasta um gajo uma dinheirama numa canon topo de gama para isto. Que nojo pá!!!  Vou já vender a 7D.
Se souberem dalguma rã interessada digam.Awesome.Está muito gira.A ensinar rãs a fotografar? :)) 
Muito bem apanhada, e num poiso bem original!Esta fantastica, Jose, ficou claro que a ra e do grupo aves, pelo menos camara ja temFunny &amp; pretty shot !You need to give him credit for any shots he took. Excellent photo.Really cute Jose!  Thanks for your comments... LindaHi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickrs - Picture Perfect  p1 /c 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gramava duma cena, Sousa...!!!!
 Fotão!!!!!

Seen in www.flickr.com/photos/56541100@N00/friends/Gostei do título. :) :) A foto/momento está fantástica.Wonderful capture! He would make a excellent model!Buenisima!!!Haha love it!He is definitly hitting the right button.Superb shot....made me smile.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Just excellent !!!ótima foto!Congratulations!
This is an excellent shot!
 
Seen at the group:
  Super best shots on flickr** Awesome capture. Once in a lifetime shot.

 

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamondmuito engraçada :) ehehehthis is a wonderful group - welcome!  great capture!  HBM!This is AWESOME, you fit right in according to what I have seen, the tights are the BEST.  I'm afraid of this group too btw, I mean creative peeps out there but you are one of those creative ones so you will do just fine.I can't imagine why!  This is a perfect bench shot!  Very nice!oh...oh....oh  yeah baby!!!!!!

this is wonderful....and Happy 1st Bench Monday!!!!!Beautiful ... very beautiful♥

HBM!and what a brilliant 1st BM it is! HBM to you!nice capture, welcome &amp; HBM!Fantastic job! Welcome. Beautiful! HBM!Adorable!! Love this! Happy 1st Bench Monday!!you guys are so great!  thanks for the warm welcome.  i feel a bit better now. ;)Oh i love it!!! I am right there with ya!!  I joined the group but havent done my first yet...i dont even know where to begin.  This is a GREAT one!!! love it!This is great! You're a natural! hbm!Love it!!! HBM!So cute ... love this, very creative!Yeah!!  HBM!  finally...

But I know what you mean.  Explaining Bench Mondays to people (non-Flickrs) is sort of weird.Yay! Welcome to the club...

Fabulous shot...

HBM!People, don't be afraid of Bench Monday - we are a lovely bunch!! :D

Erika - I agree, my daughter's riding instructor thought I was insane today!!this is great...I'm glad you overcame...hbm to you!!!:)I LOVE it!! I think I avoided it because it wasn't spontaneous. It required a little work and forethought, and I always realize at about 10 am that it's Bench Monday!! So glad you joined!!!awesome!  great bench!  welcome - HBM!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)AMAZING!  impressive intro lady!great work!
HBM! (:welcome, don't be scared, it's great having you here! loving your glamourous heels, hbm mary! do it again soon. x.Awesome!  I love it!  Happy first bm!super-cuteness!adorable!  hbm!Great shot and awesome shoes! HBM!

Congrats on Explore!i love it! welcome to the club ;)explore?Welcome...HBM!!!!!!!this is very sweet...happy 1st!Totally lovely! HBM! Congrats on explore!That's a gorgeous capture in time. Well done..beautiful pic! 

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wonderful first BM shot.. this is really a great pic.. nicely done! HBM 

--

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

love it
fab shoes!!!It's an AWESOME 1st bench Monday- love the POV and the blackboard! Congrats on Explore.Welcome!  YAY!!!  What a great first bench monday!  Awesome!  =)Beautiful first bench monday! Hope there will be more!!!Great shot!LOVE this....so cute and welcome to the group! You are going to love Bench Monday...Yay! Congrats on explore!a fave. 100% beautifulWow,congrats!
This project looks like so much fun...I might start is sometime:)
Thanks for adding me as a contact!I think it's super cool! YOu did great!Really nice, seen a free of these hbm but this has got to be my FAVE! Well done on explore :-) your stream is great x

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Woohoo! Explored! That's great!!And did you realize that you have 5 photos in Explore? I remember you asking me about Explore a while back and you didn't have any. Yay!
www.bighugelabs.com/scout.php?username=cinco_mom&amp;sort...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called i♥u, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Oh you did goooood!  this is so cute!This is great!  I just started BM too and I love it.  Can't wait to try more creative things.  Adorable!awesome shot! congrats on explore! H(delay)BMoh, how wonderful!!YAY!!!! Bench Monday is like the best pool ever!!! It makes Mondays far less stank! 

love your tights + all the hearts. can't wait to see your next installment!Awesome!Poor little Danbo!: ))What did he do :(poor danbo!Uh-oh, this can't be good! LOL

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Poor danbo!really wonderful capture!!Does it take you a long time to come up with these scenarios? It must not be easy doing it once a day.Awe, DanbooooI'm sorry!awww...sorry you're stuck inside!POOR DANBO 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Nice pull-off of the concept. Very well done Arielle :)
I like the lighting here the most, just perfect to have a clear sight of Dan while the bars are kinda in the dark, showing the melancholy side of it. I love the way you placed it, the whole composition i mean.
Good job again :)awww let her out!!! :)awesome!Uh oh!Poor Danbo :-(Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dpoor danbo ;(Simply perfect!Wow beautifulThank you Fandrade and Halli!Ah, more blackination...what a wonderful description for this really effective practise Lori, and a beautiful pose from William with lovely detail :-)Absolutely wonderful!!  Have a great Monday, Lori!Amazing as always Lori!Fabulous!Fifi (don't you just love Mirthe's &quot;Blackilious?&quot;  Coining words in your non-native tongue is pretty clever!), Pam, Betty and Bonnie ~ thanks so much! I wish you a wonderful week.wonderful capture!!!Thanks tattoo friek!an other great shot; Lori you've made an other swan beautiful

------------ seen on my flickr home page.(?) ----------Yours photos of these beauty's are becoming more and more artistic, and more beautiful each time!  I thought at first glance from the thumbnail in my contacts page, that this was a close up of a white flower!  (Honest)when I saw the thumbnail I thought it was a &quot;lilly!&quot;Beautiful.......almost abstract.Nice blackination!
Truly beautiful!darren (a wiser one than i made William beautiful...), YoursTruly and foxglove (they are interchangeable, my flowers and my swans!), Martha and iofdi (it's too much fun for free!) ~ thank you for your lovely comments! I so enjoy reading them. Like getting valentines!aww your very sweet i love reading your very kind comments on my photos too! you have a great talent with your camera ^_^ hope you enjoy the rest of your day many thanks !!!&quot;This photograph is a FAVE!&quot;

&quot; ▓ Black in the back ▓ &quot;

very nice LoriThanks darren and Daz ~ you are very kind!Stunning capture, I love all your swans.Beautiful blackination here again!!! I can see faint reflections even in the blackination...William seems to agree...that &quot;S&quot; neck pose says...SUPER SWAN SHOT!yamahaglyn (you are very kind) and ScenicShooter (now you have to take a swan shot, so i can say, SUPER SWAN SHOT SCENIC SHOOTER!) ~ many thanks!Flexibilicious blackilicious beautiful William!!! 
Gorgeous again Lori!!Perfect portrait! Beautifully captured!

&quot;This photograph is a FAVE!&quot;

&quot; ▓ Black in the back ▓ &quot;Absolutely gorgeous!
 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.Mirthe ~ i adore your word play! Feel better!!!

iloverealestate and Päivi :) ~ thanks so much!What a great pose... how did you get him to do that... you must be good :o)
Lovely exposure Lori...I SAW THIS IN:
 

Shadow &amp; Light woodlice (i am good!) and tony ~ thanks so much!He is graceful in any pose and you just seem catch him in the most beautiful poses Lori.......Why thank you kathleen! I do keep an eye on him, even as i'm watching the others. I should have more eyeballs, lol.Delightful capture.Lillibets Pics ~ thank you so much!excellent Lori. Another special shot of william. That neck would come in useful for lots of things.So, so beautiful!
I SAW THIS IN:
 

Shadow &amp; Light so stunning
fav
 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.This is beautiful such wonderful shapes and great contrasts.very special-love the black backgroundTim, Chris, Louise, Molly and sinclair b ~ thank you so much! I think it's one of my favorites (don't tell the others...)YOU KNOW I LOVE THEM ALL. THIS IS STUNNING

I SAW THIS IN:
 

Shadow &amp; Light Thank you so much Kel! 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.Beautiful work (as always)! I really enjoy your work!Stunning

Seen in the fowlest group on Flickr!
Winged Water Wonders (Post 1 - Comment 1)
www.flickr.com/groups/wingedwaterwonders/links09, saraho25 (you are sweet!) and Tim ~ thanks so much! He makes it so easy, that William.Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.LolandeseVolante ~ thank you!Love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!scottish tom ~ thanks so much!

TigerCoin ~ thanks for the invite!~LOve ur wOrk~
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..I'm always impressed by how many uses geese and swans have for their long necks.  (Likewise hedgehogs and their prickles.  The use their spines for dozens of tasks.)

The power of natural selection!b&gt;&quot;This photograph is a FAVE!&quot;

&quot; ▓ Black in the back ▓ &quot;stuning shot!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)rabidash*, Flint-Hill (it is fascinating), photofinish and )Butterly( ~ thanks so much! I so appreciate your stopping by!Beautiful shot. Congrats on Explore.Thanks so much, Skipbro!This is unforgettable beauty! Thanks!Thank you, spaceysun!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!thaks for the invite, artland!Wonderful form, once again.   Swan love!lol...I do have swan shots...and really you nor anyone wouldn't want to see them...they suck...lol I really admire swans and have tried...they never come out sharp enough...so I come here and look at them. : )Fantastic  great capture!

Awesome Capture!

Thank you for adding this wonderful image to The Neighborhood Ecologist.Awesome!They look so interested in what you're doing!  :-)
Sweet Shot!
Your Wonderful Capture is invited to:

Nature's Beautiful Photography - INVITE ONLY 

We would be glad to have your excellent picture in the group Such a wonderful capture!Very beautiful!These came out great...I may go over there today!Extraordinary detail and clarity.
Excellent Shot. 
Marvelous Focus and Sharpness.wow great shot!  nice of them to strike a pose for you!Fantastic capture!And looking right at ya! How cool is that!Great shot.  Beautiful and inquisitive animals.
You have been invited to post this fantastic pic in: 
Cream Of The Crop Animal Pics **Invited Pics Only**Lovely! All in unsaturated tans, very nice.  Are you expecting snow this time around?  Cold and gloomy here.Nice nature look with the hungry ones.

Please post this wonderful image to::
 PicturePerfect (INVITE ONLY)
Looking right towards us. Love itNice eye contact.This is great; terrific composition and tones!  they're so aware of you...I like the look on their faces..wooow..So lovely. Great capture.an adorable shot, Diana !wow excellent capture. Like the look they are giving you.Beautiful portrait!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)woww amazing portrait!! love the texture and the pose is awesome, favv !Amazing photo !awesomegeniaaaal  está fotoooowonderful shot !!Great creation! Beautifully done!impressive sceneNice portraittrès beau portrait !Outstanding.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Blanc i Negre y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

,.-) !Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Black &amp; White Portraiture y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.ya lba th'a elzyn♥.♥ . {MINE}
hay ymkn elcomment elrab3 aktbah wynms7 -.- a55 t3bt ;(;@ 
anyways :p, elshoott :@byjneeeen :-O&lt;3 bs e7na shglna -_-?
a5r mrah asm7 lik belt3dey 3la 78o8 el25ean :p(A)&lt; understand'it :p(k)~ 
aaah shgd a7bik anah :( gd el39afer ely y6eroun f el9ba7 :$&lt;333 
ad3ey rbey f kil dgegah abga lik , wley tbgeean &lt;3 


يمكن يضيع الشــــوق في داخل إنســــــان
ويمكن يضيع إنســــان من كثرة الشـــــــوق
-
إشتيـآقـي لـك غـريـب أسـآل آحسـآسك يجيب  ..ylbeeech ya ro7i ,UR's&lt;3
lbeeh ally t3bbw ana:Pwala ur lap m5rf wsh aswy ana-.-&quot;
,3yoonch ally tjnn ya ro7i:P
kefi (6)hhhh zean y9er 5ear-.-
ya lbeh 'da al7b ya'3b'3b enty:Paamoot fe 'da al7b&lt;3
w ya 3saah doom&lt;3 yaLbeeh &lt;3;$
      A7bch MyM;p ;**:$Tootyah: ylbeek:*
a3shgch myG:PBellaty w Maryam hina&lt;3thats Huge ;p!ya Fdeeeet My M ♥.♥ 
Miss you 7ayati :&quot;&quot;) A7bch ;$YaaalBeeh ;p &lt;3 -__-&quot;god bless you!A7bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbk&lt;3Omwaaa7 3lihOum ;$&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 _ &lt;3 
fdet ilModel ;$ 
Miss yew 7yati :( 
Ly;$thanq's&lt;3
Sexyeah: yaa a77:Pcool one
well Done..!Bonita: Fdwh:P,miss u more;(
leah majyti alyoom wya ur friend NOOF-.-!
a7bs:Pallah y7f’6iich 2booy ..,LOVEu &lt;33ya labah tha ilzoul&lt;3!!Awesome **thanq's fdetkm:P&lt;3Tjaneein ;$&lt;3 fave ;)fdeit ilzeen ana bss &lt;3 
ya zeink ya M :**
adore you babeee7lateeen :PBeauty'm:fdwh:P,tslmenn:*
wana more&lt;33

thanq's both&lt;3Love you Hunadore u&lt;3Fdeet Al-Model ♥♥♥♥Ya jameel Enta :$ 
a7beik :$ .. muwah ~gorgeous : )ya zean elPOLO 3lehm ;) 
like it mn galb &lt;3
ily:*Fav Ya 56eeer ;P(L) Gr8 &lt;33
FAVaaaaaaaaw raw3a Czn ...


fav ~
=* miss u ya 8albiLbaa maha:P
LY ya jameela ;)&lt;3ya lbeeh :**(L)&lt;37laaah&lt;3 :P
love youh=*Adore you`h ♥♥♥♥lba elmodel bs ♥:**
adore youh yab6a =P♥♥amazing shot;*



gr8 shoooot =*Loveuado5 ana ;'$
fave &lt;3Amazing ;**&lt;33
aweeeeeeeh 3laa al9oooraa



raw3aaaaaaaaaaa


&lt;3 it 


malhaa 7aal al9oooooora



nice pic




ebdaa3




comment me pllz

=D 





Miss you babyya lbaa bss ;*;$!!a55 fdeet al.model&lt;33miss you 7bebte:&quot;)!

So NicEAmiiziing..&lt;33*Lba Maha bs
a555 lovi'ch mn 8lbi wrabi &lt;3_&lt;3Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2553828...ya Zeen alZeen bs :$&lt;3 
arou7 fdwa ll mOdel :O♥ lba Qulbik ya aljmeel ♥.♥ btw7shni wajd;'(Gentel: Tlbeech ya ro7ii
aamoot fe 'da al7b w ra3yh:P
Sarawyah: alzean a9lk ya glbi:P
Fdwwh ya b33ddi&lt;3&lt;3,w enty btw7sheni morrre:(Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22671lbbba O allf lbbba ;)FAv

Yjnn ilStyle (L) Cool wrbi ;):O 

Lovely Shot Sweety ** 

NOURA ♥♥   : 

Kl Mkan Ashoofch :P XD

Hhh 
Loovich



About ilpiic 

Fav :OLba Martina Bs ;* ;$ A7bch Alooot , Tslm Ymanch 7yaty ;**
Ya-Labaah 8ilbhm ana 
Ya-3mry 3Leech 
So AmaZinG 
Raw3a mn 8ilb 
alla Ya-7F‘9ch inshalla 
Miss U So Mach 
Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep it up Sweeeety
&lt;33





( i Hoooooooope to see Your Comment in My Flickr )The Emperor :w lbbeh glbk:P&lt;3
Menoly:mn thoqch:*
Elegant:tlbek:P,wana more&lt;3
7a'9ren:*
Alshhwany :Ylbbek:P
w enty more fdetk:*,tslmen&lt;3fav :*Love u bnt 3mty :$:Pvery nice


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.) A7bk ;''$
لك حبيب يموت فيك حس به الله يهديك  ;''''$ !!
wdee bshoftg &lt;3 !
Faved &lt;33
Love u !so nice pic 


love it &lt;33


hope tow see your comment guys

Explore 
 
:)



ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـر

Congrats ;D
Seen On Explorewow rhebh&lt;33
seen on explore front page :p&lt;33 Lovely
exploredLbaaah w Lbaah Tlbeeb ;p Miss Youh 7ubi ;*;C&lt;33Lba elmodel 

Faved , ;)favedammoot 3la Faanhm 
Tjnn Mahoooi !!!
Suure ,, FAVEyaa zein tha Ezoul Mn BdhOm &lt;3 ;)ya lba 2lmodel 
faved &lt;37ta Ellink ma 6rshtyh @_@
Nice -_-♥____♥yalbbeeh :P&lt;\33sexy ya jmeel anta ♥ faved w ana m'3m9 ;)FAv &lt;33Mlooka: w7shtni shofftk&lt;'3
Rona:miss u more 7yate;&quot;
MNERA :Ylbeek :P&lt;3
M.A.M:Fdwh yalsmyh&lt;3 mn thoqch ya ro7i:P
Some lady: alzean a9lch&lt;3
Moony:ylbech:P
thanq's all&lt;3mahawyah: sorry:O 3yonch alnice:P
S,M.M : kllch thooq fdetch&lt;3
la hntw:P&lt;3Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Ylbh Ro7hm &lt;3 :* , Miss you wrbi =( 
7ssssi B7ali ='( , wrbi A7bch :*  
P.S :  صعب يهووا احد غيرك وهو ميت اساسن فيك :*faved &lt;3FAVlady nona ;fdwh:p,wenty more:*
thanq's bothpolo &lt;&lt;3 

FAV♥tslmonxD&lt;3Etjnn :*
Lbaaaa La.Martina  bs`Well Done&lt;3&lt;33 YouFeek mftoon :Fdwh lch:P
Amoone :adore u;)
thanq's all&lt;3Aaa5 3jeeeba el.shot *.* Allah y7f`6 el.model (A) :*mn thoqch ,w y7f'9ch&lt;3ya Labeeeeeh &lt;3
wsh tha elzeen ya Martina ;O ana ash'hd enk t5ggen maraah :$
ya rouu7ei ;) love youYlbeek:P&lt;3
alzean a9llk ya b3di enty:P,Fdetk bs:*
adore u;)Great shoot:* Fav  FAV :***A555 ! 
Lba al.model ;&quot;$ Aya 3leech ♥_♥

FavNice&lt;33333333333333 @@Niiiiiiiiiiice Mshalallla  
F
A
V
 
Commnt Me Pllz...Wonderfulwoow tjannnn &lt;3ya zen il.zen ;p missing youhYlbh Ro7hm &lt;3love youh :*♥Nice &lt;3nice takenSA:Fdwh ya b3di:P&lt;3
mystery:alzen a9lch:*,wenty more:**
Scooter:Ylbeeech ya ro7i:P:*
sweety shoshi:adore u:*

thanq's all&lt;3Allah Y7F'6 al.Model ;D Ya Zeen AlModel Bs ♥ , Miss Yow MyM :&quot;&lt;3 ~Fa6ma:w y7f'9vh:*
Jojeta: ya lbeh,miss u more myJ:&quot;&lt;3N!ce:PA7bch ;(&lt;3F a v :*:**Alla y7f`9ch BabeJ:wana a3shggcch&lt;3&lt;3Classic:w y7f'9ch&lt;3 ya Lba iLy NsOunii :&quot;)&lt;'3 !! Gorgeous !uuufff my soulmate :&quot;
dnyaa kjraaa @:@::@:@:@::@:@
uuuf hate kl sshhi _!_ 
ammot fech :&quot; 
ma 3ndi '3eeerch my bitch :( 
luv u 
Brrrrb :&quot;

FAAAv

So Sweet ^^Fave :O♥♥♥ hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh xD al color moooooot ♥____♥ ahhhhhhe :$Great

Tjnn :$pinnnnnnk :O♥ . Mout ;) Perfect Shooooot &lt;3a7la ya Pink :'O &lt;3 , a7bbbbich wRbi :$ , Omwah =* ;$

FAAv

Love u :* mwa7 ;$Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~`






Nice .. &lt;3

Raw3a .. &lt;3 THE COLOR D=

FAV L3YONCH

Big FAV
CUTE elcolor ♥♥ thx : )(k)
yaaaa n9ii al.thaaaanii 
ana wyaach one soul :$
ma nftrg FOREVER _!_!_!_!!_
ll7en an6r bostii oky ? :) Hhhhhhhh ya b3d rasi xD 
amwaaaaaaaaaa 7:@ ya lbba al'onotha x'D :P   

Nice pic

=)




R photographer
.3sssssssssl ;$ ahhhee :$ &lt;$
&lt;3333 
Muaaa777777'z&lt;3 A7Bch **: ;$
Miss yewh &lt;'3


 n!ce 

raw3a 

Comment Me 



ياوردي يامجنني !
كلمات في قمه الذوق 
صباحج زي الفل:P.exploredHi, I'm an admin for a group called Makeup World!! (Join Monthly Contest), and we'd love to have this added to the group!lovely color &lt;3
5yaal il loon ;DAmazing Color !
Magnificent capture Darling &lt;3'
*FAVHi, I'm an admin for a group called Colour Makes Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ya3eeenny 3l onooothaaa ;p
love u dlo3ty :pBeautiful!
Pinkish × Pinkish &lt;33333333
nice Mashalla (Y)
You are Totally BnoOtah :P
Abd3ty Sis ;D
أبدع ـتي يـ القينآGorgeous! I love that pink.Lovely ♥favedniice shoot =P
&lt;33 it
comment me ..الفوكس خيااال

=)

fav ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh2 :@ ;((((((&lt;3

3jeb al color 

nice 

comment me la hnteحلو الون الوردي ويدل على الانوثه 

بس اانا احس انوثه المره بالحنا 

تسلم هاليمين

:)OH wow! What great details this has! And the red mask in all the grey... I am sure you were freezing! :)If you would like to see the details, I may post one of these as well..





OH, I just cannot decide which one I like best! Although the last one has a certain magic to it...WOW, amazing! The last two are my faves... especially the second to last. What a beautiful pose! They are all fantastic... the mask is lovely and they have such DEPTH. Really cool shots.these are incredible!!Maybe I haven't been paying close enough attention, but these are so out of left field for you, and I love it! I seriously love how dead the colors are (not even desaturated or muted, but dead) except for the vibrancy of that mask. Fantastic job!

 Agreed. Those last two are killer.wow that is just stunning! I can't decide which one I like the best, but I adore the last two. The tones are haunting and beautiful!These are some of the strongest I've seen you come out with. :)THE THIRD in commentss!! eeeeeeppp!!!! :Dplease please please post the 3rd... :)*falls in love

These are a.maaaz.ing.All are excellent, I love how the mask is really the only color in the shots.this is lovely!!!!Lore I am jealous!  This is beautiful!Thank you all so much!
You're right Drew, this is a little unusual for me, but I think that's what made it interesting. 
Posting #3 now..
Also, whoever thought shredding nylons could be so much fun?the last one !
(:these are unreal! I am blown away by how unique these shots are
they look so dark which I love
this is incredible
please post more!!Totally stunning work, there is so much I love about it I dont know where to even start!I'm not sure which amazes me more, the fact that you managed to walk around that place in those shoes, or that you took all these photos without a jacket on! 

All of these are just gorgeous. I love the rips in your tights, the mask, the shoes, the wispy tulle-looking thing - just all of it. The location is also just stunning. Really wonderful work!Wow, I can't describe how I feel right now looking at these photos ~ the black and white background, and you with the dress, and the red mask ~ they work together so perfectly and beautifully.
aw, I love it so much!Omg, I love this. We should have a shoot together sometime soon. You creativity is incredible!Alice in wonderlandish.
ClassyCool composition !Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.bellissima serie di scatti...mooolto particolari

love itWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DStunning!I LOVE this!! really great!Really nice, tones are beautifulnx

well done on explore :-)

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Ahh thank you everyone!

that edit girl: My snow boots are hiding behind that wall...so I didn't do much walking around in heels there :)

Stephanie: Yes, let's!This is awesome!!These are amazing shots and the location is awesome!Oh wow great shot though what an experience!!Wow. Nice. Very nice.Espectacular e histórica¡¡¡looks like a crazy fun ride, very cool shot!you were very lucky!  Great shot.Amazing !What an emotional photo!  Beautifully shot sir!Fantastic capture man!
How long did you wait for this Takeoff?Historic  shot!!Awesome but also sad. Obama neutered NASA. I am sick about it. Hopefully congress will save american manned spaceflight so our kids have some sort of hope for the future...Excellent. I envy your experience. Best wishes to your papa.Love it!Was lucky enough to see a launch when my sub was in canaveral prior to work up DASO launch of Missile..
Ultra Cool to get a guided trip round the area by hosting &quot;boat&quot; prior to launch.. The international space station will be the kids legacy.. From there next step the moon and building there.. Where there's water in any form there can be life..
O2 to breath &amp; 2H2 for fuel..hope yer dad's okay jawesome shot, considering the circumstances well done....
Its a once in a lifetime oppertunity.....Oh... my... God...  INCREDIBLE shot!!!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Please add this picture to the STS-130 Flickr Group.The light. My goodness.why are you so amazing? i just don't understandI LOVE THIS 
THE SIMPLICITY
caps were necessaryFocusinggg, tonesss. yeahhhum. i love these.youre amazing holy crapthe lighting and focus are marvelousyou have no idea how incredible this isi like the tones and the light
this is amazingAmazing, both of them, the lighting is gorgeous.i loveee the light and tones and the colors, so pretty much everything :)she is absolutely stunning
I love how angled this all is
I don;t think that made sense
but basically this is greatpowerful  well donethat bokeh.. stunner.This is so so good.I like the one in the first comment better than the top one but both are very good portraits.i really like this oneimpressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!oh my god. i saw this on tumblr and it had no credit and i got pissed and  then i saw it on your stream and i was like OH YES!! 
this is truly amazing.where is it without credit???!!!!! gahhhhhhhh

Thank you everyone!!!!don't worry i added it (: and yelled at them. 
i can't tell you.. i made a new tumblr. it's a secret.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I got a sick obsession., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is so cute. LOVE it.Great shot.I love this.
The focus is perfect.
The tones are wonderful.excellentoh my god I am close to tears this is so beautiful.i love the depth of field and the tones!
colours are so neutral and i love it :Dprecioso pelo, I like itjillian is so pretty. i feel so creepy saying that cause i barely know her, but yeah. shes soo gorgeous. and the bokeh here is like RIDICULOUSa-mazing.Gorgeous! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Very Very Beautiful &amp; lovely shotnicely processedbeautiful capture....jus wow..This is looking lovely !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )stunning! 
Excellent shot!beautiful =)Beautiful compositioncheers guys:)congrtz to the sweet couple ..  u guys look awesome.. 
amazing piccute! :))varah salhi!!!
cheers :)Salhi eyy meeethi!beautiful portrait and really great treatment!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Love Is A Place, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Wonderful use of one colour! The result looks great.lovely n wonderful shot......
great work buddy7BrbYaaaa 56eeera 2nty
3saa doom hl2bdaa3 bnt el5aala
Oo about weld el5ala doom jmeel ya jmeela 
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;3♥♥♥♥♥ great one hindoO
love you hind &lt;3 
Nice modle ;p 
NICE PIC 
HANOOD keep 
goin &lt;33 you &amp; miss 
you mn 8lb :'(3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteily Hinda kteer 
w elshot ktha (Y) &lt;3'chone of my favorites !mashallllllaops ;O  el9wmali here :P 
raaaaaaby y7f'6 elmodel , sure faveeThanks All &lt;33 

SaρshOoł'eta ; e5oui msh 9wmali -__-&quot; :p Brrb ;*la3b nadyy il wakra :PFavedmashallah so cute model*Seen in explore7soon :O !!! :Pppp hhhhhhhhhFaved ♥♥faved ♥ alla ya'7f9h So Cute niiice shoot &lt;333~! 

comment me pllz (K) *Great *_*
مساء الجوري
ربي يحفظه من كل شرops sh3ndaah la3b alwakra :P 
AmazinG shoot ;)GR8lovely7ilwa il words :D
Amazing &lt;33
Fav ; ~
FAV



nice pic


keep it upnice shotspettacolo--
please join us at:
Strictly GeoTagged

geotag here
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )spettacolo puro!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Da togliere il respiro,incantevole!!!beautifulllll!Beautiful!  I could use a dose of that right now as I am buried under 29 inches of snow with more on the way.  Ahhhh...Bellissima!Fantastica!Genius!Il tuo photostream è affascinante. Foto attira foto e guardarlo tutto è proprio un piacere.:O
Sembra un paesaggio quasi nordicoE' molto bella, uno spettacolo assoluto...
Però...
Vista in grande sbaglio o è un po' &quot;velata&quot;, sfuocata, mossa o che so io? Mi sembra un po' poco definita... :-((bellissima foto... bravo manuel!!intenso titolo! intensa fotografia! 
uno spettacolo di cielo con palcoscenico il marecomplimenti!Grazie a tutti! Thanks everybody!!

@ AlbeSte:  Ti faccio vedere un dettaglio... così puoi vedere che è Flickr che pasticcia un pò con i JPEG... purtroppo... ;)


clicca qui per vedere il dettaglio ancora più da vicinoGreat Shot!
Go on like this.
If you find time check for my Stream I have some interesting images.

Man your stream is awesome!


--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Accidenti. Hai proprio ragione... Infatti la versione media non mi sembrava così poco definita, invece ingrandendola si perde molto...
Quindi è il tool di ridimensionamento usato da Flickr che fa casino!!! Buono a sapersi... almeno eviterò quel genere di commenti in futuro! :-)

Grazie per l'utile precisazione.meraviglia delle meraviglie...da contemplare!:)Great landscape, light and colorwonderful landscape!This amazing shot Seen in:

Italian Flickr WorldBeautiful!sensational tones, very delicate and beautiful!Grazie davvero a tutti!! Thanks everybody!! :)excellent shotgreat shot!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Your photo is really the best

Show us your best
========================superb !

Your photo is really the best

Show us your bestBeautiful!!

Your photo is really the best

Show us your best&lt;/bnice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Sardegna Friends. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.very cool representation of something so horrid and annoyingGood shot. How lovely to have your aunt's bell too.Fab bell! and thank you xFab bell. A great awareness shotgreat idea

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Outstanding image, great shot and treatment.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This really highlights the ringing. Well done!really well donegood shotgreat abstractfantastic
A Fantastic Image
Thank you for posting!

A Definite Favorite!!
Golden Masterpiece Award
Golden Masterpiece Group
Please Tag Image &quot;goldenmasterpiece&quot;Well DoneThanks Guys!!Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.great idea!Fab idea!ooh, it's wonderful!  they all match-y without actually matching. buttons are so cool.really cool.Beautiful ! Good job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Vintage Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Love it!those colors are fantastic lisawhat a cute idea -- you keep coming up with 'em!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous crafting details, and we'd love to have this added to the group!WOW! So diferent!OMG! I love your buttons bouquets :)absolutely gorgeous! :)Beautiful!
What a great way to display vintage buttons.Way cool!  Love the colors - what an awesome idea!  :)This is awesome, Lisa!! You are so very good at what you do. And you do so very much :)What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Artistic Shoot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Visional Artistic Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical Beauty, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Excellent Shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow what a great idea!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomefab representation.great image to raise awareness

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Great post, great shot :-)great shotgreat shotExcellent!Excellent shot!What a great shotGreat representation.Great work Mitch and I do hope you don't suffer with tinnitus.  Take care LOL.This really highlights the constant suffering. Excellent shot.Fab shot, your representation and how you get the point across works really wellgreat representationgreat ideaFab shotLike an old city that has fallen!   Very nice sky and pilings!Another great shot!Hey! Stay there! I'm packing heat and I ain't afraid to pop a cap in ur ass! The lower left/middle portion of the sky looks kind of funky as it transitions abruptly to the blue sky.  The comb, or maybe it is a toothbrush, piling is something I have never seen before. You go superhero!Well conceived and executed. This is great photography!Great tones and comp, Christina! Excellent shot!Great work..This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.That guy was watching you thinking I hope that girl isn't hungry or thirty because I am NOT sharing my dinner or this mad dog 20/20. 

Interesting toothbrush comp. Sorry,  made me laugh. Seriously though..what is that antenna doing out there? I like the color. Hope you had a good weekend.Super foreground and nice brushes...Love this Christina.Awesome Christina! Love the morning colors and the smoothness of water. Great piling action here. Jon's right, there's a comb out there in all this. I hope you didn't scare that homeless guy too bad.Love the colors and composition!sweet.  I like the calm water.  nice composition.  great shot.Hey!!! you got some pilings!!! :-DD...I like it &amp; the colors are &quot;my kind&quot;..:-)  I wish you a great week ahead!!fantastica, wooooooooooooooooooohhh, enhorabuena.This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.This is very nice!

This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.Love the lilac(?) coloursWhat's a photoshoot without a little love from a homeless guy?  boring :)  The rocks in the foreground really bring the eye in for some pilings love.  You caught some nice color here too!  Love it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Piling Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Are you a member yet?  Come on and drink the kool aid - don't worry Gary brewed it.nice shot!!Great foreground and long exposure effect on the water.  Pleasing image.

--Garywhat a mood to this shot, fantastic composistion, love the rocks in the foreground.Great compossistion and capture nicely done.beautiful color here, and nicely composedLove the repetition and purple sunrise. One of these days I'm going to se one of those again. Keep putting up these beauties as reminders!!Lovaly image! Very interesting combination of shapes.. the colours look wonderful as well!!

This is a magnificent example of
Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
Thanks for adding to
Nature's Pot-of-Gold Group.Nice purple tones!Gloriously beautiful. This has an almost apocalyptic feel to it because of the broken wood pieces in near silhouette.Love this Christina! Great purple tones and some really cool pilings out there. Did you get any with the homeless guy in the foreground? :-)This is kick ass girl..That foreground rocks and swirling water are sweet..And I like how you were able to keep detail in the pilings..Sweet shot buddy..Great low angle and rich colors, good work my friend.Fantastic....You have a beautiful Fotostream!!Beautiful Shot!Nice shot. I really like the color.Nice shot. Great colorBeautiful light and color.Nice shot girl! Are you sure that homeless guy wasn't Miles in disguise? Did his sign read &quot;Will work for Cookies&quot;? 

Great shooting with you yesterday!!I like the sheen on those dark rocks in the foreground.  Beautiful!
DanielMy first reaction was...not a waterfall? My next reaction was...not deep green? Love the shot - it looks ghostly with the old pilings.As usual, amazing picture.bellissima foto,complimentiGreat vantage point, great low point of view.great light and composition!Beautiful colour and great detail!Congratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!Beautiful colours and tones :)
well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)I like this one more every time I see it..
Maybe we can do a print swap ???
That is if you like any of my shots..nice shot!!Excellent shot and outstanding photography. Love the colours. Beautifully done Christina!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LO SCRIGNO / THE COFFER - &quot;INVITED ONLY&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow...this photo is magnificent. Very well done. Congrats...nice picture..i like the sky..Nhìn chị D lạ quá:-omàu chấtstyle qá chị ạ xDhết hồn đó =.= e tưởng 1 model nam nào nữa của chị chứdt* :x:(( dm dep. the' :((:)) chụp bừa đấy, mong cty ngta nhận :))pix nay dep!! Nhung G bi han che lens roi!!!chup 50mm mai~ bi go` bo' lam'rất cá tinh !!! 
chụp fashion thế này ko nhận thì công ty đó quá của quá khét khe rồihồi sáng mới bị chê đây này.  hux. tiêuamazing :Dđẹp thế này còn chêđẹp mà ! :(( như HQ :((rat deptam nay dep nhat trong 4 tam,nhin tuong NTV day chutấm này đẹpthấy vợ giỏi ko?nice photo thanks 4 sharingchơi ;;)rất cá tínhLovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Dphong cách rất HQ :XHi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!kính có ve wa to! hình nì có vẽ hap dan nhất trong 4 tấm :)hmmm:)mmmmmm, love chocolate, beautiful tones.yum !!lovely compo, beautiful tones! :)yum !! yum !!Those look yummy!  I love the peachy tones in this shot.Yum, verry nice tones!yum!ohmygosh...yummy! :)oh my
I'm so addicted to choclatehmm they look delicious!yummmm!  Love the soft tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix DESSERT Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!sat sri akal, dear 
Love the softness, the muted color! Nicely capturedyumBeautiful!Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group :--)))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ((( transcend dépassez supere 超越しなさい ))), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.yumdoes it well.the colors! dude kills it!howwww!!high guy.Looks awesome!oh, WOW. 
always fresh.yeesssiiirrrrrr..ibd s..gettem kaputo....gggboomThe big cheese .......nice one!awesome
bravo!ill!ill indeed.sick funkmind explosionbig timenice wall
migeeLike it like itkaput got that illlll flowthis rocks!style is freshh!Executed clean, but this style is lameI beg the differ.  Kaput has been doing some of the best letters and concepts for years.  But, everyone has an opinion.  Great contrast and color work...One of my favorites for sure.
RaerLarge straight line to small straight line; arrow. Wavy curvy line through the straight line; arrow. Wavy curvy line, hole; another wavy curvy line. Then throw in some jagged shapes which vaguely define letter structure. This ain't conceptual, this is simple, hip, and trendy. I'm not trying to incite an argument or be insultingly critical, just my speculation from what I see a lot of on 'net. His other shit is coo thoughthis style is a lot harder to pull of than you might think. when you describe it you make it sound easy to do... but the difficulty is make it look good at the same time.

kaput has been on this style for YEARS before it was discovered as &quot;trendy&quot;

no offense to your opinion, im from vancouver, do your research as to where these styles come from before you call it out..Kaput invented being awesome, this is real.WOW! CAn only be seen in first person to really appreciate no doubt.Awesome....... Such pretty light and colors!  That dress is the cutest!!!
HBM :)that light is so awesome!!! I wish I could tell you what this bench is called! : ( whatever it is, it counts! ; ) HBM, rosina!HBM!fabulous lighting and beautiful colors!!!! HBM!great colors and light! wonderful! HBMLOVE!! LOVE!!! I just love your work!!!!!! puts a smile on my face!!!!!!! HBM!!!!!awwww.  sweet light and colors.  hbm!awww adorable shot !!!! No idea what they are called lolThe light and the colors are beautiful! HBM!!=)very cute, the colors pop, hbm!Beautiful!  Gorgeous light!sweet shot rosina... love the color... hbmvery sweetsuper cute! love those colors. :)hbm!Adorable! Beautiful light and tones! hbm!so bright and cheerful, hbmadorable adorable adorable!  HBM!looks like fun was had by all rosina!! great light &amp; cute little feet!! hbm! :)love this, rosina -- gorgeous light!! hbm :)Cute lil' shoes.  HBM!Fabulous light! HBM!this light....lovely !HBM!!
i love it!!
love the sunny tones and the beautiful mood   xI love the light here, amazing work!This is so adorable!! I love the shoes and the colors here!!! Great shot and HBM!awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!  this is so sweet!  what lovely light.cant help but to love those shoes! =)Aww, this makes me smile. so sweet. HBM!Fabulous!  Love the light.I love this light, and the rich rfed. So pretty!Lovely light and colors !!!SO GREAT! I love the lighting!!Gorgeous light and adorable shoes!! Lovely, creative bench shot! HBM!Absolutly cute!!! Love their shoes!!so cute!  hbm  xAwww... I always look forward to such sweet bench monday shots from you! :o)SO cute!  The tones are perfect!


Seen in  Bench Monday
Adorable light, &amp; tones--imbued with your trademark warmth and love. :)

Does it spin? It's so small, I wouldn't think so. But if so, I'd probably refer to it as an old-fashioned metal carousels. But without kids of our own yet, I sure wouldn't listen to me. ;)I love the light. Love the shoes. Love their poses. Love everything about this! HBMSo cute! :)))i Love the color iT's amazingSuch lovely sunshine!

HBM!Perfect. I love the colors.HBMGreat idea! HBMDarling!!! HBM!Perfect HBM shot!  Love the gorgeous warm light and soft tones!Fun! I yearn for the sun today, it's been snowing here.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so sweet...hbm!!!!:)very pretty!
HBM!Love this, HBM!you just have to keep blowing our minds don't you...could you just take and okay shot every once in a while to make the rest of us not feel sooo bad!  wowza, woman, you on firrre.Loooove the lighting!!
The colors here are gorgeous too. 
HBM lady!adorable!!this is so precious. what a great shot. love everything.cute!The flare is really great!really cute!  hbm to you rosinaaaa!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Sweet sweet little feet and I love the light!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Such a cute dress:)Perfect! That was a good idea!HBM! this is so precious, love the polka dotsvery very cute and i LOVE the colors :)I love the retro colors, Rosina...and those pink chucks with the polka dot dress is just way too cute!! I didn't have my act together for BM today...hopefully I'll get inspired enough for next week.so so cute..and beautiful light!  hbm!Super cute, wonderful colors! HBM!So cute. You are so creative! It's fun to see what you come up with each day.Wow Rosina this is wonderful, so cute and colourful and just lovely!!Love the colours!Love the retro colors and the light is beautiful! Such a cute shot! HBM!!Very cute!  I love the light!  HBM!!!  =)fantastic shot! gorgeous light!really wonderful colors and great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )Oooooh...I just love the light and fun colors here! Such a fabulous shot!
HBM!totally cute!so so sweet!Cute!very nice capture!
Seen in: 
Life is ... The Way I See It ...Back to say: Congrats on another touching Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Wonderful shot, congrats on explore!Phantastic detail!

Ciao,
AndySo cute, lovely colourThis is adorable!This is so adorable.  Love the light, the tones and of course those little feet.  Great bench monday shot!que bonita!Very good capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.I LOVE U mooooooooooooooooore TAMY !!!! Fdeeeeeeet-ha anaa Wrabiii !!
tyann Mashallh 3aleeha !! 
Amooot 3 aln’9raa Ana 
:P
Amaaa abtsamt-ha mallha 7all :P 
Cuuuuuuuuuuute @.@ 
Mashallh 
Raabii y7f’9ha W 5aleeha lkm (L)________(L)
Ooo 
kllkm 8ollo mashallh :P 
(L)____(L)
&lt;3 
 
Biiiiiig Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaav  &lt;/3 
(L)_(L)ماشالله ربي يحفظها انشالله 
looovha &lt;333Zuz 
iLoooveeeee you ZUZ.tii !!

Nice



Oooya 3aleeha Bss &lt;&lt;&lt;3
Mashallah :**
A7bich Tom Tom (666)-

Waaay 
Mshallah Alla Ye7f'9ha
Rby Y7f'6ha :*
Cute
Mashalla (L)___(L)ya fdait noor&lt;3 , imiss you fa6ma :(&lt;/3Ya laba Noor bs &lt;3thanks ya 7lwaen
RHA
Miss you more walah &lt;/333:&quot;(niceفديييييت روحها :****فديتها 
الله يحفظهاfdeait Smeetii ;p&lt;3god bless her :* she's looking pretty mashalah :* 
btw : miss you friendMashalla CuteFidat Noorاي القمال والحلاوه دي
بسم الله ماشاء الله يافاتمه :pmashallah 3aleeha !;*Miiiiiiineeeeee :@ياربي يحفظها تززن ماشاء اللهMashallahmr Lonly q6r
LOL:P

Mariam
your'z ;')Arabella 
Miss you more wallahi :&quot;( Mashaaaaaaaallah ;* Cuuute!Mashaaalllaaa&lt;3
Tjnn Mashallah **

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   thanks:*Great
amazing



Cuteeee 
MashallaCutii &lt;3FAV ;)cuteee
mashallaHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.mashalla:*ya zeeinha mashalla &lt;\33♥♥mashalla,Thanks7yate
mashalla[http://www.flickr.com/photos/27982366@N06/4340533675/in/photostream/]beautiful image love the light and the tutu skirt.Simply fabulous! hbm!How pretty :).  hbm!oh she's beautiful.Ohhh so sweet♥♥ HBM!very pretty - lovely pastel colours! hbm  xlove the colors here... and the glow of the light--- the coolest light ever!!!
HBM!!love the name lucia.  adorable capture.  HBM!i agree, coolest light ever! HBM!Very cool! Love the light, and her sweet little tutu! HBM!!Magical...

HBM!Magical.....sweet....love this!wonderful!wow what an awesome light!\
hbmohh looove this!So magical!  HBM!This is so enchanted ... very creative! Love it!so sweet...hbm!!!!:)Bench monday... maybe I oughta join this group.  I love your bench monday shots!beautiful!that lamp ROCKS!! i LOVE it!! hbm!! very cute!This is so cool :) Her shirt is really lovely and is related to that light in my opinion.beautiful shot. Very creative.beautiful!  love all the textures and light together!  &lt;3  HBMLovely! Nice tutu and light!Lovely! HBMLove the tutu and light. A very Happy Bench Monday photo!!what a fun light!  hbm!Wow..gorgeous!!  Love the light green and the light blue.  :)  HBM!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so so beautiful!  I love it...hbm!Love it!  Great shot!  HBM!oh how sweet love thisA fantastic shot, awesome composition 
Thanks for sharing!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Soo so sweet. 
Love it. 
HBM!The light and color are exquisite. Excellent concept.amazing pic ..
and lighting ..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 點滴旅程, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Let share your life with us now.Gorgeous!This is cool. Great Lightingabsolutely lovely!gorgeous! can't believe i missed this. x.so so charming . i adore your bench monday shots . blue+green = my two most favorite colors in the world =)

1st
Ma Sha allah

Mashalla ~ 

I &lt;3 U Meno ~ 

fdat hal 2bd3 walla ~ 

;) ~Love it mashalh
well Done..!Mashallah &lt;3


Amazing // Faaaav .. //

mashalla :) &amp; &lt;33 the words **ya3umry :*O (LL) omwah &lt;33Mashalla :*
favThanx all :**mashallah ^^,
Nicely Eyes &lt;333
And amazing word's (F)
abd3ttte ya alshe5aa (A)MashallaMshalla &lt;333 :*
iLy ;$fdeeet hal3yooon ana 
miiiiiiiiss uuuuuu 7bibi 
a7bich waayyyyd
beautifulll eye *mashallah
  (F)
Roo7y tra fdwa L-3yoonk el7lwa ♥__♥ 
So Fave ;** mwaah xxxMeno♥♥♥mashalla ;pmahsalla &lt;3 tynnnnnfdeeait 3noonch Onah♥:'$:'$:'$Adore You :*&lt;3:|انا اشهــد ;O Mashalaah ♥♥SoN!!!ec

keep it up

comment mebeautiful Mashalla
Keep Going ,,Beautiful really beautifulThis is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)'Mashaalla
alla y7f6' ilModelThis is pretty amazing!!!!fantastic eye! very nice shotmashalla (L)Yaa lapeeh &lt;3~
Ya zeeen 3younhm ;O &lt;3Very sharp!خطيرة جدا هالصورة الجميله
للعلم شاهدتها في هذا الرابط
www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/
موفقينMashalla Mashalla ;$Mashallla &lt;3so happy to see this flower again...stunning image Monica!lovely processing resulting in a lovely photo!i love this pov and the processing is gorgeous...marvellous daisy portrait !And it a beautiful daisy, great macro Monica! have a great week ahead my friend,Wow fantastic shotAnother beauty...love the colour &amp; focus.  Have a great day.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)such beautiful processing! gorgeous image.oh my absoultely beautiful!!  truly!Love that color Monica! Nice Macro!I think this one is my fave so far, Monica!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )A beautiful good morning smile
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )what beautiful light and color..:-))
xoxoxoBeautiful detail and color in this one!I love the colour of this flower, Monica!  Great pov and wonderful Dof!  Wonderful light on the petals almost gives the flower a two-toned appearance!

 Seen In My ContactsAnother stellar creation!  Love the way the pettals fade from vivid to black.  Have a great day!love the pov and the beautiful treatment, have a great week ahead:)1 out of 20 is pretty good... gorgeous light and treatment!  ;-))

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the exposure on this one - makes it look like an entirely different flower.  So well done Monica.great macro Monica. I love the treatment.
the colour is beautiful.love the amazing color..so lovelyLove the color and light.Great shot! So beautiful and extraordinary!!!Lovely gerbera and shot!!beautiful lighting

-- Seen in the Canadian Female Photographers GroupMonica - I love your flowers - you present then so beautifully, rich color and superb focus...well done!!Beautiful color contrasts and lovely compose.I love the tones here and DOF is perfect. Beautiful.20 different PoV's, huh?  I love it when one object can occupy our attention like that.  Fabulous macro Monica...well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photos of QUALITY  to Smile About /POST 1 COMMENT ON 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant, stunning and breathtaking my friend  wowmarvellous colour tones and pin sharp where it needs to be!Capturing a gleamer of hope the flower flows to the center give a glow of infinity.Love the light &amp; colour here!Pretty.Excellent composition, a wonderful shot!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Not just a plane daisy ... Very nice close-up ! 
Have a great week Monica !

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Super shot Monica !!But it's a beautifully shot daisy ;)
The light is perfect in this one. A great macro!What a lovely macro.Outstanding capture,astonishing shot.Delightful perspective and light!!!!!Very nice work Monica.  Great color, depth of field and perspective.Another beautiful  version of this daisy - nice work!Wonderful !!! ; )))

Congratulations! 
As Admin or a Moderator for
this group, I attach this Invitation

 
Still Life Award
You are invited to post this photo at 
✣ To Be Still ✣ Group 
Please Tag Image still.life
Post 1 photo - Comment 1 Immediately Please 
~Adm  approved~
 No comment per rule = Wall of Shame! 

New !! Challenge E ~ Your Best Still Life ~ GLASS ~ Jan 27th till 55 photos met
www.flickr.com/groups/tobestill/discuss/72157623173436277/
*feel free to post up to 3 of your fav still life flower shots * ask for invite if needed under your work * *Love the tones and the dof.  Now you have me wonderfing what special magic you have made to the colours!  thanks for the visit today:)I really like this color. Great angle too. Very nice MonicaVery nice processing Monica, I love your artistic eye!i love the focus on this one...brilliant work Monica!what a great angle, beautiful color and fantastic macro shot...very well done the focus is perfectExceptional!  Beautifully done!beautiful macro and tonaliteIt's very beautiful! Good job!This is amazing!And that is how great shots are achieved. Lots of work and a good eyeVery beautiful, great detailsReally like the light on the outer edges especially.Lovely capture!precioso :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called Winner of 'One of the best on Flickr' (15+Faves &amp; Invited), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wow..the color tones in this are terrific..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The New Academy: Invited, Post1 Comment3一張作品三個評論, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

stunning lightFabulous macro - what a wonderful eye you have Monica, for the interplay between light, colour and form. Great post-processing!beautiful fine details, perfect focus and light!!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!And a Gerbera tops the list...excellent MGorgeous Light and processing!This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeI must wonder who in the world thought this was a good idea?this is amazingil volo della &quot;colombina&quot;, actually.Cheers!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group! funny cool...............Excelente toma.Niesamowite. To samo miejsce a jakże inne.Excellent composition - - is it spring yet? ;)awesome simplicity!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )beautiful capture and nice compo.
love it :Dno....genial!!!   cuanto cambia!!!Nice oneWow! Lovely work!Perfecta!Great winter scene!Beautiful!Calm and peaceful image!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SIMPLE., and we'd love to have this added to the group!A nice and peaceful shot my friend;)
Good job

How are you doing?一望无垠的旷野！美丽的地方！minimal and beautiful!Beautiful composition!w ogóle nie wygląda jakby tam była woda..... świetna kompozycja
fantastyczne zdjęcieExcellent capture!I like the absence of colors. A fine shot.ładna praca!piekne w kazdym sezonie...nice stark shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful! i love the simplicity of this!Great shot, nice simplicity.Wonderful perspective, great shot! :)Piękna kompozycja!
Pozdrawiam.wonderful atmosphereSuper :)brilliant
awesome compositionNice one !Nie do poznania ;-)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I love this kind of minimal stile!SuperSuper   i  jeszcze   raz   Super    !!!Beautiful shot and the frame looks great too!Piękny widok, tak ten, jak i wiosenny. :)--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
Great composition!
Well done!Ładna przestrzeń.great !Very nice shot &amp; processing.wonderful image.Good!Very good !!!lovely shotVery nice. Showing the scene in the Fall is a great idea.Very good work...Świetnie! Jeszcze 2 pory roku Ci zostały:)cześć !!!!
hmm w pionie ?
jedziesz po bandzie :) ale ładnie jedziesz !
oni mają wielką oszcz ! mogą gadać do bulu, bółó lub bólu :)Superb beauty - excellent composition - bravo!this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereSuperbe !

This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereseen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post heresuper, love bothPerfect!Minimalist landscape!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )WOW!!! Stunning image!!! Absolutely fantastic capture. TFS.


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.

Your Stunning Photo has been chosen to be in our pool !
Please join us and and share this and many photos in our pool !

 World's Most Stunning Shots *Invited Only
Please Invite other stunning photos !!!!Beautiful!superb shot!!!just beautiful.Gratuluję  EXPLORE  !!!gorgeous!You're so good at these simplistic landscapes! :). This one is no exception, love all the negative space, the lines, the monochromity.Wonderful image! Like a painting! Congratulations!Very nice winter shot! Congrats!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]brilliant winter shot!!o tak, zdjecie jest jak obrazAmazing! This reminds me a little of Catherine Opie's Ice Huts photographs.Nice shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Just one word: WONDERFUL!!!

Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5

Have a nice day,
AndySeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5This is a fantastic image.

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)

--
Seen in the group&quot;*Music To My Eyes*-(Post 1 - Award 5) Comment Sweeper is running&quot; (?)lovely
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us!
Dreamlike composition!gorgeous ..wonderful work!
 
Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5

 Commented with SIC
I would appreciate your commentsMinimalism at it's best :)nice tone and love the black and white. just great
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called BRP Awards - Post 2 / Comment 3   , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 **** 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Colorful landscape/seascape, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;

This is a stunning image, congratulations!:
www.flickr.com/groups/goldenuniversegreis/
1 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Very good, thank you for adding to BRP Awards!

I love this image!BRP Awards
 Post 2 / Award 3”Very good, thank you for adding to BRP Awards!

I love this image!BRP Awards
 Post 2 / Award 3”
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;i like the picture, especially with the summer pic. i really love that!
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called AllEdges Still Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!いつかは食べてみたいと夢見る僕。:)Lecker. Schönes Foto. &lt;3 ~ yokodelicious憧れの２段♪私も〜憧れ〜♪Looks good! :)おいしそうなホットケーキですね。Yummy!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY mmm...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix FOOD &amp; DRINK Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!me gusta!Great composition. Very nice indeedNice!!Those are some good looking pancakes.Looks so delicious :OLovely!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Bon apetit!!wonderful!perfectSurreal scenery! It's like 2 pictures into 1!This is beautiful! I want to be there!Nice view!great view of city with spectacular mountains in the back, awesome.wow, fantastic shot. Well doneFantastic cityscape bro, love the layers and tones, very good! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your pics and shots, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful work - Fantastic!

SoCal Photoholicsgorgeous panorama
amazing skyline

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)two thumbs up..beautiful!beautiful view.This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThat would be an awesome place to stay.Stunning!!
This photo deserves a DIGIFOTO Pro AwardWhoa..! Lovely viewwooow stunning cityscape!!!

Happy Blue Monday!Nice view !Amazing view...stunning!Very beautiful, bravo !beautiful...Incredible view here:)nice view! great shot!It looks very cool to me!  I see the famous layer of haze and the beautiful mountains presiding above.  You've captured it well.

Do you like snow?  LA doesn't have much, but I have lots of it outside my house and on my photostream.  Have a wonderful day!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)LOL Great scene.....!!!!A wonderful capture..

Thank you for your recent comments/award/favour on my stream.. appreciated..this is really astig...The city never looked so good! Awesome capture dude!!nice view of the city!lovely view sir and nice framing!wow, the city has such a spectacular mountain backdropExcellent framing!! fog behind the city is Magic :)!!!Fantastic with the misty atmosphere and light
great shotnice view galingBreathtaking view. Ganda.I love this view of LA!! Great job on the shot! Thanx for the info on capturing this image!nice shot.Supa dupa cool image indeed! Those skyscrapers with some mountains at the backdrop are both just something you can't experience in Finland.  :Dawesome city scape
love the silhouetteGreat shot !Fantastic view! Really like the mountains captured behind the city skyline!so beautiful view ! : )incredible shot! love the fog and lightBeautiful capture, thanks for your comments.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )love those fogs and silhouettes. and that light in its right position, i think... but especially, of course, those mountains. lovely blue...Wonderful cityscape captureSpectacular view!Looks awesome man. Nice view from here, we don't have anything likethis on London, but hope to go LA this year for a short vacation! Excellent shot, man!Stunning scape!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Very nice composition and overall result. Thanks for sharing your wonderful work!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow! city and mountains. perfect :)That is the perfect angle, great background!great idea love the colors and pov thanks for your comments =]The layers are really nice.FantasticStunning capture!
Long time no see :)Fantastic image.  the mountain adds so much more to the LA skyline.Très belle photo....Well, it's as breathtaking as it can get :)lovely city scape mate. : )the mountains look so close to the city!Awesome bro. Love the juxtaposition of those man made &quot;mountains' in front of the Natural God made ones :)What a wonderful moodBeautiful and spectacular landscape photograph.nice shot! congrats!Another stunning shot of LA Astig! :) Fantastic gradient tones - those mountains look stunning - i want to be there now! What a view! :)BTW - Have you got your new lens yet?? :)
You ROCK!!Wonderful!Beautiful urban shot.
Wonderful expression !Its probably better to go for the other lens if you tend to do more landscape and long exposure shots - you want them to be very sharp so go for the most expensive glass around! :)decision to expose the mountains right on was a good onevery cinematic and the tones as well as the landscape is gorgeous!Great capture. Has a great layered look to the composition.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)favolosi i palazzi con le montagne sullo sfondo!! Great photo!!very niceoh very nice with the fog and the golden light.Outstanding cityscape capture! Love the layers, great light.

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great shot!!!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.L.A. my dream!great view cool shot.Wow just image!This is so gorgeous. Your makeup is absolutely beautifullove the makeup! very creativeThank you two!Details details..

wow! this is amazing work!woooooow!!!!!!wow thats so pretty... love the lightgorgeous! love your expression 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is absoluely stunning. 
=)This is such a brilliant idea... I may have to try it sometime. ;)I love the catch lights in the eyes, you are just radiating energy!Wow, this is amazing!
Wonderful idea! (:Muy curioso.....

Saludos desde Barcelona.such a great concept, absolutely stunning result!!Very creative, wonderful portrait.Pretty!!!!!!!!beautiful idea!  and shot!Did you airbrush through some lace or other fabric? That is really awesome makeup! Personally, with that look in your eyes, I see some sort of warrior queen or the like. It may not be what you're going for, but it's the first thing that came to my mind.

Also, the focus on this is just sick good.The makeup is unbelievable, there's a lot of strength in this photo!
 I agree with ^ Mandrew about the warrior queen.nice portraitWow, this is really wonderful!! Such creative makeup use... makes me want to try this sometime. :]is this you or your sister or your friend? lovely shot. the contrast is AMAZINGThis is an incredible shot, interesting and lovely, very well done.Thank you! 
I actually just used a good amount of vaseline type of stuff to stick a piece of lace to my face, then used a large powder brush to cover the whole area with dark brown eyeshadow. After pulling the lace off (slowly!) I touched up the makeup a bit around my eyes and that was it. 
To anyone who wants to try an effect like this, do it! It ended up looking better than I expected it to. 
Also Ranvir, this is a self portrait (part of my 365)Your photographs continue to blow me away, this is such a strong photograph. Simply amazing.I think this is one of the best portrait pictures I have ever seen, fantastic !!!!this is amazing!Oh my word, this is gorgeous! And so unique!Wow, So Amazing!nice shotI can't stop staring at your face.beautiful! and i might borrow that effect for an upcoming series but ill be sure to credit!!awesome! so unique and beautiful :]wow thats such a cool pic!! you stand out so wellooh I love your socks, super cute. Also, I love the blue wall.A bit skew, but an interesting idea! Very nice pic, makes me laugh...what an idea... ;)Happy bench monday, i like the colors too :)Love the curl in the toes!
HBM!cute. hbm.Cute shot!  HBM!very cute.  love your &quot;shy&quot; feet.  makes the picture so cute.  hbm!Soo cute!! HBM!Love the socks! HBM!Love your socks:-)
HBMHah awesome, nice socks! I gotta remember to incorporate bench Mondays sometime.Love the colors, your socks and the curly toes, awesome shot :)cute!Cute! Love the toes! Happy 1st bench Monday!!This is adorable! :P 
Loving it!
I love your socks BTW! 
This is a great greay shot! the colours are great and yeah :) Great compo! :)Thanks for the nice comments everyone!great socks.  great pose.  great color.  love it!  HBW!great colors and composition! love the way you put your feet! HBMCool socks,Great idea..HBMCool shot! You seem either cold or shy :)  Love all the colours in this photo! Very well composed.Lovely!!!!!
so sweet, it works beautifully!!
I love your socks and nice background too!!Excellent photo.  Love argyle socks.work it, girrrrrrrlthis is a great shot! so expressive and i love the colours. :)the colors are perfect!  sunny and fun!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love the colors in this shot, so vibrant.Welcome to Bench Monday!  Love the socks!  =)Cute socks!
--
Seen in 2010: A Year in Pictures (?)Do you want to publish your
photo at my group  Argyle Sock
Go on wearing argyle socks :-)Aw... it look like your toes are bashful. This is very colorful. You've created an good analogous color harmony here. Was that by design?Thanks everyone!
 Well, I'm almost always cold, so it could be that too.
 Well, the blue and green was by design because those are the colors of my room, the socks, however are just what I happened to put on :-)Very good capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Very nice mix of colours. Can totally see what your saying about shy feet.lol..love how your feet are..to cute..:-))Nice bench monday! I love your work!lovelyWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DVery Nicecompletely adorable!Great shot! My feet are shy too. Maybe next Monday.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice. My wife likes the socks and wants a pair.
Never heard of HBM before.InTeNCidAD

You deserve the InTeNCidAD Award !!!
Thank you for sharing your photo !
&amp;The colors are amazing! I won't tell Kevin. lol. I keep forgetting about bench Mondays! I always remember on Tuesdays...argh.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love it !!!!!!!!!! Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2 Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 



 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2 Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2

Ooooh.. love, love, love this one!I like this one better than the first one!Since I love Scrabble, I had to check this one out! Very clever.Hah!!!  I love the fact that you subtly spelled flickr at the bottom as well!!  Great job!!Oh - so cute and creative!Love this !!ha... very coolwhat a great idea ....HBMyeahhh nice!!! XDcute idea... happy bench monday  xI love this, very creative!this is completely brilliant and fabulous, hbmso creative and fun!  hbm!Great idea! HBM!I love this!! Great idea! HBM~It's marvellous how you managed to surprize me everytime!!!!So fun - can I come play....love scrabble.  HBMcute little pink toe nails &lt;3Great shot!Great idea :)))  HBM !fantastic!  HBM!Brilliant!  I love it!


Seen in  Bench Monday
genius! Love it!Oh this is so creative. Love the little painted toes.Very original and creative ...

HBM!This is so cute! I love Scrabble. HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is one of those &quot;why didn't I think of that!&quot;  Great shot...HBM!Cute.Wicked! hbm.Love this! Scrabble is a blood sport, LOLcute...hbm!!!:)sooo clever!! i love scrabble! HBMSo cute &amp; creative!!
HBM!creative work....


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)que original!!!...HBM!!!
(la acabo de ver en &quot;last 7 days&quot;)WOW! such a good idea! love it! HBMThis is so good!Congrats on explore!
HBM!I didn't see the Flick part at first, great one as usual!Outstanding shot, fantastic compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)nice!!!awesome!  what a clever idea :)Cute idea!  I love board games and had an idea to do something like this too!  Haven't done it yet though!  HBM!!!  =)well done 
and my favorite gamegreat shot. I love scrabble :-Plove picwow.....Me gusta mucho... Pa-ra pa pa paaaa, I´m loving it! HBM!Lovely picture!!!You are the clever~est thang!!!
I missed HBM~So happy for you on EXPLORE!
:) Missed you too honey!Brilliant idea!!mui original!:DMarvellous shot - really like the burst of colour in the mist
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )
RHIZOME sensual thought and thoughtful sensuality !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called bitches brew (comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

spectaculary row! :)) love it


RHIZOME sensual thought and thoughtful sensuality !Very strange , stark and soft at the same time.Um, what is a guided busway?
looks like the daleks have landed. good shot.Thanks all!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/35782061@N08/] Good question! I think it's meant to be a bus-only roadway connecting various villages and towns in Cambridgeshire. At the moment, though, it is just a big concrete track, only half-finished. It was supposed to be completed about two years ago.
RHIZOME yeah yeah thoughtful works !At least they're  following in a quiet and orderly way.
: )bold work!Great pov and focus!wowI thought this was meant to be up and running quite some time ago? Makes for a nice photo with the swoop and shallow DOF :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful repetition!

RHIZOME sensual thought and thoughtful sensuality !Beautiful infinity vanishing into mist, a brilliant capture.What a great vanishing point -- I love the way the red pops.
Beautifully captured.
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!I can't believe they still haven't completed the route. Love the blurred effect of the bollards :)Fantastic how the posts vanish... super with the one in focus making a statement.Excelent Composition ,Cool image !! Really dreamy and a wonderful composition too ;-D

RHIZOME Premium multireflexive, dimensional works !Fantastic 'abstract' shot - what a monumentally stupid concept the guided bus is, though!love the focus!Beautiful!love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!great use of focuslove the wonderful atmosphere and the clever focus! A faaaaaaaaaaaaaantastic work!!
and dear, there is someone behind you, psst!excellent shotWonderful capture !!
This is an Awesome Bug!

Creepy Crawler Award!
From Awesome Bugs Group! fab capture


I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.super title :-)Thanks all!There is no one wants to add me. And make friends. I am a ChineseIt's quite possible.Bella compo, complimenti!!bellissima..purtroppo, per animali e piante prima che per noi esseri &quot;coscienti&quot;, è una triste presa in giro, un brutto scherzo di carnevale.

Però fa fare bei ritratti, come questo tenerissimo tuo.

:)Gorgeous shot!very very nice.Curiosa!Well, they do get fooled sometimes and get zapped by a frost, but one can only hope.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr's Fantastic Flowers [INVITED ONLY] - Please comment!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautifully composed! I might have to wait a bit longer.....It's not spring for us,yet. Not even close.
I hate you.YES...this is such a cute flower!Nice!  I hope to see some of those in my yard before too much longer.You do realize that I actually love you,don't you,Anna? :-)magnifico quel bianco brillante in un cielo così azzurro, bellissima foto Anna, !I know, Mark :-)Yes, this shouts spring!Lovely!Bellissima composizione, e favoloso cielo!!
(beata te, io sto congelando anche in casa...)meravigliosa,mi piacciono molto questi ultimi tuoi scatti !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix FLOWER Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!magari!Blossom!!  
Beautiful!!Great composition and colour, well captured.la bellezza di questa foto è disarmente....fantastica la semplicità!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Golden Bee (P1-C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful!I love the simplicityHi, I'm an admin for a group called Flowers and plants in the sky (Fiori e piante nel cielo), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Ma è...bellissimaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ! !speriamo sia davvero in arrivo!!! brava molto bellaChe meraviglia!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Precious! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.bellissima, vista su Explore!!!!dammmreminds me of Yo Gaba Gabahi it doit ..hahaha ..ggtight hahagood to see people on some different shitNiceExcellent composition!
This photo is addictive!!
Thank you for sharing with us....

**Invite 2 Comment 3**
**Invited Photos Only**your editing skills are amazing.
and i love the placement of the trees.... i mean like where they are in the picture, not that you placed them there lol.Your pose is slightly awkward and you look lost or confused
but I like that a lot
along with the composition (the two trees on the left and right frame the picture rather nicely)
and the colors.insanely great as usual.

love the look of the trees here.congrats on the newspaper deal, thats awesome :D i'm loving the GREEN in this!!!wow i love the location and everything about this pictureyou always have the most wonderful pictures (:great shottee hee! love the pose and the edit!I love the green in this :) and I'm excited to see what you have tomorrow :ookay are you holding a fish or am I just spending too much time at the aquarium?
congrats on the newspaper, that sounds like a wonderful opportunity
I love the tones in this and the posePLAID! :)

Love it.that sounds awesome.love the composition =]
and Jared's shirt!Congratulations!Love this shot!love all the blue in green in thisCongratulations for the job offer! I'm sure you'll have fun..
Oh, and lovely shot! Beautiful cold tones..soothing colors..lovelyi really love these colorslove these colors..cool, liking the colorsCongrats! 
:)oh my god lovely, &amp; 
incredible.Oh my gosh! I lovee this.I love love love this. The tones and the bokeh&lt;3oh my goodness kellyAh this is so cool :)no idea how you did this, but it's amazing.ahhh,i love this!!!!!

Incredible!ahhh this is so so awesome!wowowow
sooo gooood!Oh, my gosh!Wow, this is amazing.I know what you mean, this snow is cramping my creativity. and it sucks cause I have so much time on my hands D: 

but kel THIS IS GENIUS. and I have no idea how you did it but I love it !Wow. I don't even know what to say.mhmm.
this is amazing :)
you caught it at the perfect time.
love the tones too.Ahhh Kelly! You're amazing :)wow dear

love the whole capture

such good tones :]How in the world were you able to do that??? Insane!!!WOW. wowow. this is insane, I don't understand how it'd possible except for photo shop. wow. amazing work.omg, this is amazing!really cool shot! the movement is awesome.wow. how did you DO THAT?!Oh my gosh this is awesome!I don't know where to start.
Every thing about this is magical.Cute! Cute! The tones! gifhgknkjg! love it (obviously) ;D You are right - words aren't enough!Goodness, this is insane. (And by insane I mean insanely good). Awesome concept. Hope you didn't accidentally swallow any!This is gorgeous, love the blue tones. Feel better! : )@the twinkling of an eye
i actually did!
but i was okay. haha

and thank you everyone!I really love this and your description. This winter is beginning to kill me.Kelly, you just keep getting better and better! you did an amazing job with this! :)Awesome!the snow has ruined everthing.
i have no creativity.
you, however...do.
this is perfect :]amazing tones, such a good job photoshoping. :)Amazing work =] I love it =pthis is so freaking amazing.
do you not have school for a week like DC? hahai don't think we will! considering we're getting another 10-20 inches tomorrow! 
and thank youu!:)this is amazinggg! i love it sooo so muchyay!this is so insanely awesome!! I love the cold tones :)ah i love the ones in the air. 

incredible. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is incredibly awesome/beautiful!Oh my gosh! Your are soo geniously creative! hahaoh wow, literally magicalthis is gogeous, so magical and perfect.
great bokeh and tones.thiss ones so cool! i love the glitter! i hope this gets explored! :DVery creative! :)wow incredible pic!magical.incredible, like it very muchJeez Kelly this is fantastic!!! I love the whole concept and the blue tones and... you? :DGreat tones!
I wanted to say: 'didn't you swallow any of it?' but I saw someone else already said that. :)please, explain the glitter comming out of yout mouth!!

amazing :) fave.I like that this is kinda different from your recent uploads... the lightness to it, and the way it's up close! :)Oh my gosh. You've done it again. You amazed me.
I love it.
Pleaseee know how incredible you are, I mean wowww, the edit is perfect, you wouldn't know at all &lt;3haha, so cute :Dmygoodness. I adore this.wow, this has left me speechless. incredible.wowwwwwww! how did u do thatt??&quot;ps. the confetti stuff in the air is photoshopped!&quot; lolz but the one on your tongue is real? wow wouldn't that be hard to remove cause it sticks to your tongue? anyways, lovely concept, love the blue tones aaaannd bokeh! I hope everything turns up soon! Looking forward to more of your shots! &lt;3
yessssss!
this is so amazing
you are so amaaazing!i love this so very much.i love the tones and confetti!!! :)wow, this is perfect! i love the cold tones.oooh i still love this so much:))
it's amazing! :DDbefore i read it was photoshopped i was so confused!
i love this, and you did an amazing job on the edit, it looks so real!
p.s. i noticed your &quot;one tree hill quotes set&quot; and i'm obsessed with that show and Lucas always says the best quotes!This is so amazing!
I love Glitter shots!Magic!um WOW
you are freakin incredible woman!=O !
this is honestly, just. perfect.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!omg i love this!this is amazingHolycrap! How did you do this, :O !? Its amazing ! I &lt;3 your photostream ! :Dso cute!so gorgeous!omg!!!!!!!!! sooooo cute!!♥
HBM!Utterly gorgeous!What a doll! So cute! HBM!So cute. I so need one of these coats in my size.Very cute!  Love the tones! HBM!!She is so cute PC!ohmy goodness. what a little darling. 
I wish I had a coat like that! &lt;3So so cute!  

Your bench looks just like mine.  If it hadn't been your pick today there's no way I'd have gone outside to stand on a bench in the freezing cold!  Congrats on your first FGR day.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)aww this is so cute:-)  love the colours of it!so cuteAdorable! I love the colors, and the that coat (with the ears!) is darling!Thanks all - aspidistra am loving FGR!  This is my 3rd play along just wish could do them all!so adorable!  HBM!this is sweet and beautiful-really like itSo cute!!! Hbm!!Cute! HBM.Awww. Lovely shot.So cute!  If that's a Mini Boden coat we have the same one (but in tan for a boy).  Adorable!  HBM!that's adorable!Thanks all!  murphey it is indeed a Boden coat!he he, too cute! happy bench monday? LOLAw so sweet PC!Its very beautiful my friend ....That face is too sweet...

HBM!Hugo had a Boden teddy coat last winter, I adored it :)Ohhhh , I love this. Wonderful soft colours. And she is a cutie too.Great composition.  And the subject is adorable!  Welcome to the Bench Monday Group!what an adorable first bench Monday shot, love it!  hbmcool start to FGR and HBM for you. Thanks for picking the group =)Great shot - I like the composition with the rest of the bench left in and what a cutie! :p)SweetGorgeous

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Beautiful. Niamh has grown out of her bear coat and I'm gutted!Great colors, so cute._
Welcome 
HBM!!!She's just so beautiful PC :) Wonderful shotOh so cute!

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Happy Snapper Photo a Day&quot;. (?)she's adorable.So cute, love her coat.gorgeous! i love this. little model ;-)
it looks like she's telling you to sit down next to her!Such a cute shot and I love the framing!very cute!!!  Excellent FGR choice!She has such a cute look on her face.Beautiful - love the arrangement!I love it! It's super cute!!!... and i love the colors and the crop.very sweet.. that looks a snuggly coat.. lovely compositionsupercute!!This is great!  I love how you have you have her off center, showing the great contrast in textures between the bench and her coat.  And that face?!?  Looking off to the side?  Perfect!  You have quite a model!Lovely shot. 
HBM and thanks for visiting my steam. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great! Congratulations on explorer!very very nice shot!!Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...fantastic


&#25885;&#24433;&#20154;&#22825;&#22530;(Post 1 Award 3)
Photographer Paradiseaw so cute! nice work :) congrats on explore!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DWhat a gorgeous photo!Aww - love the colours on this.awww, sooo cute! excellent capture! great composition....just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler


www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolAdorable - happy first bench monday  xGorgeous.
I love the tones in this (:Ohh and congratulations on Explore, you deserve it, this is beautiful.Such a cute shot!cute &lt;3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LO SCRIGNO / THE COFFER - &quot;INVITED ONLY&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow...this photo is magnificent. Very well done. Congrats...So wonderful!wow!! she's gorgeous annie!!You look glorious!  I have bump envy!goodness, you look gorgeous!!! xoOMG!  Your a little bottle of hotness!  Go ahead, girl, with your baby bump!Wow, I wish I looked that good when I was pregnant! Beautiful shot!ha!ha!  Your husband cracks me up!  : )   You are a beautiful pregnant woman.  Such a blessing!!  I'm soo happy for you!!  This is reallly a stunning capture!!  More gorgeous than any maternity ads I've ever seen!  Oh...I love CLK &quot;bump envy&quot; comment too!  : )you look amazing! great shot too! ;)Holy smokes! Hot is right! Good for you!Wow!!! You are one hot mama! What a great shot!!!! And I love the documenting the bump --- I have some of me pregnant w/ each of the kiddos (though definitely not looking this awesome!) and I cherish them....how fun!

So, are you going to find out what variety you are having (teehee--boy/girl?)Gorgeous light and I love all those amazing s-curves! You look amazing!Lovely image! :)Very gorgeous light!! And very gorgeous you!!!!woohoo sexy momma!  nice composition!wow totally gorgeous, but my hubby would freak out if id post that on flickr ;)))Wow, such a beautiful portrait,y ou're so tiny! Love the light and your undies.. you're just gorgeous!Oh, you're pregnant too!! I'm 10 weeks along. You look amazing for 17 weeks! I wish I had such a cute little pregnant body!!! Wow!!I totally agree with your hubby, one hot pregnant women! You look amazing, wonderful capture, the lighting is beautiful!hot! if I looked like that pregnant I'd go for it now! lolWow!  I wish I had looked this awesome when preggo!haha too cute..you look great !!Ok I vow to be that pretty when I get pregnant..lol.  But seriously.  You are GORGEOUS.  This is SO sweet and beautiful.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Holy Mama!  You are smokin'!!!gorgeous for sure...I never looked that good pregnant...great shot.Wowza!  Lookin' good, mama!  ;)oh my word.  if only i looked like that when i was pregnant! ;)Ok ANNIE...are you kidding me!? I don't want to hear anymore craziness about being &quot;fat and pregnant&quot; you are HOT lady! seriously.....you have the best bod ever, this is the most amazing prego photo I have ever seen! nice bra and panties too!! :) LOVE IT!oh, and that's right, i fav'd this...so we can compare down the road lolHoly cow.....you look great!!!!! Love that belly!!!!!this is so GORGEOUS! Such wonderful soft lighting, says so much with this image! I love it! You look amazing!Thanks, everyone ... after finding that I don't fit into *any* of my favorite designer jeans anymore I was a little crushed (and we're not talking &quot;a little tight in the tummy&quot; ... we're talking can't pull up over my thighs!). So, all your kind words make me feel so much better! :)

Jenny ... I'll be finding out the sex next Monday, one week and five hours ... not that I'm counting. :) LOL! I've got a 99% feeling that it's a boy though. :) Adeline said to me last week, &quot;Mommy, I am almost positive that you are going to have either a boy or a girl.&quot; So, either a boy or a girl ... or maybe a panda?this is beautiful and you do look soooo great!so beautiful! you looks amazing :)gorgeous! you look fantastic!OMG! I can not believe your&quot;hot&quot; pregnant body!!!!
BEAUTIFUL!work it mama!!!  cracking up at what your hubby said!If I looked that good not preggo I'd be happy   : )  gorgeous.So beautiful! I hope I look that good pregnant!OMG- Annie, you look great! I will not be comparing this to my maternity photos! Vava voom lady!!!Your husband was right. You definitely are! You have such a beautiful little pregnant belly.seriously gorgeous!!Woweee Annie, you are rockin' the bump like it's no one's business!!! You look AMAZING, and I love your undies by the way! :-)Absolutely amazing...
What a nice light!

This shot is really lovely, you did so goodWHOA you are so tiny and gorgeous!!! one of the adorable pregnant ones!You look amazing............and I'm with Colleen...........wish I looked that good, too!!wow! you are inCREDible! I wish I looked this good whilst pregnant!OMGoodness...the is stunning!

Men are so clueless sometimes...lol!OMG... Are you kidding me?? Stop talking like your miss fatty... you can see your ribs.. and your husband is right... YOU ARE HOT!!! Look at that booty and sexy bra!!! 

I am jealous of your prego body!!! Be fat like me and then you can say your fat!!! IM so jealous!! LOL Great shot seriously and love the CHONES!!!OMG you look amazigly beautiful!I love the processing and the light coming from the window.just gorgeous!Purely gorgeous!!! You look amazing!!! Fabulous capture!Wow! I'd kill to look that good now let alone at 17 weeks pregnant. ;-)

Your husband's comment cracks me up. Beautiful shot, Annie!Hahahaha.... men always know how to put their foot in their mouth ;)

Darn girl, you are smokin'!This is the cutest pregnant lady I've ever seen! :-)Aw, you are soooo beautiful! Love your little baby bump! Just beautiful! Love what your husband said!Gorgeous!  Total hot momma!&amp; OMG, I hope you have a Panda!!! That would be so cool... but the visual of creating that baby is just out of this world!!! LOL oh and your daughters comment is so adorable!!Wow, you look so beautiful. Your bump is so lovely :)***  Adorable et Jolie  ***

DomiWhoah, Mama!  I would kill to look like that now! smokin' hot, Annie....why in the world would you ever wear clothes, really?So lovely!you look just breathtakingly beautiful!This is beautiful! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Shutter Sisters&quot; (?)seriously one of the *hottest* prego shots I've seen. :)I'm thinking pandas would have been easier than the girls were....wish I'd had that option.  and you look 'schmexy!!!' That's Candice's word for when sexy just isn't enoughBeautiful Feminine Photo, and yeah you';re in great athletic shape.Congratulations!  You look Beautiful.  You look way hotter than me and I'm not even pregnant.You ARE a hot prego lady!;) 
LOVE this... can't wait to see the bump grow. Congrats!!! :)You look fabulous! What a great shot.yeahhhh you are one hot sexy preggy momma!!!!!!!!!!! gorgeous! and can't wait for the actions!!!Iwow wee!  gorgeous!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful photo, great bump, hot mama!Gorgeous!I am so jealous of you ! I wish I looked that good pregnant!!  Beautiful photo!!you look fab!

and

im so pleased you mentioned your soon to be released actions...i cant wait to get em!!!Oh La La!  Hot momma!  Me? Not so much.awww that's to sweet!!! great shot!!The most beautiful thing in the world,
Stef
www.vendeegrandeurnature.comWOW....i wish i looked that good UNpregnant!!  LOL  you are beautiful!!!!  Cant wait to find out what your having!!!!!  Pink or BLue???WOW!!  I agree with Amy~Ever~After...I wish I looked like that UNpregnant!!!!  You are so gorgeous!!  WOW WOW WOW!  Just beautiful!  I can't wait to see pics of the baby!! :)Congratulations!!! You look really great, pregnant mommy!i posted my comment prior to you having-up your comment about being pregnant, and then i just saw your hbm shot w/ the heart!! CONGRATS annie!! you have an AMAZING body, btw!! absolutely breathtaking! ;)Hot is right holy smokes woman you are amazing.wow, you look amazing!Annie, wow!  Wman, this is STUNNING!  You look divine.  --AngelaYou look so good pregnant! This is a stunning image, the compostion so lovely and tones just beautiful :)My word, you look gorgeous!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I agree with your husband... Indeed very hot pregnant woman...Lucky guy... 

Congrats on the bump!You look AMAZING!!!Your husband is right! You look gorgeous Annie! I looked like I was having twins with my daughter, lol, I was huge!!! All the best to you and your growing family :)OH!! Gorgeous! Congrats to you ;)Oh Annie, you look stunning!  I still have a pot nearly like that and J is 18 months old!  Oh yay, you;ll feel movements soon, so so jealous!oh, not many male comments... so what can I say.... er... I have a very similar belly to yours ;-)Many thanks again, everyone!

LOL, Stuart! :)

And, Marni ... I've been feeling butterfly kicks for a couple weeks now, believe it or not. My absolute favorite thing about being pregnant. In fact, I'm planning a little photo session around the theme of &quot;butterflies in my tummy.&quot; :)Such a beautiful SP, and your bump is so perfect!!!!
Your husband is so funny!!!!This is simply beautiful!!I. Love. This!!! I'm so sorry I didn't get any photos of me when I was pregnant. Sigh.Love those undies!  This is gorgeous - you tiny thing!  Congratulations!!!!  Hot mama is so right!What a precious bump! Love the PP; great job with the actions.OHMYGOD! I didn't know you were having a baby....CONGRATS!!!! And I have to say, I wish I looked that good when I was pregnant. You're gorgeous darling!!As always Annie~ beautiful shot! You look amazing and what a wonderful keepsake for baby (and you) to have some day back when he/she was still warm &amp; cozy in mama's tummy.wow! you look lovely. :-) i hope i look like that in about 9 weeks. not even a hint of a bump for me yet... i'm still suffering from all day sickness. :-(Thanks, everyone again!

Juliet ... I didn't start showing until about 7 months with my little girl, and even then it was a tiny bump. This pregnancy I started popping at about 13 weeks. She must have gotten me all stretched out! :) Hopefully, your nausea will fade in the next few weeks!Beautiful. Congrats! These are exciting times!He he, your husband is a crack-up! Stunning shot, pregnancy suits you! What a delightful little bump you have... I showed a lot earlier second time around too.Wow, Annie...this is an amazing shot. You are definitely one hot little mama. I'm sure your hubby wants a copy of this shot.  :-DI wish I had started out with a body like that you are making  me so insecure, lol ::)) You look wonderful and your bump is so adorable ::))So gorgeous!!! Wow!Beautiful!I love it.  I love how you're confident with yourself, can still wear the cute clothing, and have perfect lighting.  I hope your pregnancy goes well!love this - wish you luck with your pregnancywonderful shot, great tones and light
!!!!
love this shotthis is a such stunning shot!!!!!! I LOVE IT!!!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Great shot!

Aww, this is such a beautiful capture!
I love the way you processed this :]Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Beautiful. ... my best wishes for the mom and the baby!Lovely and beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...I KNEW this would be Explore!!  Congrats!  That lil baby I'm sure is soooo proud of it's beautiful &amp; talented mommy!!!Congratulations :)
And this is a very nice picture :)precioso y tierno explore!!!Congrats...beautiful shot!Aww, it's so sweet! Congrats!!Gorgeous!remarkableBeautiful capture!lovely, very very lovelycongrats on explore! ur so famous ;)
well deserved!Oh my gosh!  I totally missed this yesterday!  This is awesome.  You rock.  And yes, I agree with your husband!

Congrats on explore :)Sexy mama! Congrats on explore! :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Awesome!  Congrats and Congrats on Explore.beautiful! you looks amazing..Absolutely beautiful!That is totally beautiful!!! Pregnant women are so sexy!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Julien Denoyer ]My lord!!!  Gorgeous!!!
.(o^~')b congratulations on EXPLORE

have a gR8 day &gt;'.'&lt; fRom KOGA &amp; GSXR ^____^
congrats on the sexy momma bump! teeheehee


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hah, that you husband's comment is hilarious. 
Love how soft and light this shot is. 
Congrats!You look fabulous ! A gorgeous shot &amp; congratulations :)beeautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1284745@N20/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful photo.................................

Very good light.....................................

All super..............................................Wonderful shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Beautiful :-)
congrats on baby and the explore! X

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.a lovely image!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our favorite Flickr shots ! , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our Queens and Princesses In Our Lives, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awwww you are a beautiful pregnant lady. congratulations to you and your husband on your bundle of joy. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )amazing!!Your figure is beautiful! 
The whole atmosphere is overwhelming.
I wish you all the best!Gorgeous shot!Sweeet!Beautiful capture of your lovely baby bump! Congrat's! Take care.Wow! Gorgeous!I just realized this was you.  WOW!  You go!congrats! this is on eof the prettiest and coolest pregnancy shots i've ever seen!superb!!lol your husband is funny! you look so beautiful!what a cool body wowWow! This is something shockingg! lol.
Well still being a kid, I don't know much about pregnancy lol, but I just wanted to say congratssss!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome,

fabulous!Super sweet flow, mr reed. Very nice.Beautiful !!wonderful motion capture...  lovely shot Aaron..!Stunning shot AaronWhat's to say except...stunning! 
A beautiful composition!Nice picture.Sweet!!!!  Nice one!Amazing shot! Love the composition and pov!!Nice waterfall detail study.Beautiful long exposure... great work!out of this worldStunning water and beauty!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great Comp!Waterfall exposure at its best! :)I've never wanted to nudge you more than at this exact moment.  Or THAT exact moment I guess....Sweet motion there Reed!  That is one bad arse comp. No shooting for me this weekend, it was my &quot;social&quot; weekend.  Then next weekend is San Juans for the 3 day.  However i just heard it's supposed to rain (shocking i know) so may be a good weekend to shoot waterfalls :)  Let me know if you have that secret information i texted you about.  Happy Monday!  (let me know about the apt too)  sha ne neMagnificent composition with perfect exposure. The bright green moss really adds to the overall aesthetics as well.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)All the movement with the water looks cool.Terrific photogrpah, lots of activity going on here.  Lots of different directions the water is taking. Cool how the water in the center is ejecting further than the rest.  I think this is well captured.Very graceful scene... I like how you can see through the falls under the rock.Powerful Image. Looks like you had to be near the edge to take this. Nice capture.Beautiful waterfall, nice shot!Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningOutstanding shot. Looks like you were standing right in the water.Simply Fantastic !!!Nice exposure work.I'm running out of things to say about your magnificent creations!Your photos wonderful.
All very beautiful.
I added you as a contact.beautiful shot.Beautiful motion, colors and depth!This is cool man. I like the water coming in from all angles here. My only knit is that it's missing the gitzo tag...Wow, love all the elements of this photo! Great tiered water flow and superb composition.Great take on this falls man!! I love the way you handled the foreground, and the texture in the water is awesome - really nice work dude!Where is this? It looks like a major waterfall given the width of the river. Is this in the gorge somwhere? lol. Nice. 

Thanks for the comments everyone.  I appreciate it Steve. 

 This is Lower Lewis River Falls Tom. It is about 60 miles east of Woodland, Washington.Wicked waterfall shot! This is rocks! Or flows!I love the water spillage. There's water falling all over the place here.Absolutely wonderful water capture.I never really get to say this to a guy but: &quot;Nice flow&quot;.  :)i hate following miles~you just can't even begin to comment anything equivalently fun!Dual waterfall!  awesome!Very nice.Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.Beautiful! Thanks!Your images are phenomenal!!This is beautiful, beautiful, beautiful....oh.  I'm repeating myself.  :)fantastic shot! love the water movement!Beautiful shot, Aaron!A really cool and unusual perspective, fresh and creative.  Perfect water flow, and i love the curve created by the jutting rock formation on top.miles!!!  crack me up!!!

ok, back to the photo.  seriously amazing.  incredible detail...there's a thousand little streams here in all their milky goodness.I really like all the details in the water and the green moss on the rock.  Makes me want spring to get here quick.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Too cute!!Oh, I love these!!! They made me laugh first thing in the morning!!!  Gorgeous colors and LOVE the messages!!!Too funny and cute. :)These are hilarious!   Love them!I love starting the day with a good laugh! I think the Bite Me is my fav. Your piping is amazing and the colors are just like the originals:) Love them!Those are too cute!!!!Love these and they gave me a good chuckle........I think Bite Me is my favorite.    Love the conversation heart cookies, made them last year but with the usual words on them!These are great!  My oldest daughter has been wanting me to make some anti-valentine cookies - can't wait to show her these!Add me to the &quot;Bite Me&quot; fan club! They are all so-o-o funny, but that one is the best!These are hilarious!!  I LOVE them!!!Great idea. I think there is a big market for these!Too funny!!!cute! ♥Oh, you are hilarious! These are fantastic! Yet another job well done!  I am making the 'cute' ones and yours are just too funny!AAHAHAH these rock!Those are wonderful!!!! so clever.These are too cute! They definitely made my smile!A hilarious twist on a classic!  So cute!Great job!! And thank you for the mention :DLMAO


These are BRILLIANT!!!LOL! Very clever!!May I borrow a couple of your phrases?Haha I love these :) Great job!Love!Meaningful.... I love theseCute, great ideaHi, I'm an admin for a group called Love-Hearts, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very amusing!!  LOLDe las mejores que he visto de la Semana Santa almeriense. El ángulo de la toma es inmejorable y se observa todo la devoción de la gente en torno al CristoEste punto de vista desde arriba es maravilloso.

Balta,   menudo  posadero buscaste  para hacer la foto
SaludosMuchas gracias para todosImpresionante la foto balta, al igual que dice Jesús VR, de las mejores fotos de semana santa de Almería que he visto.Enhorabuena, es preciosa, la estrechez de la calle ayuda a transmitir la sensación de recogimiento.
Y sorpresa:
Observando la foto recorde que yo estaba alli en ese mismo momento (de ahi la toma que ya conoceis y que ha servido de cartel del grupo para esta Semana Santa) y efectivamente alli estoy. Pues tirando de fondo de armario aqui teneis como se hizo esa foto.
Cosas de la Semana Santa.



Alfredo   vas encaminado  por  la  calle , pero  no  es  desde  ese  sitio¿No eres tu el que esta tomando la foto?impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!No, alfredo no soy yo, pero es igual no me enfado por que digas que era yo.
SaludosPues vaya chasco, no me diras que no es casualidad el que yo aparezca en tu foto y el tener una toma con un fotografo en la posicion contraria.Alfredo , habiamos tres personas en ese terrao, y por el  frente y aparte es   largo ese terrado  y la  foto  la hice con un 200 de nikon 2,8 , y el cristo  esta  de  frente.
Saludos,sick!!This is great David.Great shot!Wow! Awesome shot, of course! =) Looks like fun to me...y'all got a lottt of snow.Great catch!  I wish I was still this fearless.  Sledding was way more fun when I was a kid than snowboarding it is now that I worry about broken bones and six months of healing.  :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Awesome capture David!great shot.Excellent!I miss the snow. Then again, It's been spring for a month in Seattle, so you take what you can get. 

 I remember the 3 or 4 feet from the '93 storm of the century when it hit upstate NY. That was just crazy.sweet shot!Relly nice the snow behind her. Very sharp. Excellent shot.Haha it seems to scare her too!wooohooo!!!Look ma, I can fly! ;)wow, nice frozen shot!Awesome action!  Better be careful, Chase Jarvis may come over to your house to steal your thunder! :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow!!!Yup. This feeling I know.this is epic !Awesome! I love the expression and the flying snow.That is the face of someone having fun and knowing it is NOT going to hurt in the morning :)Perfect...She is  sweet...Nice shotWoah, this is an awesome shot, she looks like she's flying.wow impresionante captura, tienes una galeria realmente buena y tu blog strobist una joya para ir aprendiendo, eres realmente bueno
saludosYOu captured a great moment!Great capture.Amazing capture !!!Great! I love the tilted horizon; makes the fall look more death-defying.More from the day out at Inchadoney Beach. This one is of the houses on the hill reflecting in the sand and water of the beach. I like the texture and the reflections. 
It is early here and somehow my morning fix of caffeine has not kicked in and I am sleepy sleepy. 

May come back later to write. If not may Monday pass without too much hassle for you. 
 Thanks for reading this and looking at today's photograph. fantastic refelection.....lovely colorsgreat image.excellent captioncool shot and nice framing effect... very pretty!Lovely work !Beautiful, magic!!!!!!!!!!!


Budapest is a large snow :)Incredible Brendan, I've nerver seen this before : purple and green together in a sandy puddle !!! Where did those colours come from ???stunning shot! Beautiful tones...magicJust beautiful !simple yet riveting. pure poetry buddy!Love the subtle reflection and different colors in the foreground and background. Nice one.FAV!!!!!Wonderful Brendan. The reflection and the colors really nice!!Nice texture!your works are really poetic,wonderful image!Specular Shot
great feel with wavesVery nice Brendan. Have a cup of coffee on me! :-)hipnotiza!Beautiful ripple and reflection.
Excellent eyes.Great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called bitches brew (comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

unbeatable! :))  beautiful patterns, tones, lightgreat mystical colors ~Beautiful colours and reflections.

love how the marks in the sand melt into the water.. super observational shot.. love it! :-))I like the patterns that the sand has created. Nice spotting and framing! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderfully seen. For a moment I thought it was all water (probably because it's early and MY coffee hasn't kicked in). Incredible capture of the ripples of sand and the transition to the rippled water.stunning colors!!didn't realise it was sand too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Sweeet !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;
Wonderful !fantastic workwonderful patterns and tones! amazing photo!I visited your contact today. HE IS AMAZING!!!!
Beautiful photographs.dichotomy between up and down is fantastic !Full of layers and textures... Mercurial darkness giving way to glacial reflections...Fantastic waves .

Thank you so much for commenting on my photo today .so lovely.that vignette blur and the square frame bring my attention to the center of the frame and that area of highest contrast...
this is nice!!!wonderful combination of blue and emerald! great square Brendan!
have a great week ahead!So beautiful ,love the different textures!the colors and mood are just right!!Gorgeous tones, have a great week!Awesome captureThanks for sharing in ☆The Power Of Now ☆group ♥extremely rich and powerful tones abu. splendid.lovely and very deep...question...did you use vaseline on the lens to get the blur on the edges or was it done in photoshop?...looks great either way :)bonito detalleWonderful textures of reflections and colors!!!nice work!so nice =) so diffrent from snow and snow and a lots of snow here =)Lovely ripples and reflections.great composition...:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I can stare at this for a while, Brendan. Two such beautiful colors and so serenely rippling across....

It's very beautiful! :)Absolutely stunning my friend.Wonderful image! Love those colors and the reflections are a nice bonus.

Monday is almost over...I am keeping better track of the days due to the upcoming valentines day! If I forget that I will be hung out to dry! 

Take care.Great location. (even if I haven't been there for a couple of years....)Love the layered colors and the details in the sand.Superb capture,brilliant shot.Have a great day/evening,and take care.Oh, I thought it all water too...but I see the sand now and how it transitions into the water.  What a lovely image to launch us into another Monday.  Love the depth of colors.Beautiful.nice title.. well photographed!!Real poetry my friend! love the colors, sublime atmosphere! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Superb!One day, one explore Brendan !I am envious of you proximity to so many fab beaches! I should live by the sea but at the moment I don't... Beautiful textures as you say. Roll on summerCongratulations on the explorer.
I like this...
All your photos are great.Very beautiful.very nice texture!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )i absolutly love this!very beautiful capture ! lovely reflections and tones !
 bravo Rebels Abú !
 thank you for comments and inviting to your interesting group !
 have a wonderful day !

seen in SUpeROsiTY!ripple me a classicvery nice!!!So well seen and captured ... realy love this !  great compositionvery well composed, great job!Précious work!
Seen in: ☆The Power Of Now ☆beautiful richness of color ...... love the green melting into purple !!very niceWhat colours, what photo!I totally love the tones in this! Beautiful work.what a nice shot..
i like the composition and colors..Magic light and reflection! ..great tone as well!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magician's Square (admin invite), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

On Black is even more beautiful ...nice colors....Wonderful shot. Great composition and nice toneslovely colors and great informative description - thanks for sharing
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )absolutely amazing shot !!!wow....golden capture!!!!very nice photo, indeed thanks for sharing.beautiful work man ...... great compoEye-catching color and composition.awesome shot...Absolutely awesome shot.Excellent Photography and storysuperb frame and tonal quality. At the risk of inviting ire from Canon users let me say that it takes a Nikon to capture a shot like this.A masterpiece!this is the golden shot!!!Fabulous tones and great composition. The description details are outstanding.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Koool !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;khatarnak!!!!Nice treatmentGreat tone and silhouette!breathtaking ..

This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! Your SUPERB photo is invited to:

MAGIC UNICORN : The Very Best - by Invite only

Post 1 Photo and Comment using Comment code to
3 Photos within the first 3 pages.

Please tag with MagicUnicornVeryBest
Please read the group rules.I enjoyed seeing your picture in 
 &quot;The Unseen~India Group&quot; Post 1 Comment 1 Really awesome composition. Udaipur is a brilliant place to take pics!Well processed. Attractive colourvery niceCongrats on your fine photostream, your work is amazing!this one is literally hot. red hot.Another fantastic shot. Beautiful tones and superb composition with the boat and the fire adding some minimalist detail.
The information is an added bonus. Thank you for sharing.N9i place!
loving you makes life worth it&lt;3333Lovelycheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez

بس جوفي صوري عدل ها ياويلج لو ماصورتي عدل

بعضضضضجaa7 she`s really cute ;O !
Bs lw t'thbt al-cam ;@يحفظج ربي


adiiitch walaa ana ..  ra3yat el acc 
amooot feech ll2aaabd ..
mashallah 3alich maryoomti =P

keeep it foog .. (L)_(L-cute :*:*Mashalla
-                Well DoneGod save U (k)Nice pic Cute !
Rbii y7f'9 el MoDeeeel &lt;333

4 eva Enshallarare beauty, mashallah!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Arab Chatroom, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice 1 dear :D


rby y7f'6ch :D



comment me plz!--.-'♥`* Niceabda3tathanks 4 sharing this is nicehate hal pic &gt;_&lt; !!!leo ; sisty yooozi :P!(a) okk im sorry :pleo ; kaaaaak :P!Allah y5leekm lb3'9 &lt;333 

V.Nice Pic 

KeeP iT uP 

. leo:
n9i cute fi all her photos (A)..whahahahahahahahha (A) fdeeetnii  (A) aya 3leeech n9iiGreat &lt;3Explored
N!Ce Wallah ,, 
Keep !t Going ,. 
Well Done =)



Comment Me ,, =)
Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~Omg =|

Moi LiL SiS =O
U Soooo Fuckin Hot Babe ^^
Amazing One ;)

Keeeep Goin =D

Big FAV L3yoooon Moi SiS &lt;3333nice  shootcool ;)

Seen in Explore =)lool mshalla 
comment me Beautiful eyes  :D&lt;33nIIIIce

Keep Goin

comment me plz

mashallah pretty girl ;)

So Sweet !!*cute ;)alla y7fe'6 elmodel :D JusT LovE It 

keep it up dear XDHi, I'm an admin for a group called Women's Eyebrows, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice

walla

raw3a

keep going

comment mevery nice !Great title!!  Love the high contrast here!  I love rocks strewn along the beach like this - wonderful shot.These get better and better just look at that light, great KarenGreat shot! Love the deep contrast!Another excellence,well done my dear.The shapes of the pool around the foreground rock are very effective, as is the lighter tone of the rock.

Your photos seem to get better and better every day.

Is this in the North East ?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Chasing Shadows, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

you most likely already know that I love rocks strewn along the beach, so I'll just say that I particularly like these particular rocks strewn along this particular beach.  Lovely title too!The reflections of the large rock in the foreground make it for me Karen, another stunner.Superb B&amp;W image!  The puddles made for some awesome contrast.Your stream never ceases to amaze me Karen! This really is top notch - love it:-)Thanks everyone for the comments, and thanks for looking in:-)
I have so many pics of rocks, titles are getting a bit tricky now!

Kevin, yeah, it's South Shields(again!) - hardly get to go anywhere else:-))
Thanks, KarenGreat show, the sky looks great as a backdrop too!can't wait to get back up north and get some snaps again!lovely.these pics are realy getting me in the mood for my visitbeautiful

 ................Beauty is Monochromatic................Wonderful!  Wonderful!!  Wonderful!!!  Love this one very very much!  BRAVO!!!

Louiegood job!

I'm an admin for a group called Mondo Bravura, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great foreground rock &amp; pools!Thanks again everyone, Karen:-)))I really like the foreground design in this image. Nice work!

Seen on FluidrPrecious! 

Seen in Explore.Never enough B&amp;W!Strong!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Post 1, nominate 3.I was just thinking about posting a photo of just blackness... would be a pic of my hiding from taking another pic hehe. WE CAN DO THIS MAN!!!It is hard to keep it fresh. I've already revisited a photo. But its worth it man. I'm at day 69 on my personal one and it hard to stay fresh but its good to push yourself to see what you can do.I feel your pain but you always pull through with a great photo. Even something simple like a bowl on a windowsill you manage to turn into something beautiful. Beat or not you still seem to keep it up.I'm beat as well. at least I'm caught up with my shots from my little vacation. =DWhoa! Look at this. This is as fresh as it gets. Keep at it. 
That bokeh on the right is delicious.nice focusVery nice shot! 

Fresh? Not always. But life is like that. :)Love the bokeh!This makes me almost miss those rainy summer days.Amazing.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called L'Arte del dettaglio - The Art of detail, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice HDR
great jobBeautiful textures and processing.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful as always!wonderful shot and lovely PP sirWOW!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   HDR:Striving Toward Excellence: POST 1/  AWARD 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great!  I like the details in the wooden floor.excellent.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.You have a great eye for angles.
Fantastic take.
Regards.This is a beautiful image!!
Please add your photo to 

'Your Preferred Picture'




Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group





Join us – unisciti a noi 

Join us
The Authors' plaza




 

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond




Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3




You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/




You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinner






Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;





Super work James!  Love that bench!  No fishing?Wonderful shot , very dramatic !Hey, I didn't know you were roaming around my neighborhood.  Come a little further south and I'll meet you in Ventura.Fabulous processing to achieve an atmosphere like that James......love your composition &amp; the colors......So fabulous colours.
Invitation for Update @ Update Collection 
Please share your beautiful image with us.
possible tag &quot;UpdateCollection&quot;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photographic Image Quest (Post 1, Award 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent Work, Well done!Wonderful sky, awesome shot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love the dramatic clouds!Wonderful compo and processing!Beautiful sky, great tones.Looks like someone sitting on this bench was going to get wet. Great shot, James.Excellent light and composition.Excellent work!Perfect spot for watching the sunset! Wonderful shot.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful!!great lines and angleHi, I'm an admin for a group called Papa's Cave ~ by Admin Invitation only ~ Post 1 - Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant!Beautiful post work, James.  Colors and saturation are really great!Now this is cool...

Awesome work James.Beatiful Shot James! The warm tones are fantastic!very nice shotWhat a FANTASTIC photo !!

    This is ART! 
    
    Please add in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)
    . . . and Tag the photo with ArtofImages
    Reach 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves to enter
    The Best Portraits  or The Best Captures
    
    ***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

This photo has Spirit

This photo has been selected for ·Spirit Of Photography·
Please add this image to  Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
And tag the photo with &quot;Spirit of Photography&quot; Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Everyday magic （日常の不思議）, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice HDR even better for handheldBeau résultat !Really stunning scene James!Very dramatic.nice hdrNice!Great colors and sky!Nice!  It's really interesting to see the perspective and treatment on a shot like this when you are very familiar with the scene.Such a simply scene yet so dramatic with the colours and textures. Amazing shot!Nice capture!  That would be a bench that I could relax on for awhile.Stunning shot!yes, you could have done a bench Monday shot here! next time James, next time!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wow, great clouds. Nice shot
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/Lovely composition and the drama in the skies is just perfect for a beautiful view.Fantastic HDR! Nice composition too!This does look very cool in HDR James!Cool shot. Great colour and processinggreat workThe bench/wood looks a bit over orange to me, impressive sky tough.Great impact and depth in this shot. I like it.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthAmazing color tones... wonderful treatment!Outstanding shot! Love the dramatic light!Wonderful composition &amp; colors!Best seat in the house; nice warm HDR, James.Those clouds !!! 

Excellent HDR James.
GRTZ,BENAmazing HDR !!Fabulous light, Pat. Excellent HDR. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Skillful work here, very nice sky!Simple subject works so well.  Enjoying your HDR work.Love the strength of the clouds in this!Nice your HDR brought out  the richness in the colors. Well doneNicely done, and what a great sky

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow...fantastica!Beautiful shot. Lived in SB many years. Still is a gemcool.Oooh nice.
I love this effect.i like this alotits like a kaleidiscope! love itwow this is so cool!wonderful job!i loved those from your video:O wowww!love this so muchlove love love thislikEit!LOVE love LOVE love this pic!!!putting your camera through whatever those things are called was such a good idea!is this sooc? how'd you do it!love eettttt :]your creativity always astounds me
because it is always so sincerely honest 
everything you do comes from such a real place. I like that. I like it a lot.loverlyso rad.this is amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very cool!Great effect. 
Well done on explore. 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Wow...great effectVery nice :)very nice,I like the highkey note here,the colors are so gentle.
A beauty..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Food stylism, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Yum! Love the focus and that blue!that would be me!Väga kena taas!wow, Elisa, this is just outstanding. with this photo, you can have the tart and eat it too! LOL.i want to taste it! :)Nice shot! Looks yummy.Wonderful shot, love the colors!Nice shot.kaunisLovely - looks so yummy!Beautiful shot! I love the shallow dof and the light colours.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix DESSERT Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Top 20 Food Pix (mmmm), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely shot Elisa. I like this minimalistic approach based on a wonderful yellow-blue color contrast and a shallow DoF in combination with high brightness. This creates a very sunny and warm impression.

Food Photography Club. This comment was made in the Food Photography Club, the place for in depth discussions on food photography and critique.Cute ! Lovely colours and light ! 
I'm a total nut lover...Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group :--)))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brillant work!!I just saw a recipe for a macadamia nut tart.  So funny!

Beautiful pic as always :)I'm glad you all like it, thank you for the support. The patient hand model was my mum =)yummm, it looks deliciousOhh I love the lighting on this one! :)

I wish the whole tart was more in focus. But it´s dreamy as it is!gorgeous gorgeous. the soft DoF is really pleasing, as are the colors (your winning combination!). i thought the hand model might have been you, but either way it's a great touch. i look forward to you doing more like this. :)

Food Photography Club. This comment was made in the Food Photography Club, the place for in depth discussions on food photography and critique.Ñam, ñam!!Amazing shot ^^الله.....خياليــــه
حبيتها وااااااجد مع الكلمات أحسها شي لا يوصفbeautiful &lt;3!You Have A Wonderfull Photstream :D
Dont Stop Photographing ;)
7lwa el.9oora !!Amazing


My New :) ~beautiful B&amp;W shot,,
&lt;3 the words,,woOow *.*
&lt;3 it mn 8lb
Rai8aaaah
&lt;3 B&amp;w ;)
fav7beet'haa :&quot;&quot;)(L) ohhh sho raheeeb il-b&amp;w

رهيبه اللقطه
amazingBeautifull !..loved the B &amp; w ..
wow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
اتجننن حبيت الابيض والاسوودHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great mood out there !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ›››{♥Love Qatar4ever.ws♥}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!7baiiiiit&lt;33            

Well Done       WoOw !
Ejannen ;)
wl-Edit 3jeeeeeeeb (Y)
w-Loved the wordz Ba3d :)
Keep it Goin :Dloving the B&amp;W &lt;3!!!

amazin' shot ♥♥

..
..
as alwaysmood elpic&amp;elwords&amp;elB/W ..  EVERYTHING IS SO PERFECTthank u guys 
means alot 2 me ;)really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!so beautiful.I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !niceYeah ... no one likes the dentist  :(Glad my dentist doesn't look like that!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)And it's not even the droid they're looking for!surtout avec cet &quot;individu&quot;....Excellent setup, sir!Hahahahah! I will just explode laughing!OUCH!very funny!we have ways of making you talk...&quot;Looks like you need root canal therapy...&quot; AAARGH!I love that the other one is covering his mouth in empathy.Haha wicked photo!
Well done on explore :-) 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.Love this! :)Love it !!!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.lovely!Very nice bokeh. It is about time for the cherry blossom. 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love the tones!!Lovely tones and bokeh. :)Gorgeous pink!Gorgeous ♥Thank you!!beautiful!  love, love, love the tones here.  and the softness is just lovely.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pink Is Beautiful And Sensual, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?²ˣ)Gr8 focus, Gorgeous image~!~What a striking image! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore..Love the detail around here. well seen  :-) 

 But i cannot see the largeHi, I'm an admin for a group called **Over the Excellence** (INVITE only - add1/com1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This is an enticement to see much, much more of this place, such as the interior. Great find and capture, well done!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickrs Best (Invite only - SWEEPER ACTIVE), and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen in some comments. (?)Cool Capture, Very Picturesque!! Nice Job!nice focus, great &amp; thanks for sharing.Great shot......i love these kind of little shops.
 Indeed, in Large there are many details to look at !great find amazing setting and imagenice docu shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great capture Igor, terrific viewed largeBut did you try the noodles!? :0)
Nice HDR not too OTT .

Your photo has been appraised as a Platinum Photograph
We would be honored to have your photo in our group!
Please tag your photo with platinumphoto
(Questions?) (Rules)--


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Lots of interesting details indeed, great capture.Good job of capturingGreat photo and nicely processed.interesting shope indeed Igor !
so many details here from different periods of time, suppose the owner doesn't care about that... LOL !Just stumbled on your photostream; congratulations on some really impressive workexcellent shot, love all the wonderful details... and colors tootrès coloré, très beau.A good HDR work Igor, very natural results.Like the details surrounding the sceneAlot going on in this one... nice work



INVITATION to post within Nullerz Gallery 

Your great photo invited to Nullerz Gallery 
By The Admin Invitation Only

~~~~We are a SWEEPER ACTIVE group~~~~
 Acceptance of invite requires...POST 1...AWARD 3What a mess, but such a photogenic mess!Great colors and contrast; beautiful !!!!
Top Photography Group/Strictly Invitational 
Please add this picture to the group nice shot igor, i like the rustic feel and the mood hereBeautiful shot...did not know Bangkok still has scenes like thatnice!  history,This is definitely one of Flickrs Best 

Well done. 
 Please ensure image is 'Tagged' - FlickrsBest - Thanks Now you have inspired me to do some back street Yaowarat pics!AS SEEN IN::


Totally ThailandA very fine photo.Seen in:

Nullerz Gallery Group
Admin Invitation OnlySeen in:

Nullerz Gallery Group
Admin Invitation Onlygreat capture
have a nice dayWonderful!Beautiful decay!Wonderful colours, iLy♥_♥


niiiiice ~ 

abdaaa3ty ;)  Mashala ;D , Tslm Ymankm ;*
nice pic

keep it up
/
\
/
comment me
(F)


AmazinG Shot oO ALwords (Y) ;)Mashallah ~
Great shot ~N!!!Ce p!!!C .. ~
WonderFul Colours
Good Job Hon.
Fav


Comment My New Pic 

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ๘͠ʍƧ.ȑʘƈʞ ♫´»Ǧʀȫȗρ«, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
ya lba albdaaaa3 :* :*
MISS U &lt;33Great =)ابداعNice colors&lt;333 love yooouwonderfuL &lt;33   

3jeeeba el.sky                mashallah Ebdaaa3 \ 7loa aloan al9ora (Y)  

comment if you Like (F)

www.flickr.com/photos/a7mdoo/4343266320/aah miss you babe :(beautiful &lt;3nice pic
keep it up
comment the new pic
www.flickr.com/photos/44671583@N04/4340728834/FAVExcellent colors....faved.I Loved it!!Wonderful colors!out take of Jumping on the Bench Monday
Cute!!  Love the out take too! Both are so fun! HBM!!OHHHHHH so cute♥♥that looks like fun...hbm!!!!:)Brilliant!  Looks like lots of fun had by all!ha ha!  i love the title to this!!!  your room looks so peaceful, even with the kiddos jumping. :)they're too cute!  HBM!awww, love how syd is clapping for them.  really cute.  and we know that red mud all too well here in sc.  :-(

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very fun! HBM!Hahaha!

HBM ♥♥♥very cute! HBMlove the movementLOL!  Super cute! HBM!these are sweet.  great shots..So... cute, HBM!!!=)Made me laugh! Love it!Very cute!  Love your little one clapping while the other two jump!Sooooo cute!  I love the jumping and that great light!!So cute!
Love that action!!

HBM!Ha! I love the outtake! So cute! hbm!Very cute - both photos!

hbm!:) delightful!  hbmSo much fun!! I actually have my tripod set up in our bedroom getting ready to do a family shot of us in PJ's jumping on the bed ... it's a family nightly tradition here! :) Super cute!CUTE!

HBM :)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)OMG!!!!!
Sooooooooo cute :)
HBMvery cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awwwwwww...this had me CRACKING-UP!! i LOVE them both!! hbm!! :)This is so cuuuuuute, Kellie.  I love, love, love that they're playing.  Love the little feet climbing over the bed!  HBM!!  

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is just so so cute and fun!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I like. :)Soooo cute!!the cutest ever!SOOO cute and fun!  =)  HBM!!!Heehee(~.~) So funny! I love how serious they are about their jumping...too cute! I love the colors here, even the orange feeties.;-)Congrats on Explore, Kellie!!! 
Love this...so fun and a great capture of every day life. I love your room, by the way, with all that light. Just gorgeous!Awww - This is just too adorable!

And, I absolutely adore your bed! Hah - I just love the style!Awhh cute shot. 

Well done on explore :-) 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.this is fabulously cute!!  love it!how fun is that!!awww...I missed this!  Love the one of them jumping..so cute!  hbm..late!This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!cute!! Love the polaroid. &lt;3i love the polaroid!Great idea with the Polaroid and the bubbles!  Cute!love the polaroids, too cute!Love the polaroid idea!!!these are great!Thanks!  Stamp carving is not one of my natural talents, but they are really fun to make.polaroid! What a great idea!!LOVE!You can try turning your back and ignoring them, which is probably the best way to deal with them



You can stand up to them with your head up high



or you could try the full throttle frontal approach and hit them head on



But they're still getting in your face??



Then it's time to kick em to the curb and move on

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Planète CHEVAL ., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Like in my house!!!!
Love this shot, realy!!
Kisses.They look like they're having fun.That's a nice series!  Very cute!  I am not familiar with horses...are they known to be playful with other species such as dogs?There is always that one self important S.O.B. (Midnight) who thinks they need to run the whole show.Lol I train my dog NOT to do that 

:)Great and fun series!our dog Midnight, the little crazy one here, is always trying to get them to play. Sometimes they cooperate and sometimes they don't. LOL!!Unfortunately Johny, I think what Midnight is doing is in his blood, LOLthat is so cool..what awesome shots..love all that action..Fun photography amiga!gosh that ...... dog is kind of scary looking . the teeth are . sort of yikes. .... i never quit know who these people are you are speaking of. and i usually think . oh GOD. hope that is not me. actually sometimes it prob. is. but i never claimed to be perfect. .... i am always going over myself to see if i offend or ... come off too strong. i think the people you speak of never feel the need to do that, .. they think they are always right.................. and that sure is not me. hugs and love les. . so is canal traveler calling the black dog a sob or the german shepard one . cause i think the horses have the right here. they have those very delicate legs . ya know. ... your pictures always seem to stir  us all up... ha . that is photography. ... working i think. . does any animal get hurt doing all this stuff. ..???what a great series of images!no animals got hurt here, LOL. Midnight is much to fast to let that happenPure excellence Jennifer!  Animals are fun, huh?  Pain in the arse too!!!!Love the entire series---I can see that everybody has a good time at your house!!  Have a great day!!yes Jim, they are, both fun and a pain in the arseGreat series, Jen, I really love that last shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow, great series of shot I must say.  Well done.  Great color, clarity and animation Jennifer.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!love this shot :)sure is one healthy looking horse!!Your great at these little stories,love it!lol  love your title Jen..another set of great photos  hugs my friendHi, I'm an admin for a group called My Hat's Off to You! (P2/day+Frog Invites) - SWEEPER ON - LOL!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Haha ... as Forrest Gump said ... shit happens!!?? LOL
www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jcv6mh0uok

Excellent action series Jen!! Bravo!!Excellent series of Photographs.. I like them very muchI am still laughing........I see a lot of spring green here.......and am so jealous.....but what a hoot......and you are so right....about the shit disturbers !!!  A day in the life......what a series !Marvelous! Bravo! Perfect way to start the week! Beautiful GSD!Great shots. I loved Midnight. He's a great dog. I love the shot of the two dogs wrestling. I've always wanted to get a shot of my two like that, but I can't. As soon as I pick up my camera, they stop playing and stare at me.Mike, all I have to do is walk out the door and Midnight starts up with the hassling of Yogi, LOL.  He's a great dog, but he sure can be a painDelightful series! Makes me smile.Wow, great action series!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Magnifica serie!Super action shots... Your Shots are always so interesting and sharp !!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)bella sequenza di gioco tra animaliKeeps them on their toes... The last thing in the world a dog wants is for them to go to sleep on you...Thanks for my morning chuckle.  That was a fun series.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love it!Wonderful series!An excellent combination of images and words :-)
Well done!  Great shots....
You have some wonderful pictures....always interesting to view and enjoy  reading the comments.LOL...Fun title...Fun shots...it was fun looking at these!!!Just booked a reservation from Oregon......... said they were getting some rain.... wish you'd send some of that moisture down our way............ great series as well.......cbcI should find some of my images, one of my dogs plays chase too... 
it took a while for each of em to figure it out, but now it happens on a regular basis.Lol, you must have a hand full with that groupwow great set!  lots of actions!  liek your pic of jackson to funny!Yes.  I live with some myself...great series of images

My Hat's Off to You!!
Very Well Done!!


Outstanding!!lol. I just loved this series.. great action shots..Fantastic series! Beautifully captured! The dog is distracting! LOL!Midnight just has to be the one in your crowd, LOL!
The boys look pretty mad at him!
Great  photos though!All to familiar with the  Teeth.
Whether from WeeNee or the Worm

Or from the wild Monkeys...............;-)
.
Nice series Jenny, love the flying Horse.
.Wowderful shots Jenny !!!Great series!Hey Jenny you have captured the joy of life in your shotsWhat a wonderful set of pictures a favourite for me!You're so wise you know,
I generally combine the head high+ignore combo.
I havn't got time for those wasters.

Lovely action shots here today though !!
Difficult to tell how much the two dogs are playing, in the face off!Cette photo est très belle ! ! MERCI pour le groupe 
Planète CHEVAL.

 J'en espère beaucoup d'autres….
S'il vous plaît, invitez vos amis…
Amitié.
tag your photo with &quot;Planète CHEVAL&quot; please

 amazing shots :DIs that Midnight making trouble?A really great and entertaining series.   Love the last shot especially.

Those dogs look a bit fierce but  I guess you have to know that to understand them.   Nice captures all around.Once again, an amusing series.Boy, everyone is getting rough and rowdy. Funny.Is he some kind of herding dog? I'm always amazed when I see Border Collies around horses. They just can't help themselves: they think it's their job to herd and organize them like cattle. Some horses take it in stride, but some don't![http://www.flickr.com/photos/22233916@N03/]  Yes, he is a McNab, which is a cattle dog. And he is one protective dog, too. Even more so than either of my shepherdsGreat series of photos showing everyone letting off steam, LOL.

My Hat's Off to You!!
Very Well Done!!


Outstanding!!I learned my adopted &quot;stray&quot; was a herder when one bright day he leapt through the car window at 35 mph, rolled 3 times and looked to me to &quot;turn him loose&quot;. He saw his first cow! I found out he was a Puli. You should have seen when he discovered sheep!wonderful action shots...particularly loved that last one...everyone should kick up their heels like that...lolGreat series! Wonderful to see them in action :)I bet they have a lot of fun. That last picture is just terrific.gorgeous scenes!!!!! once i saw something similar. a dog  want to tease a beautiful horse...Wow, Fantabulous series...great action..!!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Great series of shots.great shots .....wonderful series !Great series Jen.Delightful series!What a FUNtastic series! You are such a lucky gal to be able have the space, $$$$$, and time to have and take care of all these beautiful animals! :&gt;)I just love these shots..................all the critters are so full of energy and trying to do some &quot;one upmenship&quot; too I think!Superb shot !Nice lens flare and great capture of the two impressive buildings!Well done!Absolutely splendid!!

As you saw it or a little PS as well?thanks folks.

@Jan - PS for cropping &amp; curves only.very nice indeed!Perfectly aligned. Well done.Also love the color tone.
Very nice.Fantastic shot of the Gherkin. I like the crop as well. Nice one!Superb shot!Nice one.Nice indeed.This looks amazing!
A very special capture of the big gherkin.Great view of 30 St Mary Axe. Well done!You should have used a polarising filter and lens hood ;-)superb composition, suggestive view of the gherkinGreat shot, nice flare and composition.Great shot, love the contrasting textures bewteen the smooth and hard buildingssuperb shotIf I say brilliant will you think I'm just punning around ;).  Its a great shot and it should feature in their publicity its a keeper mate.  

Sjthank you everyone for all the kind comments &amp; faves. Much appreciated.Wow. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love this shot - I wanted to get something similar when I was there at the weekend but it was soooo grey (and cold!)great representation (caught my eye as they are my initials!)creative alternative take to raise awareness

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)interesting.....

If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Fab - and for a good cause.Clever concept!What a sobering messageThis brings back memories!  Great way to get the message across.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)It really works to raise the awareness. I don;t think enough people realize how concerts and clubbing can affect our hearing.You are so right, too few people realise the consequences of loud music. Great representationGreat representationgreat ideaWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Good point!i love the bit of light on your hair.yes, yes
i love thisThis is just stunning... your shots are always so captivatingbeautifulthis is just incredible
I love the darknessAmazing!oh my gosh this is wonderful.
applause.this

as per usual

is an amazing photo :)inhale,
exhale,
repeat.  

but don't forget to love.

you know? you're photography is unique.this is so good, wow.stunning!the light is just perfect! :Dasdfghjkl incredible.I love that this is so dark, but there's still light catching your hair. Very nice indeed.

:)gorgeous belly...so beautiful..HBM.beautiful!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! Love it!!!! Perfect!!! Congratulations!!!


HBM♥What a perfect pregnant tummy :) I have had a pregnant tummy 5 times ;) Congrats!!!!!This is perfect! HBMooooooh congrats and good luck!  beautiful capture.  HBM!beautiful shot! HBMThis is beautiful!!!! HBM!!!=)what a pretty little belly!!This is a *gorgeous* bench monday shot!
:)Lovely shot. Awesome SP! Very creative. Love the vines and the setting.Beautiful shot and beautiful you!OMG, This is sooooo gorgeous... I want to get pregnant just to have you take a pic of me like that!! LOL JK... I so do not want another kid!! 

Beautiful setting!!!Gorgeous!  Love that belly.  Can't wait to see that sweet little baby!What a pretty tummy - gorgeous photo!! But the banana slug - ewwwww! :)This is beautiful! Love your pregnant belly. HBM!oh wow...what a great memory this bench monday is capturing for you...great shot...hbm!!!:)beautiful!beautiful bump!
HBM!WOW!! i LOVE absolutely everything about this shot! gorgeous! ;)Son hermozas las imagenes  de mujeres embarazadas 
saludos 
www.flickr.com/photos/kzador_de_demonios Mira este es un flirck de un amigo dibujante Ojala te gusteLovely shot! HBM!ohhh, such a gorgeous belly....great self!  love it, you.Beautiful!  This is gorgeous- you have a wonderfully perfect belly!So beautiful...

HBM ♥Beautiful concept and execution. Congrats btw! HBM!Such beautiful processing.  The set up is lovely. Seen in the group Mothers and Photographers.beautiful tummy and shot!this is so gorgeous..love the vines and butterfly..just a beautiful maternity image.. hbm!beautiful!!fabulous shot.  congrats on being 5 weeks away!  hbm!My fav bench monday today, perfect:-) HBM!!!Just lovely!  HBM evening!What a beautiful shot!  Best wishes to you!  HBM!lovely~ HBMGreat Shot !!! Nice position !!!Magnifique.What a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.molto particolare il taglio bello

wonderfulTHis is beautiful!!!bellissimo!this is the best bench monday I've ever seen.I saw this in Explore and wow!  It is so beautiful!  Congratulations!Really cute. Congrats on explore hunni :-) 

-----------------
www.flickr.com/electricart-/ Check me out.I am glad to see this made explore! well deserved, your beautiful and so are your photos.The cutest bench monday this week! Nobody should look this cute at 35 weeks! What a beautiful mommy...banana slug and all!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)SOOOO ADORABLE ::)) love this HBMThank you all so much! This bench was so wet and rickety...I was afraid it wouldn't hold me!don't know how i missed this one! this is adorable :)this is so lovely!  what a beautiful idea.  Good luck to you in these last weeks of pregnancy!beautifullHi, I'm an admin for a group called neuf mois (The Nine Months of Pregnancy) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Please join!Now HOW did you do that??  This is AWESOME!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely!awesome!!ahh I need this!i heart this. ;)you and your coffee mug inspiration!  &lt;3I absolutely love this!Coffee&lt;3looove it :D and love the title :)I love this. Beautiful tones. Now I'm craving some coffee!Looks good!sweet....love it!So.. I think it's safe to say that you have perfected making coffee look beautiful!i really love the title to this :]amazing i love coffe hahalove!love it!Love that song. :)
Great image too.Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;exploredthe BEST quote I've read in a long time .. and it comes just when I'm heartbroken.
great shot.Cup Of Love Coffe!e!this is soooo cool and i absolutely LOVE that songMood of the season?This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!you have a great tone. i love the line the railing creates. it really draws the eye in to the person.wow...great!Thanks!amazing shapes -- great perspective
From 1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!
Please add this picture to our group's pool
You are invited to join, adding your gorgeous photos from great places all over the World to our group.
Please visit, be sure you read the rules and agree with them and join !!!!
1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!Great B&amp;W, nice tones.great photoFantástica. Me encanta esta deformación

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black and White Medium/Large Format Digital&amp;Film, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful perspective!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthvery intersting, dynamic composition. i love the way foreground and background work together. i only wish there was a bit more separation between the barrier and the sky.your photos are utter badman! I love em!I like the eeriness of the fog/mist and the blurred reflections in the water.

Definitely needs to be viewed large on black for full effect.That's pretty impressive! I always wanted to know what it looked like from someplace that far away.stunning capturewonderful reflectionsAwesome work Robert!
Very clear and detailed!wow! this is amazing!fabulous shot! (and it would be even without the Space Shuttle - but what a bonus).
Would love to hear how this shot came about.wow!  great shot and so unique!  
seen in 52 weeks of pix week 6.Wow! That's an amazing photo. 
-Alan

--
Seen in the group&quot;52 Weeks of Pix 2010&quot; (?)very cool.Wow! Very impressive. Great work. 

Bravo!

Seen in 52 Weeks of Pix 2010
Your Photo is Outstanding!!!
So beautiful. Wonderful reflection. A piece of art. Great job as always!WOWvery nice reflection!Magnifico!!!!!!!Nice one chris..Egret or heron?Hi Chris, excellent capture.Gorgeous warm green tones.bravo ChrisAmazing1Lovely lighting,tones &amp; reflectionLovely painting!Super compositionYiassou filaiThis is Really An Excellent Photo


An Award and Invitation from *RefleXionS* Group!
You are invited to join and add this excellent photo to
 *RefleXionS* group’s poolGreeting from Bangkok.

I admired your beautiful captured/treatment.

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST...by  An Admin considered.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)Wow Chris, amazing shot!! I love it!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthGorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is lovely, abby. i'm working on one of our tables right now... framing photos &amp; gathering bits of treasures.we all must be in the same mood. I spent time doing this yesterday too. this is a wonderful assemblage.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very good move :)just lovely.I did that on Friday, I think I'm getting restless.  I'm moving most things back today...ah! this is so lovely.i love the turquoise theme running through this little scene.What a great grouping!love the larger print.
gorgeous.I love the large print. I really must buy one of your prints very soon (as soon as I´m not so broke any more I guess).you have a such a knack for arranging! (and your photos just make it all the more special!)Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.waduhhhh!!!! silky water stream!!!lovely silky and smooth water stream...
wah sungguh cantik....jumpa duyung tak...????...just joking Sulaiman !
have a great Monday !Lovely shot - always enjoy seeing a well taken water flow shotLove  you technique.  Fabulous shot TankGorgeouswahhhh very nice...... 

great slow shutter shot...Almost looks like snow! Nice work!Happy monday blue, Tank :)Very beautiful, my friend! WOW!!!Surreal shot, its very dreamy and nicely processedaduhhhh berbisa nya....lama tidak singgah ke stream saudara!!hebat!!cool exposure there... nice framing too! Happy blue monday!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Salam,

Cam tenunan kain jadinya ;Dmmg mantap... cool &amp; silkymmg silky abis, cantik ni bro..
salam...mmmhhh..... really silky and beautiful soft!!wow...terlalu silky meaning cantik sekali! Excellent!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Genialyou are so good! excellent!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )happy silky monday, Tank. regards...excellent tank ...silky smooth ...luv the lights on the rocks...byk ilmu mr. tank ni..
saya mmg salute btul ngan mr tank.. seriouslyExtraordinary and delicate picture... like the silkDreamy beauty...this is astonishing.Lovely shotstunning job my friend~oh terharunya....
penuh kelembutan dan keindahan yang tak terungkap.exposure panjang yang membuahkan hasil yang hangat
-salam walaiBeautiful capture
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wonderful image and capture...stunning...wowAwesome!Beautiful shotsilky smooth beautiful shot my friend. all is well, thankswoih ..over the top neh .. baper long neh bro .. hhuuhuh .. mega best :)Amazing~~~ dreamy~~ smooth water!!! Great capture!!!sejuk jer rasa...  best dapat shoot sesama... =)molek dan lawa tu...

saya tak mengharap mengharap Bro..body bukan setakat masauk air tapi terhempap atas batu...:)Beautiful seen!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)salam sahabat,
cantik molek air tu.. 
p/s: pasal pic tu agak sukar saya citer kat cni.. insyaAllah kalu jumpa kita sembang, ok..Chantik dan air nya nampak deras gitu..!Nice!Satu keajaiban telah muncul. Salam.terbaik bro..Lawa la bro...beautiful !!So soft and beautiful. Lovely light.cantik ni bang..tahniahWow...what a stunner Tank, beautiful!What a wonderful shot...wow...this is fantastic my dear!

Kathymeleleh bro..one word...sweet... :D.............:-0..............weel done broI can't wait for spring so I can try a long exposure with water.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Excellent long exposure!This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot; AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2ooOOOh heavenly sublime!
sweet dearheart!
many blessings 2 u &amp; Urs..
^i^This photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot; AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereSilky indeed!  Love the composition here.cantik bro!!! AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 3So Beautiful, my friend….Wonderful shotThis photo is addictive!!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Addicted to Nature!(Post 2+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;Waa betul2 nampak silky la bro...mcm kabus pun ada...crop dan compo yang bijak bro..WOW! Superb image.Really beautiful job, inspiring for me.
Congratulations.

~LOve ur wOrk~
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..too much framesperh.m'mang cun.Very cool indeed!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Visto en All beautiful shots and many more.

Todas las cosas son hermosas a los ojos sinceros. Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!Excellent treatment of the image, Congratulations…!wowww.Stunning tonesGreat!It's snowing again here too, and it sucks! I want some sunlight :(It seems to be snowing everywhere!  Crazy..lol.  We are expecting a big storm this week.It may be cold there, but you still manage to warm my heart :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love the eyes!stunning shothehe are you bored? Formspring and tweeting :)
Lovely B&amp;W and intense stare :)Love the hat! 

booooo for snow though!I'd title this: &quot;Wolf in Sheep's Clothing'. Hmm? Hmmm?Gorgeous!vrey cool moodyour eyes look amazing! well, your whole face does but your eyes look extra cool in this photo. :)A bit pensive look for sure..  :)  Amazing b/w conversion, too!LOL....TO COOL LOVE THE SAUCE LOOK mISS c
XOXOcracker jack! your lips look chapped or have you done that post post process intentionally to go with the title of the shot? ie. cold climate = chapped lips :) whatever, as usual the shot and pp is cock on.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)wow, i like the softness!  With a hat like that you should be hopping.powerful &amp; strong glance. Love it!Yaaayyyy ...Mad Bomber hat !!!The freezing cold never sounded so good!Any (in-the-snow-with-racket) trapper project ? ... 

You're so serious in there ! C'mon girl, spring is not so far. 
I Love your glance in this one ...We can be snow twins....we have 2 feet here and another foot on the way Tuesday. 

Uggh.

*Arms fall off from shoveling*Killer.... such a killer... The photograph, yes.. but more so, you... ;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful beautiful beautiful

lovely portrait &lt;3I'm beginning to think that it snows all the time over there.  LOL!Damn I love your SPs Charlie.Bring on the snow!Your stare is very intimidating!!  Love the shadow in this!this is very very nice, great processing!occhi profondi. :)snow makes your eyes so wonderful!
beautiful shot
xWOW.  Kapow!  Holy cow, this is great.  I love the lighting and the tones... and the look is somewhere between vacant and menacing.  Not unlike a zombie.  A killer arctic zombie with a pretty face.Oooh, your eyes look almost haunting in this.  Awesome!Gotta love the 85mm :) Lovely.Amazing look.Nice!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)OMG Charlie. Incredible!!!very nice!hmmm. just looks that way?vacant stare totally works here! love the focus too. beautiful!Have you been on the sauce, dearie? I thought I told you to put the ketchup and HP back in the cupboard??? :p

Love how soft your skin looks in this....Hang on tight, here comes 

** SNOWMAGGEDON 2.0 **

{ the one inch deep English version }Nice.  Very subtle lighting.  Stay warm.Breathtaking...omg ..just gorgeous..:)Thats a fantastic capture! I love the eye detail!Awesome film noir look. Beautiful.little jigs are goodWell, the stare actually looks more emotional than anything else. It says &quot;What more snow!&quot;  Actually this is a nice portrait.Perfect hat for this weather!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)gorgeous!  I love the tones here!!  and the softness is perfect!Beautiful bw portrait....just lovely Charlie! :-)so beautifulfabulous~   i like itvery niceLovely portrait

I am so sick of snow.  We got 24 inches on Saturday and we are expecting 12-18 inches more Wednesday.Love the hat! Beautiful use of tones!your looks is awesome here !!
and i love love love that hat =)Excellent frosty stare Charlie and as usual amazing focus on the eyes.thats weird; from the thumbnail, I thought you had on a Russian hat with a white star in the middle :p

...see the white spot, sorta?Ah, you take the cold better than I!  Let's see a vid of your tiny jig? :-)

Lovely, CharlieThe dark in it is really nice.
Another great one, Crusts.i like the title :-DLove the hat, and the stare does look good on you:-)oooooo..fantastic.Golly wowI want one of those hats, Comrade Charlie.... You're looking quite Russian, or maybe it's that Scandi in you? Very moody picture, very &quot;Winter Queen&quot;-ish.  

I agree with prestonwrittenhouse, show us a video of your snow jig!Congratulations on the explorer.
I like...
All your photos are great.tis such a fabulous hat! it all reminds me of narnia's ice queen, which in turn makes me think of turkish delight... omnomnom. and there's nothing wrong with a good vacant stare once in a while :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!russian beautyWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThe focus is superb!!wowzer girl...Very nice portrait.Awesome winter look! You have a great abilty to convey such a variety of emotions in your images  Love the hat. Please let us know what kind that is and where you found it. ThanksExcellent !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Oracle of Photographic Excellence (Admin Invite Only)+25 Fav, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ImagePoetry-ImagePoésie / ADMIN INVITE ONLY / +15f, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE DANTE CIRCLE (Admin Invite Only +10 faves), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.This is a cracker. Wonderful shadows and tones. :-)This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthYour so funny and beautiful! I really enjoy your pics and reading the captions!awesome ! 

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Furry Hats, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art and Photography 18+ ADMIN INVITE ,  ONE COMMENT PLEASE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This wonderful poetic gem was seen in:


ImagePoetry - ImagePoésie!
Please Tag Image &quot;ImagePoetry&quot;Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Great lighting!--
From Art and Photography group: 

This is one the best examples of 
ART in photography 
we have ever seen!
THANK YOU FOR POSTING IT.nice onemast re .. lovely sky .. liked the rays coming out of them !Beautiful. Kerala?This brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this award

My photo stream
flickr.com/gp/harpreetchawla/1EA124
and my recent post 
layee bharimast!!! rays look beautiful!!!!thanks sameer, prashant, jaimohan, harpography, warlock, anil
@jaimohan:nope its clicked in hometown in maharashtra :-)awesome click...sundar shot kiranstunning capture...perfect exposure!!!!!!!nice rays!Lovely sunrays and good contrast providing depth.Superb One KP...what a shot...sir...!!Very beautiful capture.thanks vikas, rahul, patryaa, anvancy, ravi, vikas, vinod, gunjanGreat, great shot !!This Unusual Photo was seen in

 Group of unusual photos/ 3 per day/ENJOY :)thanks pierluigi maria, jankienice rays of light  , sky n cloudsgood combo. cud have reduced the opacity of your name.thanks manish, SanChuAmazingvery classy art and ............Excellent !!really top one.. the parrot looks like real one..excellentLovely !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )So beautiful my friend...Fabulous work!sema picture
lighitng ellam balama iruku
part of the picture?nice one, great shot!What an expression in her face! A kind of melancholic feel to the whole thing.. Or may be a longing. Or an expression of waiting for her beloved. Love it!!!superbhBelle Compositon.excellent capture!I will appreciate the artits more than you... well nice oneGreat catchExcellent painting thalaexcellent..beautiful  expression...lovelyamazing capture........Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Brown-Eyed Girl, and we'd love to have this added to the group!no words to express the emotional body language  presented. wonderfull photoOhhhhhh....so cute!  Love the little tea cup with the hearts...and those tights!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Eep, I can't wait!!

HBM! ♥♥♥very cute! HBMSo, so &quot;sweet&quot;!!!! HBM!this is really, really cute...hbm!!!:)Lovely. hbm.so fabulous.  love the pp!adorable, HBM!So cute! Great tones!Cute, cute, cute!  HBM!so cute jenny!! i love it! hbm! :)HBM!  
Beautiful shot!
we have the same cup :)Super sweet!! Love the little tea cup, very cute!Love it... HBMohhhhhhhhhhhhh so sweet!!! Cute, adorable!!

Love the color and the process...

HBM!beautiful tones and doflove the socks...and the cute idea. I might use this for my heart mosaic for TILT!!! I am going to try my very first HBM today because I want to be cool. ha ha ha. 

love this...me too. Yay!!!!! : ) HBM to you!super cute!  HBM!HA!  Love the DOF &amp; congrats on your new toy!  New toys are THE best!  Isn't it marvelous to have some you love so much that it can make ya feel lika kid again?  Can't wait to see what you do for actual Valentine's Day!sooo cute...  love this!Love it!Cute shot! Love the teacup and the sweet little socks! HBM!!so so sweet!HBM! Very cute!!so soft and sweet!! Yay for Valentine's Day! HBM!This is so cute!  I love the socks.  I am realizing that my sock drawer is sadly very boring.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so sweet, beautifully shot, hbmCrazy with all these &quot;under the hips&quot;-shots.... What are they, really? This is one of the really good ones!

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awww,soo cute!! :)cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love the tones and that polka dots teacup ♥ HBM!Love the focus on this one. So cute and gorgeous tones!Love the colours and softness!  HBM!this is so perfect!!  love it. hbm!I love the tones and the sweet mood!!!Aww..cute socks!!  HBM!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Really cute, I love the colors!love the valentines colors....this is so cute!Love everything about this - so cute!super cute!Very cute!  Love the socks and love Valentine's Day too!!!  HBM!!!  =)so lovely! those colors are so right for valentine's day!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The incredible Bokeh Group (P1 &amp; C1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So beautiful!!beautiful soft sorbet tones...  love love love!So lovely.   I don't know how I missed this one.  HBBMLove this!  Love the stripey socks and that red bench.wow, this is so pretty. i love the colors :)This is so cute and yes the day is almost here ::)) Great socksQueen Elli of Cairnmount hill, in charge of all that she surveys!!! Very nice capture!!! I hope Hector is recovering , Otis is on light duty also!!!Greatcapture .Great shot, she sits so proudly.How lovey!Beautiful shot!!!!Beautiful!thats a braw photoHad to come back for another look - This is truly a wonderful photo - the watchful intelligence of her face, the texture of her coat, the grass, the sky, the stone - all of it really pleases me. 

Thanks for that.A Cracker Robert ,Fabulous.
The title is perfect!So majestic.No other word for her than gorgeous ... must say,  I do like the clouds in the background.precious Elli-- you are the master of composition Robert
Seen in the Standard Poodle - CanicheRoyal Group A real grande dame!Lovely :)Beautiful shot of Elli! I am sure she will appreciate sunshine, too, when it arrives!! Hope Hector is doing well!I love the way she is holding her ears, she must have been watching somethingMasterful!I love the misty background! Really splendid work. Congrats on explore!Wonderful capture Robert, congrats on Explore :-)She certainly is regal looking here.  I love your captures of their antics....always makes me smile.haha!!! and I'm sure Elli really does think of it as her kingdom ... She looks so proud !! fabulous capture and perspective RobertQueen Elli.dynamicBeautiful, regal Elli.She is so regal!

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Virtual Poodle Club&quot; (?)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.excellent pov and colors. instant fave.Amazing silhouette and what a gorgeous sky!Amazing sky Car.
I can imagine the palm being so deep in thought.....
hmmGood evening to you Car...and I hope you had a nice weekend and start to the new week. Beautiful sunrise and shot and I must say you get some great sunrises there. I hope you are well...and wishing you a great week.ohh what nice strong colors!

Very nice sceneThat is bliss!  Wonderful capture Car.  I really like this one as a vertical.  Have a great day.Nice sunset...!nice capture.

Stunning!!!!!Gorgeous shot Car :)!!! Love the comp and the colors!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)WoW absolutely stunning sunset, the tree silhoutte is the icing.
Instant fav :)Fancy Captured!!!
Amazing View!!This is stunning--what a lovely capture Car!bliss is right...
a beautiful first image to see this morning!Beautiful colors and detail in that sunrise shot!Superb shot !Terrific sky!, wow, you know how much I admire these pictures of you, only you know capture light and color with such mastery. The clouds look painted by a divine hand, it's wonderful! Car.now thats a sky
sweeeeeet
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous beach scenery with an amazing sky.Fantastic !Oh you have done it again. Another gorgeous sunrise!!!Amazing beautyWow, that sky's a stunner and I love the widdle silhouette as well :-)Breathtaking scene... I love that colorful sky (and silhouette!)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)WOW the world caught fire again!  Very cool Car!stunning coloursIt really pays off when U get up early in the morning ;-D You catch those beautiful clouds and colors :-D Great shot !Gorgeous sky, CarLee :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!yup, that sure is warmer than here. Our 'real' spring is a ways off but it WILL get over 30C at some point this summer. And we'll complain  LOLGreat shot, fantastic colour and composition. Have a good day and keep smiling.really wonderful capture!!Good morning! awe inspiring shot, stunning colours 

Seen on FluidrOutstanding, Car!..how romantic
beautiful cardlove how you added a foreground to look at in this shot!Convite para postar a sua bela foto
no grupo “Olhar sobre a Naturreza&quot;.

Adicione sua linda foto no grupo:
www.flickr.com/groups/944383@N24/
(Add 1- Award 1)What, you were having a pee and looking out the window at this?  What bliss.  Lovely orange sky Car!Wonderful color, Car! Total bliss.That's amazing. A wonderful view and such gorgeous tones.gorgeous sunrise Car!! I could sit and stare and skies like that forever....but the sun must rise...LOLI could do with a bit of that at the moment. Lovely shot with a truly beautiful sky
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )awesome colors in the sky! fantastic captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Serenity Now, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Yeah, uh-huh!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )woow!
thats simply amazing!a wondrous sky and composition!Awesome colors!Beautiful scene and silhouetteSo much to look forward to , stunning blues and reds in that sky, gorgeous reflection across the sea . so love this shot ::))

Bri ::))--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
I love these colors!
Wonderful capture.

Have a süper week my friend.What a lovely way to start the day, beats the grey and snow flurries I got up to this morning!...top capture Car.beautifully done- this really is a slice paradise. Fantastic silhouetteKiller sunrise Car! 

Seen on FluidrMakes an early start all worthwhile when you come home with a shot like this.
Beautiful sky &amp; palm silhouette Car!!Beautiful scene Car :)Stunning , the colours oh wow .......

Bri ::))Awwww car , strong shot
all thing is perfect .

have a great day sweetie .... oxoxoxoxLovely capture.very pretty. i do love a big red sunsetA great explosion of colour and a super sunrise captureFair bit of drama in that sky. Sweeeet.WOW - I wish I was there.  Great shot CarWish I was less than the million miles I am from this view..
Just a wee bit jealous..Really beautiful contrast of colours.Stunning sunset!wow the colours and composition are excellent, what a great shot. Nicely done
SueHi, I'm an admin for a group called ~New Envy of Flickr!~ Invited Only - 1 post - 2 comment, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Outstanding!!I see skies like this all the time--unfortunately
my view has phone poles and the neighbor's
crappy gazebo in it, LOL!  Thanks for letting 
me live vicariously through your shots, Car!Striking sky!  That tree sure has a great view for sunsets and sun rises!True beauty of morning in the best colouration
great shotSigh......I truly hope you appreciate this spectacular beauty.  I love winter but the black, white and grayness of it all is starting to get to me.  Lovely, warm, and tranquil.what an amazing morning!Wow! What color! I like how you silhouetted the tree for your foreground subjectSo gorgeous painting in skyVery beautiful warm morning sky.  Beautiful image!another one of those instant fav sunrise/sunset it_was_worth_waking_up shots of yours :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Stunning shot!Always sooo Romantic!
Looks soo Great!
Ahh, I wanna be there and take some Pictures for myself ;)awesome and congrats on being there earlY!beautiful car fantastic skyGosh this is pretty

That tree silhouette adds a nice contrastCongratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!beautiful sunset- nice framingoh my this is soooooooo heavenly stunning, totally gorgeous, can't find the proper words to describe it's beauty....

I hope you are more than fine and having a wonderful time!! I gave Sunny a hug from you when I visited her last week-end :-) 

Have a wonderful day and hugs from the other side of the World :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Woohooo!  Beautiful!Wow :D this is a stunning shot :D wonderful colors :DFantastic shot!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Brilliant sun rise once again.  You get such wonderful skies there.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
----------------

*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*
invited with SICI (2009-02-28)Wow, amazing shot! Looks like the sky is on fire!your picture is a perfect escape for a snowbound day on the east coast US
You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2great shot!!well I quite like your wood too.
oooh! must photograph the old kauri fireplace we got for $1 !!!!!beautiful tiles!!!
gorgeous!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Recycled Home, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love it!They look great there. I remember my mother buying a whole tiled fireplace from someone who was throwing it out!The composition of your photos is simply stunning and they should be in a book of their own.  Love the tiles and well...just everything I see!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Woow.....gorgeous....
(Remembering that I love your house ... she is very beautiful too)
Kissesbeautiful.amei a foto!!!

bom dia querida*Is this your first BM shot? Great setup and such a wonderful shot! Happy Bench Monday! 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² ) Obrigada linda, para ti tb:-)***

 Yes it is Jerry, thanks so much, HBM for you too:-)so gorgeous to see something growing, a fabby first bench shot!  hbmSo envious to see green.  Lovely shot HBM! Thanks so much Cat, i´m happy for being do well received HBM:-) It´s my mom´s garden, not mine, eheheh HBM:-)E começaste muito bem, a foto está o máximo! :D
venham mais ihihihih ********** Obrigada Cat, devias experimentar é muito divertido:-)****Love these colors! HBM!Tão colorida! Adoro as tuas botinhas =D *great bright colors, very fun! HBMadorei Cakau!Totally lovely!
Welcome to BM!
HBM!!!!!Wonderful and colorful!!!

Happy Monday!!! Thanks HBM:-)

 Obrigada querida, estas são da filhota;)

 Thanks so much, HBM:-)

 Obrigada Fabi:-)

 Aww, thanks so much, HBM!!!!

 Thanks Rita:-)So cool!  Love the colours!

Happy &quot;first&quot; bench! (my first too)Great color! HBM!I love your boots! Great first Bench Monday shot. HBM! :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?) Yayyy, thanks HBM

 Thanks, HBM

 Thanks so much, HBM!!So fun, love the bright colors! HBM!!!=) Thanks so much, HBM!!!!cute wellies - happy 1st bench monday  xlove all the colors!  adorable!  HBM!Love the colors! Thank you:-) HBM

 Thanks so much:-) HBM

 Aww, thanks:-)This is a gorgeous shot!! Love the boots!!OMG... Happy First Bench MONDAY, Thanks for your comment!!

I LOVE THIS ONE!!! So creative too!! Everyone is so good at these!!! 

I have got to get better!!! LOVE IT!Welcome - you jumped right in with a fantastic shot....love the colors.  HBM Thanks so much:-) HBM

 OMG I feel so welcome in this group, you are all so nice:-)
HBM

 Awww, thanks so much HBM to you too:-)Great creative shot!such lovely bright colors!This is great..HBMCute shot!  HBM!i &lt;3 your Wellies! HBM!Love it!!♥

HBM!Cute set up! Love the rain boots! Happy 1st Bench Monday!!welcome...cute boots...hbm to you!!!:)Love this!! ♥ those boots! HBM!!I'm seeing so many wonderful rain boots today! Wonderful capture...

HBM!Great colors! Love this shot! I am so ready for spring here!!!
HBMWelcome :) great colors
HBM!!!So cheery! 
I love seeing that it's this nice out somewhere in the world!
Welcome to the group, HBM!bright and cheerful! love it.Thanks so much for you lovely comments, a HBM for you too:-)great colors and composition!  i want those boots!  hfirstbm!Well, I must say, you came out with a spectacular first for your HBM! I love this, those wellies are very very fun. Love the set up here....

HBM!Welcome aboard the HBM train!  Great boots too!  Happy Bench Monday!   Thanks so much for the wonderful comments, you make me feel so welcome on the group, thanks again and HBM!!!!Happy Bench Monday!
So exciting that we both started today! xoxo 
Lovely shot! Yes very exciting, I´m thinking already on the next bench monday:-) HBMWelcome!!! HBM love the scenery.... I hate snow. Really? I´ll love to have a snowfall here, ehehhe:-) HBM!!!!fun~ love the colorsWelcome to Bench Monday!  Love the colors!  =)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group! Aww, thanks:-)

 Thank you so much, I really appreciate that:-)

 Thanks add it:-)Lovely! Thank you:-)Tão colorida :)))) linda! Muito vitaminada! Continua ^_^
Tenho de experimentar! *******Adoro essas botas :D aiaiai

***tb quero um jardim!!beautiful colors!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !beautiful colors in this photo!this picture is so much fun..well done ana!cool!
i love the mood here and the perspective of the fence looks awesome!Camera info :
Canon 5D mkII- Canon 24-70mm L- iso 400 - f/3.2 - 1/200 sec

Stobist Info :
Canon 580 EXII : Left with softbox @ 1/8lovely ;)amazing shot!Great mood! Wish I could go out here just wearing a t-shirt! ;-)Inspiring. Really nice work.Thanks... It's only 1 degree here, i just wanted a change from wearing a jumper!Like the composition and the low colour saturation..  it doesn't look warm at all
--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Strobist.com&quot;. (?)great shot :)Nice work.Awesome location, lighting and pose.Explored &lt;3Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Amazing shotbella immagine.great shot. This photo see In :



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DThis is a great one, I love the relaxed feeling, it almost makes me relax just looking at it.Intresting !Great shot. Nice tones and composition!
 This photo see In :



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group beautiful image ..and colours...Beautiful trees!Wonderful landscape capture.I like the sky color.true beauty in this photoGreat job!wonderfulDreeeeeamy :)yes, winterscape. lovely!Really like the skySo beautiful. Good shot!very nice photo!i like the overall feel of this. nice.very good!Wow! That is beautiful.absolutely breathtaking loren!! those snow covered trees are amazing!woaww! Amazing picture !

Seen on FluidrNice.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Not looking forward to it. Wishing for spring !!Very beautiful.great as always.Very nice indeed!very calm &amp; quietwhat a great shot. Kudos for braving the storm.This photograph is spectacular - the landscape is pristine.  Beautiful work!Lovely muted colours. Looks so cold!
Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1
Very good capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful view, excellent work.This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!very cool - i like the little fellow too:-)Nice bokeh shot of the Gecko. Recently, I also had a Gecko shot in my stream. But without bokeh! ;-)Bokeh Fantastic!Hehehe super cute! Love him! :DIt worked well with the greenish bokeh.Gekko in a bar huh?  lol. Nice bokeh.Beautiful bokeh, nice

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)very nice indeed!i've seen so many lizards here! but not with bokeh yet!Smooth bokeh...nice capture...beautifully taken:D  very nice bokeh, rog !!!!

HBM!Very nice!Another magnificent bokeh masterpiece!  FP'ger for sure!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )super cute gecko with the beautiful bokehs, the star in your bokeh masterpiece :pshouldn't one be drinking at a bar? oh, I get it...that's why you had a hard time focussing :pWonderful bokeh !wahahahaha... since when did YOU try to get ANYTHING In focus??

pfft. *MY* lizard's real.


and ps.  guess what time of year it is?!  Ang Pao season!!  gimmegimmegimme! :D

and after that is my birthday present season.  I'll be waiting for a nice M9.This is bokeh-tastic!Wow! Awesome bokeh!! Really cool shot!Wow. The lizard look like a cyborg ;-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)haha, cute little fellowExcellent!!Ha! And you scolded Carli for HER lizard shot! Great capture, anyway, of a little guy trying to escape the bubbling bokeh cauldron ...fantastic bokeh!With a huge cannon it will be hard to do this... But since my lord using the &quot; excalibur &quot; you succed at taming such a creature at 1/4th s... Congratulation my lord...
Now tame a godzilla for us...awesome ! 

WOW ! 

were you nihonshu induced ?

hehe

cnice!AwesomeCute Gekko! Beautiful bokeh :)oh, my! Your ideas are always as cool as those bokeh!oh alright, you don't have to wrap up that M9 for my birthday.  I'll just take a shiny new little prime instead.  I'm sure you know which one I'm talking about... .and I'm sure you've already pre-ordered it.  

I want a new bokeh-machine toooooooooooo!excellent - wowhahaha cute!too nice shot

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)He looks like an acrobatic gekko.  Love the colors.  Well done.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)this is so beautiful!
i love perspective, the the greens are just amazing
it feels like an enchanted forest or something
you have the greatest pictures!lovelylovelylovelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyreally pretty katie
love the angleoh my god 
seriously?
i thought your photos could get any better..!?this is beautiful, you live in such a lovely place![http://www.flickr.com/photos/ali-/] WHERE ARE YOU IN MY LIFE? im glad youre still alive. its almost been a week o.O

thanks everyone :):)gorgeous!
love the focus =]yayyy the composition of this is greatoh my god...i said that out loud when i saw this...wow :Dbeautiful focus! i love the green!Love this on black! Great!!lovely focus! the greens are amazing!Lovely :) !Absolutely stunning. Your attention to detail and the DOF is just gorgeous.just love this.Amazing shot.Ahhh beautiful! Yeah we had a liiiittle bit of snow today! Was lovely! The movement of your hair is amazing. xBeautiful! Love the perspective and the focus =)Oh I got so happy when it was snowing, sitting shit bored in the science lab and then I saw white and it cheered me up. Then it stopped :(

This is wonderful btw, gorgeous focus, angle and colours! Hummm yes I would love to live in the country with all of your locations but hey I get bored easily so probs not the best idea!

Why am I writing so much?!! Forgive me, i'm bored and should be revising for a maths test :SI love this! the colours are perfect :)
it snowed a little here too :Dwhere do you get these amazing clothes you wear on every single photo you take? It's incredible. And the photo, too.wowowowow
i love this :Dmmmm that depth of focus, the out of focus bit of the front is so lovelyBEAUTIFUL
i love love love itKatie I'm so sorry I'm ruining your photos. I don't know what came over me. :D
I love this so much though, the focus is perfect.
and your expression represents exactly that you want the snow to leave and the weather to get better, even if you didn't think about it that moment.
by the way, will I sit on that road when I come to visit you? is it near your house?always creative and inspiring. Lovely image. :)katie always produces the most beautiful photoswhat the hell katie!?
give me some of your talent!Hahaha rona, when i clicked on this i knew all those notes would be from you. I was like, WHATS SHE TRIED TO MAKE, I CANT TELL??? haha. snowflakes. nice ;) I thought you might go for a car. 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44932276@N06/]awwh thank you, I seem to just collect them from vintage and charity shops. haha. thanks, thats very sweet. :)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44092305@N02/] thats what im normally like!!! but weve had too much snow. im so sick of it :/ haha, thank you :)

thanks everyoneI love the colors and the focus!  Your outfit is so pretty :-)the location and angle are gorgeous!
and I love your pose! 
lovely shot :)another amazing scenery &amp; sp :]perspective!!!!!
i love this! 
so much,...I love the location and all the green. &lt;3I first wanted to make a car. but I thought it was boring. then I wanted to make a bus. but it didn't look like a bus.
THEN I MADE SNOW FLAKES.
yeah.


:)i was gonna vote for this on tumblr but i decided not to. 
i just like how your hair is flowing (flying?) out. 
and the warm green earth tones (:This looks like a place I shot in Nashville recently. haha:D
Nice dof!This could totally be in a magazine! It looks amazing!haha I like the &quot;snowflakes&quot;
This shot is beautiful as always :]OMG. This is gorgeous, really.This is great :) :)such an amaizng one! :Dwowowoow, this is soooo gorgeous.
all the colors and the focus :O
gah, amazingWOW! amazing amazing location!!Fabulous!  I love the textures and colors.  The moss and the stone are wonderful!I really really really adore this. The green is so great and makes me really really want spring, but we still have about two feet of snow and will for at least until the middle of march: (.   your outfit goes with all the natural tones so well, and I love the perspective!! oh, and the wind in your hair : ). basically, I just love this.loving the focus and composition! The colors and tones are amazing as wellthis is so beautiful!that's prolly the coolest location ever! Beautiful shot, great colors.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.lovely shot :-)hehe where can you find those colors? :) another great one!really nice DoF, nice composition too.everything about this is beautiful. it's amazing how green england looks even in winter. and your outfit is basically to die for, it's so cute!!Very beautiful, good work!ths is lovely lovely lovely!! gorgeous idea :)beautiful focus and location. I love your outfit, and the fact we can't see what you're looking atWow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :Di love this to death. its truly beautiful.Nice shot! is this SOOC?
very nice shotoh my gosh, what a beautiful location/perspective!Gorgeous!  Love the focus!Oh goodness, girl, this is gorgeous. I want to visit where you live so badly!!beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )holy crap the dof is ridiculous. the focus is so sharp and full of amazingness.this is lovely!!!!The DoF is gorgeous here! again, lovely location! gahh i want to go to Derby xDbeautiful focus and the greens!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.I've never seen a bench so shiny! &lt;3  HBM :)Very nice!! HBM!Great shot!! eep!  me neither! throw in VERY wet grass, and the near epic slip and you could call it 'danger bench monday' - ha.  we can take you here when you make it up this way!  thanks!Love the shiny bench! HBM!great dof and boots!yay! i love when you bench. and so shiny, great reflection, hbm lovely, x.oh, this is really nice!!!  that reflection of the boots is fantabulous!!!!
Happy Bench Monday!!!Wicked shiny ... makes a nice reflection.

hbm!great bench, super boots, love the DoF, hbmlove the lighting and reflection on the bench.  HBM!great lights, great bench
HBM!!!you forgot + perfect boots. 

HBM!weeee, it's fun to be back on the bench!  i forgot just how MUCH flickr love you guys give! :)  i thank you each and every one and will show you these shiny benches if  you ever come visit!  

and the boots?  can you love something TOO much? they are my super favorites and must last me forever and ever and ever and ev.....Great reflection. HBM!sweet:)
HBM!!! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)Nice shot  :o)Very cool shot!  HBM!Amazing capture, nice bokehLove this!
cograts on Explore :)
HBM!You should thank that late client. This rocks! HA! yes!Neat Shot! I really like it!!Great shot!I love the reflection!Wow, I love this one alot! Really captivated me, congrats on the Explore! :DWow, this is fabulous. Love this image. Congratulations on explore.This is so gorgeous!wow!  what a great shot!  the green, the reflection and those oh so cool boots! hbelatedbm.one of the best i've seen. so creative.

well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So cool !!!!!!!!!  I love it !!!!!!!!!!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore. Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2I fav !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2love it! and explored :)nice one,,20 yrs,thats so totally awesome,,digging everyones boots!looks at all of those great boots!OMG!! 20 years??? Thats great!
You are a huper cool band of friends!
HBM!how it is possible for all of your best friends to have such fabulous boots?  this is so fun...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love it!  20 years - awesome!  Great boots.  HBM!HBM,hun!!
wow for the 20 years of sisterhood   xoAwesome shot and I love that you have had the same girlfriends for 20 years, so have I! HBM!this is lovely, it makes me feel warm and fuzzy, hbmThis is great HBM!So many benches! HBM!Ok, this is the back of your album...

HBM!thanks! hbm all!

erika - that is SO funny! 

molly -  i know, i was thinking the same, cool boots all round! x.awesome boots, ladies!  hbm...that's what friends are for. :)love your style!  HBM!wonderful! HBM!Lovely shot, great boots!This is awesome. Love the boots! You all are so stylish! And I just remembered it's Bench Monday so I better get busy and take my shot! lol!!YAY for benching together with friends! 
this shot is awesome!
HBM! :)To cute!!! HBM!!!!!aww that's sweet.  HBM!:)love this composition and all the warm toneshow fun! good to see you had a fun time and that your friends were all up for your bench shot!excellent shot - you all look so cool together!! happy bench monday  xwonderful. Spending time with friends is priceless!this makes me all kinds of happy. so glad you had a great time. xowow ~ you have such a solid friendship :)
HBMnice concept!so cool! :)
i love the idea of a friendship bench monday shot. :)
hbm!awww! what stylish ladies! so fun.very sweet-and you all wore boots!  HBmlovely...oh, how i could use a weekend away with the girls....sigh :)sweet!This is great! hbm!this is so great...what a neat memory!!!!:)  hbm!!!:)great boots, great friends, great photo!  hbm!oh my goodness, check out my knobbly knees! v chuffed to be in a bench monday shot. xxxlove the boots!!!This is so awesome. 
Love how this is set up. 
Yay for friendship.
HBM!of course this is an instant fave...friends like this is a picture worth way more than 1000 words...love it Xanthe!!!!


Happy Bench Monday!!!So fun ... love the killer boots you all are sporting and the composition and colors are great!woah check out farmer fran - the little minx! love it &amp; love this xWhat a great bench shot.. HBM !!yay for friends! this is an awesome bench shot. you rock the benches, i said that already didn't i? :)So many things to love about this...

HBM my dear!Did you tell them all to wear awesome boots ahead of time?!fab!  love everyone's winter wear :)cute boots for cute friendsfriends AND benches that is a great day.

lovin all that style!explored again, my dear!  last i saw you were on page 6 for the day ;)Love it!  Those are some great coats and boots!  I am sure y'all had such a blast!  =)  FUN!!!  HBM!!!this is too wonderful for words!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Love all your boots :)Great shot. Very interesting composure and you guys are all dressed fabulously.Great shot!~♥♥♥ ~
HBM  on Wednesday~~

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Miss you too. Check check check out eff's pins xxx Jzuzy sois as per....Beautiful. hopeful! :-)Wow c'est superbeBuena captura. El arco iris se ve perfecto !stunningly beautiful!Excellent composition!
Amazing shot!

You are invited to display your image on
The Best Shot - post 1 / award 5That is so beautiful!  And such a good capturechouetteWonderful captureSooo beautiful !!!Pretty rainbow shotGood capture, great shooting Arnaud!!Wonderful!très joli
depuis montjuzet je présume?perfect capture ...Very nicely shot!!du bon en ce moment yen a trop !!!!A lovely capture.Great work seen on my contacts page!Wow!!!!!Wow!!  Fantastic rainbow shot ... :o)nice capture my friend, love the clouds as well 

seen in my contactsBien pillado...yo aún no he tenido esta suerte. !!!Tu voles sur l'arc-en-ciel maintenant mon grand???? Manque plus que Dorothy!!!!
J'espère que tout va bien pour toi et que tu continues à voir le monde en couleurs, penché, certes, mais en couleurs!!!!
Bisous!!!!bien jouè mon salaud! :)Well done. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)thats lovely.fabulous capture
looks so close you can touch it..

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)excelent shot, nice frame tooWonderful capture!A rainbow and silver linings!

Great capture.lovely rainbowHi, I'm an admin for a group called Lovely villages, fields, meadows, swamps, lakes &amp; forests, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hermosa tomaExcellent composition and mood!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice color capture. great catch.

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Thanks for stopping by
...-Wink's Place-...Grandiosa !Very nice capture.♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥wonderful shot
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Great capture
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)perfect colorsFabulous!Félicitations Arnaud, une explore bien méritée.your picture is outstanding
I'd like to invit it to be a part of the collection of exceptional images 
in the new group 
called 
&quot;in the mood&quot; 

If you accept the invitation please: post 1 award 2!
Fabulous and excellent rainbow :)Nice shot, beautiful colout!stunning shot!Beautiful capture
CiaoBeautiful!~LOve ur wOrk~
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..Beautiful!!!!!


♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Lucky you! This is a realy beauty!Wonderful sky!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]A superb capture.Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.Fantastic image!do feel better...

this shot is spectacular!love the texture and the skirt! Oh my I need one in my size so I can twirl away. I hope your blues lift soon, HBM!This is lovely Heather..looking forward to seeing you dancing in this cute skirt ;-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)gorgeous colouring! the pink and green go so well together. love the skirt too!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love the colors!  HBM!!!  =)love the skirt, i have one as well. they're so fun, especially while twirling :) the texture and colors are so lovely. hbm!!i like it :)This is sooo pretty - I hope you're feeling better soon and have your energy back!!!Aww...this is cute. Love the shoes. Great composition and processing.Love it:-)Oh my, love the color here, and the skirt is awesome!...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolFeel better! But that is an amazing shot! I love the shirt and shoes. The texture is awesome too!Where are those beautiful shoes from?? I'm in love with them!!Thank you, Pink Owl!  They're from a British company called Boden :)  They have fabulous flats :)Wonderful Bench Monday shot... very tastefully done... and Congrats on Explore... well done! 




Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Bench Monday&quot;. ( ?² )Gorgeous &lt;3great texture!

I adore this work ...Wonderful photo. Beautiful image.
Captured by a talented woman.
 &quot;League of Women Photographers&quot;


Join the league. 
SERIOUS Photography!
Thank you for sharing!
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers*Fantastico trabajo-Fantastic Work see in..


;La Mistica de las Texturas-The Mystic of the TexturesHi, I'm an admin for a group called x-treme  -  photographic experiments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely colors and dreamy mood!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PhotoPoetics, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is sooooo cute!So pretty!

Seen in

Seen in Joyful Simplicities
Many thanks for sharing this wonderful pic with us!
Your contribution &amp; support are greatly appreciated!

I saw this wonderful picture in:

Focused In on Photography

Please spare some of your precious time to award
pics in the group pool. Thank you for your kind cooperation!

Niki, Group Admin.amazing skirt!

--
Seen in A Piece of Me (?)i like!! beautiful captureThis is really good! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Happy Bench Monday!  Keep warm!I like the map. :-)

hbm!wow that looks cold, very creative! HBM!Really cool! HBMso creative.  south... head south.Great shot So creative! Lovely tones.
HBMI love the space in this, hbmnothing stops a girl from getting on her bench on a monday, not even -40 degrees!Love the composition of your shot!
HBM!oh no, which way do you go?  lol  HBM!Love the processing!!!
HBM!!!beautifulbeautiful...love the map blowing with the wind...
So cold poor you.....sweet:)
HBM!!! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)That is commitment!!  Love the blowing map!Gorgeous landscape and composition!I really like this... and the sense of wonder it evokes;
the uncertainty of what lies ahead.
excellent composition!!!!
HBM!!!! :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )sounds like you need a nice, hot cuppa to warm you up. head south-east and I'll stick the kettle on! :-) HF(reezing)BM!great shot !No, no....go west. Go West Young Woman . . . .

You Canadians have benches in the most unusual places!  : )Very nice composition!I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~GUCCI &lt;3333♥_____♥mahawziiiiiii ♥ 
awooooh el pic  elmafro'6 esmha &quot;autumn femininity &quot;♥ 
liked all the details elly bl shot  ♥ _♥ 
especially the gucci thing ;p:P 
♥ ♥ ♥&lt;33333cute il shoes hay a7iba i5ty 3indaha mithla :P7beeet The pic Mood ! 
But I wish her Shadow Was DarkerLove it &lt;333 it Jameeeeeeeelaaaa \\//
Abda3tee Mahawwwz
A7bich ;pAljoharah` 
lol am going to put it as a  title 3shanch :p &lt;3
Jolies Femme's♥   
at9d8een 7ata ana , salmy 3aleeha &lt;3(k)  :p

thanks girls &lt;3cute &lt;33'9m allah ajerkom !!  mn mat fel photostream ?? achoof kela a'9lema !?! =Pp &lt;&lt;lash ana chee (A)
ya 7lelchba3adilyoum afta7 mnkelyoum =D &lt;&lt;wallah ana madree ashfeeni mngalbah 3alichfel flickr lool ! 
il mohem yal Freak  a7bch wallah ana mahawz freak or fan tabeen ?? choose =Pp &lt;&lt;wallah amdal3tch ana ! 
fedetch yamahooy 3ad maye7tayi agoolch 3an ur photostreamkela10/10 &lt;&lt;farg 3an ilkalam ilee foog ! =P
la bass wayed 7lo mashallah ! 
59o9an 2na ilshalfah feeha shoes ! &lt;&lt;(y)
love you galbi 
=*****fav 4 sureeee
goosssh so amaaazingяǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

ďØoм fə alβďά3..~ •º㋡

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º㋡

keep it foog ya thoo8..~ •º㋡

 ~..»♥« cÖмMεnt мε ρℓzZz..+.nÖtε+ fav »♥«..~ 


3andoo
looooool  yal crazy whats wrong with you shsawy a7b il mysterious dark mood :p lol, &lt;3ich yal crazy 


thanks &lt;3soo nice cosoo nice 
comment meالله يحفضهاا
^^tjnnn t3bt w ana agoul fnana!w ana t3bt w ana a8ool that you light my page &lt;3mahooy tabeen 2t3arfeen lash 2nty chee ! cause u're an evil person nya ha ha ha !!=Ppnyaha ha ha ha 5alch yal innocent &lt;3the gucci ballerina is cute ♥
I really love autumn photos!! w urs is so nice FAV*_*really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!=)allah &lt;3
7bait el FLAT *__*:D:*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called giяl's Oηly ™, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Als vis zie je dit beeld liever niet denk ik zo. Heel mooiWow, very nice portrait 

simply awesome!Great. Very nice composition of the head detail, but a great view of that interesting eye especially...This is really amazing ! Perfect shot and great details.
Not tired at all !!Wow stunning detailed close upOuch! My eyes just got poked with those sharp details. Lovely capture as always.Lekker dichtbij!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Spectacular Animals (Invite Only) Vote for January's Best, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love the headshots!!! Great intense gaze!incredible portrait -- the details are awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fabulastic.This is great. Perfect focus and background. Nice work.Wonderful catch my friend
Nicely seen and executed 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wow this is really beautiful and pretty shot !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called `Birds Birds Birds (Post 1 Comment 3) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome capture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Fat Bee &amp; Dancing Gull* (Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant shot!Nicely done, great shot !Wow great work congrats on explore!StunningHair sharp!Superb shot!!!fantastic details and framing :)Prachtig...dat lijkt mij ook wel wat..!!fantastic capture! great details!


Very nice artwork and textures with the brick. Nicely captured Chuck.Thanks Brother for all your great comments and faves on my work!Thank You For Posting This In EW&amp;F

www.flickr.com/groups/earthwindfire/
Please Post 2 and Comment on 2Oh this is amazing! Greate paintings!Wow - lovely paintings - you have captured them perfectly too!This was so neat..had to do something waiting for the resturant to open..What fun!Those are so cute.excellent art capture Chuck 
some thing to see while standing in the Q...
Thank You For Posting This In EW&amp;F:

www.flickr.com/groups/earthwindfire/
Please Post 2 and Comment on 2All three are nice and so colorful.Great capture!

Thank You For Posting This In:

All Things Beautiful... In LifeChuck Thank You For Posting This In:

All Things Beautiful... In LifeTerrific captures all....love the texture the brick creates!!Very nice, like the brickwork texture!I wish I could paintGreat find, Chuck.  One of the better examples of street art that I've seen.
--
Seen in the group&quot;This Group Of Our Own&quot; ( ?² )Nice catch.Very nice !Thanks for the great comments and faves guys!Superb and colorful mural paintings. Beautiful captures Brother.Well composed series of shots!Nice set of photos Chuck!Wonderful capture!!! such a great wall painting,great colors.Loves it !Excellent artwork, thanks for sharing.Great set of wall art and well taken!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A Challenge For You, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

  
A Challenge For You
Please tag this photo &quot;AChallengeForYou&quot;

 You won #10 - Member's Choice (Last Upload) 


--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;A Challenge For You&quot; (?)So cool!Thank you all for the great comments!What a great set of murals!  thanks for posting them, Chuck.You love hanging out with groovy ladies. A great find.Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.YAY - you finished it.finished AND looking good!I love it!very fresh! love that red letter day fabric!so pretty!  i love that pattern and the colors!what a cheerful quilt!love, love, love!Great quilt.Love the quilt! Beautiful colors/fabrics.hermoso!I always enjoy cross quilts - well done!Wonderful shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful shot. 
The name means Whale Peninsula Church.Lovely light!Veramente molto suggestivo questo notturno...
Fantastici quei minareti ben illuminati...
Grande Fil !!!

Buona serata !



GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to 
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardChe spettacolo!!! Questa estate sarà la mia meta!!! Un saluto!!!great photo!beautiful shot Filippo!Caspita, che bella foto! Luci davvero suggestive, esposizione perfetta...insomma complimenti!Excellent night capture..Wonderful light&amp;mosque...Nice low light shot!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Superb photo

An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;

-----------------------------------------wonderful night scene!beautiful blue mosque, beautiful photo, bravo! ;]



This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamondWow!!! So exotic and beautiful!!!! Great image!Thanks for drooping by my photo.
This image is great !!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Great lights and fantastic colors of the trees.very nice shot!...da mille e una notte !!!
Stupenda , ciaowhat a wonderful building so intricate lovely lightingbellissimo scatto!Innanzitutto ben tornato, il maestro si è rivisto con un nuovo scatto dall'eleganza unica.
Un notturno da spettacolo con luci che creano le stelle e un dettaglio perfetto.
Ciao Filippo, grazie dei commenti e buona giornata.
Mario:-)bellissimo questo notturnoCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato FOTOPEDIA (POST1-COMM3 SWEEPER ACTIVE). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.wonderful light and building. Superb night-shotMagnifique !!!excellent night shot.! i really love the lights!Sempre il solito ...Great shot my friend .Yes there were under Uçhisar castle and  on the Göreme roadBeautiful shot! Amazing building!Excelente!!! nocturna!!!, muy buena edicion!!!.SaludHi,your photos are really great,congrats..fantastic shot
well doneMagnifica nocturna.

Besos
kalanon posso credere ai miei occhi....
è una visione quasi magica, molto molto suggestiva, io adoro l'architettura araba e, presa in notturno, è qualcosa che mozza il fiato...
i miei complimenti, hai un album fantastico!!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Art of Images (♥P1-Aw 3♥) High Quality Group -Sweeper. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato FreedomHawk Post1/AWARD3/ OR BANNED SWEEPER  RUNNING ZERO TOLERA. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.bellisima nocturna,,,muy buenaMuy buena!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Beautiful. Thanks for your comments.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )This is a wonderful image of Islam.
Please share ALL your lovely photographs with us in:


Islam – Culture and People
Be Kind to AWARD 2 
Please tag with &quot; Islam : Culture and People &quot; really great capture... very nicely composed and amazing lighting...Beautiful night shot, love the lighting!!Preciosa foto, amic.****************Very beautiful !****************
.........C|h|ú|c|m|ừ|n|g|n|ă|m|m|ớ|i !  .........
T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !Excellent shot. Greetings...Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato HIGH CREATIVITY. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Una foto creativa di grandissimo effetto.beautiful compo! very nice lighting!great lights.. awesome capture..
Thanks for visit &amp; comments..You Are Invited To Add This Image To:
The Ruby Awards
 
Please add your photo to the group pool and tag it  RubyPhotographer i like this! :) great composition! =D--

 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) 
Please tag your photos ImpressedBeauty 
--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Impressed by your Beauty! {Invite Only} - Mosaic ContestVOTE NOW&quot; ( ?² )Superb image - congrats on explore, worthy candidateSplendida inquadratura!!! Fantastico lo sharpen dei dettagli e la gestione della luce. Bravissimo!
Ciao.splendid nightshot !Splendida immagine  notturna. Complimenti per  la manifica
inquadratura  ed i colori !!nice:)lovely
You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner!
If you haven't done so, please delete your photo from the invite thread and add it to 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnermeravigliosa...grazie della visita :)You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner!
If you haven't done so, please delete your photo from the invite thread and add it to 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerstupenda!


bellissimo album!muy bien captada esa luzAwww! Perfect for Valentine's Day!  So cute! :D

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)adorable, they are so cute, hbmadorable! HBM!adorable. you gotta love those shoes! such pretty colors in this!So cute!! HBM!OMG, they look so cute - love the vintage valentine bags...and super cute double chucks.  HBM[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bunchesandbits/]

All of the sudden when Wyatt went to put his shoes on they were too small, had to cram his feet in them just for this...time for new shoes! : )oh my gosh, that is so sweet and colorful. I love the Valentine's!Wow, there's some color in this shot!!

hbm!so sweet! hbm.Adorable! HbmJust adorable! The pink chucks and the heart-patterned tights are sooo cute!Adorable♥Socute♥

HBM!Adorable!  Love those chucks!  HBM!Adorable!!!!! Love this! hbm!Awe! Super sweet!SO sweet.  Almost like dueling Valentines.  &quot;Who will out love the other?&quot;so adorable!Adorable!so sweet! :D hbm!this is so, so cute!!!!:)  hbm!!:)oh..so so cute!  Love the red and pink chuck..hbm!oops..I meant chucks!this is so cute!  hbm!I love this right down to the toes of those holiday-appropriate colored Chucks! Cute cuter and triple cutest!love the chucks.. love the chairs...HBM...adorable
HBM!!Awww...thanks so much everyone! You made my day!just love all the candy colors!  so cute! hbm!lovely valentines shoot... happy bench monday  xlove the powder blue chairs hbmsuper cute!! hbm!awwww soooo cute!This is so cute. The tights are just as sweet as can be. 
HBM!Adorable! I love those tights:-DSo cute!  I loved Mr. Rogers when I was growing up!  HBM!sweet and cute :)Love the colors, chairs and Converse!  Great pic!  HBM!!!  =)This is so sweet!!Just saw this  on Explore - congrats. Tell Wyatt it was totally worth having his does be uncomfortable.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Too sweet :)

HBM...So cute!! Congrats on the Explore!!Ha-I don't really get the whole &quot;Explore&quot; thing...guess I just click on Explore up at the top to see it?!!!!perfect!  adorable!  HBM!Cute!Perfect!really fabulous!!!  love the chucks.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is so adorable!!! I love how they're each holding a Valentine. The shoes and tights are so darn adorable! Such a perfectly sweet bench Monday!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So cute !!!!!!   I love it !!!This is so beautiful! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Ooow! *-* So cute!! :DHa! Cute idea! HBMwhat an adorable piggy, hbmgreat idea! great color/lighting!Very cute!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Cute Cute Cute, Korin!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)adorable! HBMso sweet!A snow day would be nice ;) This is cute!awwwww! i want ooneeee!good one :)
i love it!!!
and yay, we have big snow here today too! :(That is the cutest thing ever!  Lovely shot.is this the film that you used that made it gradient? or just the editing program?so nice shot.
and beautiful colorshhahaa that's so cute! Love the lil pig :)I have the same somewhere! So cute!very cute :)hello there piggy! 
haha. I love what you've been doing lately. this 365 looks awesome.You are so crazy !Thanks for the plug Em! love ya babe!this is gorgeous. those chairs are ADORABLE! beautiful setup. :-)I am amazed at your photostream!  Totally gorgeous and creative photos!Love this! And great chairs!love the compostion and concept .. and i love your chairsoh! So creative you are!The best bench monday I have ever seen!!!!! You and your mom are so creative!!!! WOWWWWW!!!!Nice one!wow, this is so great! HBMi love your idea

creativeLOOK WHO GOT HER MOJO BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love this Emma... You are rockin it once again!!!  FAVE!so very beautiful, great shotSooo nice!!!!  Really a great idea and execution!!!  Love the story about the boots too!!!love this! So creative and love the different colored chairs...great idea!this is the best! I love it!!The pink one!!!! :)Nice Emma..great work..or fun..  :0)haha, genious idea Emma!

And lordy, couldn't your Mumsy just have broughten you the boots? :)so cool!this is totally awesome emma! i LOVE it! :)LOVE this!wowwwww this is such an awesome and creative idea, I love the colors and tones, and how the records match the chairs they're on :)

and I love the description haha :Dthe composition is great!!!
i. absolutely. love. this!!&lt;3awesomee  : )What rut? Nice idea.wow, what a wonderful shot! LOVE the composition!!you have the best ideas :) and love this shot!this is my favorite photo ever on flickr!!!!!!!! 
omg i love this!!
it the best!! great job!!!!Super cute and clever shot! love the gloves and chairs of different colors!Oh,SO cute! How wonderfully creative.Clever and cute.  You have the best props.  
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Gloves and bare feet! Love it!! You make me want to do Bench Monday, and then I always miss it.ooh chilly toes!niceclassic.  My dad has a collection of albums.  like 1000's   I so need to get some out and get some pics from his collection.  Clever idea.  love it.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!e x c e l l e n t .

great workI absolutely love this and have NO idea how I missed it!!!!!!:)  SO GREAT!!!:)Super awesome emma....... aren't your toes cold.. burrr!! Love the soft pretty colors!


Mashallah `وه وه :&quot;| ! ماششاء الله يدنن الله يحفظه :*
fav sure :* &lt;333ياقلبي أنا عالأصفر 
ياديننه ماشاء الله 

ربي يحفظهما شا الله تيارك الله

الله يحفظه، رووووعة الصورةما شاء الله ..

يااناسو عليه و اصفر كمان للفاف بسرعه

تسلم ايدك شعاع يا مبدعه ..ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن ,, 
ربي يحفظه انشالله ويسلمه ,, ابدعتي مس شعاع بالتصوير
يعطيج العافيةماشـــاااء الله عسل ولدكمmashalla cuteوُه ماشاء الله جممميل ()ماشاء الله ،
جميييله

ابدعتيماشاء الله تبارك الله

روعه

الله يحفظه يارب

يعطيك العافيهحبيت الصوره الاولى اكثر
ربي يحفظه

 ماشاءالله اضاءتك تعجبني دايممشاءلله

يدنننننننننن

الله يحفظه ويسعد قلبه ويخليه لكم ^^وانيييني
ماشاء الله دميييييييييييييييل
 الله يحفظهيرد برد دفوه 

كيوت ما شاء الله

الله يخليهHi, I'm an admin for a group called ღ♥ღBABYs  OnlY ღ♥ღ, and we'd love to have this added to the group!•SH3A3•

nice pic ya 3sL ,,, 
mashalla yjanen allah y7meeeh ,,,

tslm yadek ,,,, 
(f)يالبى الاصفريكا

. . . ♥ mashalla cuteLovely &lt;3
favmashallahجدآ جميلة اللقطة .. الله يحفظهروعه ..

=)


ماشاءالله .. والله يحفظـهبسم الله عليه الله يحفظه 
و يخليه لكم يا رب 
&lt;3ماشاء الله

الله يحفظهماشاءالله عليه
يجننMashallah,,!
did he took the cuteness from u?
his smile &amp; his tiny legs &amp; hands
r just gorgeous,,ياناااااااث :*
ماشاءالله جمييييليآٌنآششو يدنن =$
ربي يحفظه إن شآء الله .../
والخلفيه حلووهـ ~
مووفقه شعآع }ْExplore ! 

www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/08/page28/

.
.

Beautiful .. ㋡
Mashallah &lt;3

.
.exploreبسم الله عليييه ربي يحفظه لكم هالدميييل (K)
حبيت الإضاءة شعاع , 


و مبروك ع الإكسبلور =Pمآ شآء آلله تبآركُ آلرحمنّ ^^ 
يجننّ , لقطـهّ مووفقـهّ ..

لآ حرمنآ جديدكّ ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait Read, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Mashalla
yjnn
Favياولي يهبل ماشاء الله
ربي يخليه لكم ان شاء ا للهLovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Mashallah!مشاء الله مزيون هالوليد  :D

ابدعتي  .. الأضائه والدقه روعهووووهـ ياربييي ثلممهم بث ق1 ق1
يدنن تبارك الله 
يشهي للعض =P

ربي يحفظه الكتكووتcuuuuuuuuuute 


allah y7f6'ah



favيااااااااااااااااااااي
كيووووووووووووووت ماشاء الله ربي يحفظه
()()a wonderful place, fantastic :Dche bella!Che stupendo spettacolo! Noi adoriamo i laghi...amazing location, great capture of the fog, nice photo!Scorcio incredibile!Simply WOW! Spectacularso beautiful nature... love here..


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)molto bella!!
complimenti!Spettacolare!WOW.fantastica ladi!Foto bella e panoramica!!!What a majestic view that is!Wonderful view Federica!bella....un po più freddina rispetto alla serie precedente ma bella !!Wowww
Questa lascia senza fiato!!!
Meravigliosa!
:-)))Beautiful.

Nice Shot! Please consider adding this nice shot to:
Nice Shot!


Post 1, award 5fantastic shot! well done!This is a beautiful photo above the bank of fog, amazing work as always!Wow very beautiful place!those mountains look magical. great shot.Awesome. Great shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DazzlePix LANDSCAPE Magic, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh, this is very nice! I like it...This is a very nice photograph.Interesting and gorgeous vision
Thanks for sharing


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very beautiful captureschöne aussichtMuy bonita!!!How wonderful.  Looks quite surreal with the palm tree in the foreground.un interessante punto di vista:-))Lovely shot and composition, wish I had taken it.
This is far and away the best!

This image is invited to be posted in Far and Away the Best!
Please tag photo with F.A.B.Quelle cime imbiancate che fanno da contraltare alla palma in primo piano rendono questa foto straordinaria... certo che hai una bella fortuna ad abitare in uno dei luoghi più belli d'Italia...Che bella. What a wonderful shot ladigue.Fantastica e perfetta cattura.a good picture and fun one when you have a palmtree and snowy mountains in the same frame!Fantastic Picture !!!bell'effetto la nebbia dal basso!Vista en:
See in:
 Natureza Ceibe-agrega 1, comenta 2Fantastic place, great capture of the mountainswow..stunning wonderland...wow.Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group!!looks like you are making the best of that fog!  you are such a lucky girl with a view like that at your doorstep!!Extraordinary beauty! The edge of the fog bank makes a great mid-ground!
.Ma quanto é bello il lago maggiore = ). Complimenti bella panoramica!NIce combination of elements here :)Bella panoramica, complimenti!that is such an extraordinary view...must have been an amazing feeling, experiencing a surronding so beautiful :)justfordream!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called jusTfordrEAM, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)contradictory!Lol..the bokeh is perfect!!!Brilliant shot! Could turn this one into a full-length feature movie!I will stand witness. That? Not Harold.  I mean, rly, doesn't even look like a balloon, does' it??Great light and bokeh! He's thinking &quot;WTF!?! Is that a camera dangling from a balloon?&quot;about that bokeh ... not yours, either.  Mine, really.  At least now.  I lay claim. Sorry.Wow fantastic shotgorgeous tones &amp; dof &amp; bokeh!killer tones my friend!so pretty!! :)
Seen in
Happy MondYay!


mmmYAY!lovely title, pretty bokeh &amp; tone! excellent shot!hahah &quot;see the bokeh? thats mine&quot; 
this light is soft
beautiful shoti like your bokeh!lovely shot, great tonesGood bokeh! Nothing wrong with owning that!Him? Bad hair day. You? Great bokeh.I think that might be my car. On the right. 

It must be easy to take photomographs when you're a baloon. People stare, children smile, and you can float wherever you please. 

Thanks for appeasing Canon, I think you saved the world. Rly.beautiful. as always.Could you post a time-lapse video of the colours shifting on the pola?beautifully-caught pola sky.....195. Wish I had one of these...love the result !heavenly. wish i could step inside the photo.i love that one....
it's like seeing some hope with the new daymmm
gotta love this meeting of light and dark..fantastic clouds :)Great !oh yes!brilliant blue.muy linda ♥beautiful colorGorgeous.i really like the photo, but sorry, there is just too much around it which distracts.Perfect!oh oh oh!Love Surrey!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Scatterbrain arguments [Blue Contest!!!!!!!], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fragments.of.Memory, and we'd love to have this added to the group!*sigh*Fantasticvery nice picHi, I'm an admin for a group called AllEdges Still Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)



Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY man thats nice.that's a proper tea chacha haha :)Superbe composition, douceur et précision, et les couleurs sont superbes!wow, the Noctilux is really a great lens! I love the DoF here!!wow...you make it look so so good!  !lol! life is wonderful to enjoy these lovely handheld goodies while having some amazing tea.. yup.. long awaiting.. still.. :))great mood here!that's life1.yep, lucky me..except that now i am in the homesick phase...
2. the atmosphere in the photo looks warm enough. bet you had a wonderful timePlease consider Joining and posting your Beautiful photo at
&quot; Straight from Camera&quot;.
Your Beautiful photo deserves a Trophy!
Now that is a wonderful table settingyour camera portraits are always so tastefully done.  the coffee looks very enticing too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LEICA Globetrotter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful and warm colors :)lovely mood..as always...A so beautiful camera...lovely!!!
may i join you~ha!ha!relaxing chachasan. is that your G1? seldom see you use it bro. I just borrowed a G from a friend, really wanna try try that 21mm people say it's good. I am so addicted to 21mm hehe =DYour Beautiful photo deserves another Trophy!

Seen on &quot;Straight from Camera&quot;.Beautiful softness!Thank you friends !

@jax, you are always welcome, any time.

@Simona, besides the homesick, everything should be fun !

@ Kestra San, yes, that's mine, I have it for more than 10 years. You are welcome to use it.f0.95 wow. Love the DOF.Wonderful shot!!!Very nice photo.love this!Lovely capture :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Perfect shot, and perfect moment !!!

I love it !!!!!A nice still in quiet light chacha.Great composition!that is some really fancy focus you got there.beauty colors! HBM! :)So chic !!!!lovely!Cute!hBM!I love the colours and tones you get from your processing, just brilliant.Very feminine. The tones are perfect. HBM! =)so pretty and pink, hbmSuch pretty lil' feet and love the shoes, HBM!!=)Oh....I love this!! 
The colors...the feel of the image...love it!lovely tones.  HBM!Love this! Great idea too:)Cute!
Great colors.So girly and pretty (*hides toes*) :)Beautiful tones.


Seen in  Bench Monday
Fun shot!  Makes me believe spring might actually be on the way.Love the colours!So pretty! Love the pink! Neat perspective!! HBM!!cute...hbm!!!:)soft and sweet, HBM!so pretty! hbm.This makes me long for summer!  HBM!GorgeousOutstanding shot, fantastic compo


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.loool

So Cute

I liked .!Well done
 This fantastic photograph was seen in
Cherry on top! Photographylovely toes!Amazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Cute! :)So so Pretty!!
 VIEWED YOUR WONDERFUL IMAGE IN
 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Halsey.awwwwwwwww such a lubbly bubbly shot!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !I dare say they didn't mind the misspelt name..................as this is gorgeous work!!!!!! your orchids and butterflies are beautiful!This is gorgeous.......I'm sure they loved it!!!i t is wonderful....bravoooIt is gorgeous Yana, chic and modern. I love the black and white deco design and I am sure Boone and Nati were thrilled no matter how you spelled his name.Beautiful cake!Looks gorgeous Yana!  sure Nati was looking at your flowers and not at the spelling! - and I bet it tasted YUM YUM YUM!Your cake is absolutely gorgeous! Nati was very happy with it  I guess!!Thank you very much for lovely comments!

They did like the cake. The cake was a surprise, they had no idea what I was bringing to  the airport. Nati said it was deliciouse. I believed her :).Yana, once again thank you so much for your gorgeous and very thoughtful gift. Totally unexpected!!!

We had a piece of cake each as dessert on Sunday night, and i had some yesterday with my aunty for lunch ;)

It was soooooooo delicious!!!!!

It was lovely to meet you too. Hope that next time we get more time for a chin wag ;)What a wonderful Idea. and the cake is so beautiful. Well done Yana.Just a gorgeous cake from a gorgeous lady for a gorgeous couple!! Gorgeous all round! :DOOh Yana what a beautiful cake..and what a lovely thing for you to do!!!
Happy Anniversary to Nati and Boone!!
--Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)What a gorgeous cake, in very much the &quot;Yana&quot; style too :)
Nati told me you surprised her and that the cake was delicious.  She also agreed with me that you are a darling :)Looks wonderful Yana! such a gorgeous cake. The flowers are beautiful!

A lovely idea to do for someone.very pretty and so well done!Lovely gesture Yana - looks great! Your orchids are so lovely!Such beautiful design! Very special and unique! Everything blends is so well together! Love it!Its beautiful Yana, and a lovely suprise! I love your pattern with the orchids, gorgousWhat a wonderful thing for you to do! It'[s a stunning cake Yana!

Happy anniversary Nati &amp; Boone!Thank you so much for your lovely comments!

I was so thrilled I could actually make something for Nati :-). It was one of those rare cakes when everything went as planned. I really enjoyed making it. 


It even made Explore - WOW~ooh Congrats on explore Yana!! Well deserved!!
--Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)!!! SEEN IN:

*The world of Pastry*
Post 1 Award 3: 

If you receive 4 Award from the Group members:  Post your Photo Here
If you receive5+ Award from the Group members:  Post your Photo Here

Muy hermosa!!!!Excellent Cake!!  Love the beautiful clean lines!!!!! SEEN IN:

*The world of Pastry*
Post 1 Award 3: 

If you receive5+ Award from the Group members:  Post your Photo HereBeautiful cake.......Yana you are such a sweetie!
Happy Anniversary Nati &amp; Boone!geweldig 
zeker in mooi Drenthe!Wat een prachtige beesten zijn het toch!!Mooie opname!!Zeer vet! Ook mooi met die mist erbij.Mooie opname.Prachtige plaat !Prachtig!! Ze zijn zo mooi!!Die houden wel van dit weer. Altijd weer grappig dat haar voor hun ogen.Schitterende  foto !!


You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!!

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Wat een schatje. 


You are invited to add your wonderful
picture to &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;! 
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Please tag your photo: COTHMooi....ze passen uitstekend in het lichtbruin gekleurde landschap!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~New Envy of Flickr!~ Invited Only - 1 post - 2 comment, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!Ze gaan op in de natuur!


Mooi shot..zou misschien iets anders framen..meer uit het middenPrachtige opname!!! Het blijven boeiende beesten.Prachtige imponerende beesten en natuurlijk een prima foto!!Wat een mooie beestjes, ik dacht al dat je in Amerika was geweest !This is an award  NOT AN INVITE
Here is an Award for your great pic!
DAMN! I Wish I'd Taken It!!!

 Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Award
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2**************************************************************************************************************

Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Congratulations! Your great photo is a 
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!Lovely shot...so beautiful!!!!


Congratulations! Your great photo is a
favorite in &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;!
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!mooie vangst, prachtige dieren!!Excellent capture, very impressiveMooi mistig !
Die kunnen wel tegen de kou :-))Lekker ruig. Prachtige opname!!Wat lief! Mooie opname! Ik vind ze prachtig!Magnifieke beesten en even magnifiek gefotografeerd. Super!Beautiful !ever so charming!hah ... great catch!Fantastic image!Outstanding!! Love the combination she is sporting - cigarette, nail polish, and a huge cross of salvation....perfect!is that a real nun ? she obviously enjoys 'wordly' pleasures too. that's a great shot with a very good conversion.superb street portraitAwwww, bless.bet she's got a sipper of Jack in the pocket too.
nuns rockStill like it. Maybe more so with the cordoned-off bit. 
saveHow dare you insult Whoopi Goldberg.

deletelot of empty space and despite the juxtaposition it just does not have any &quot;feel&quot; if that makes sense. Might be the boring angle? 

deleteagree with Ryan Holloway Photography.
deletehah, of course this is great. one demerit for the roll-your-eyes title.

-Voted 'save2' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrHell yeah!  That's my kinda shot.

savehate the angle. Something about the photo just screams cheesy

deleteLove it

-Voted 'save4' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrFantastic!  Oh my god it makes me want a fag!How can you delete a smoking nun?

saveI think she's pregnant too.

Saveyou don't see this everyday,

savelol sure it wasn't halloween? =Premember this from another time, another place

save8I take it by the bag that this is a british nun. Very cool, unusual shot. 

-Voted 'save9' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrI agree with the suggestion of a tighter crop, but I still like it. *save*Congratulations.

Your photo has been deemed worthy of saving by The DeleteMe Uncensored Group. and is given entry to The Lightbox

If you are not yet a member, please feel free to join The Lightbox and submit this photo there.Brilliant title.
I wish I looked this beautiful without makeup!
I love the lines of the blinds. (:thanks! I'm sure you look beautiful without makeup. It took me a long time to feel comfortable not wearing anyi love how you look without makeup.

you are so darn pretty!

and as i said before, i love the lighting. :)your look really pretty without makeup. :)
i also like the concept of the shades.
they are shades right?thank you so much :) :)^ thanks! yeah they are shades, they create such pretty lines are over my room and I have been staring at them forever so I finally took picturesi thought so :) :) :)these are so beautiful!the light just beautiful and the shadows.
You look so freaking beautiful without makeup :DThe light is beautifulyou are so hackin' gorgeous. :) the shadows are amaahhhhhhzing!Love what you did with the shades.  The simple lines truly brings out the details across you and subjects face.  

Beautiful portraits.Wow, I think you look more beautiful without..Cool light...you're beautiful, and yay for the cute boy :)I love the shadows. You're beautiful girl.You are really gorgeous, even without makeup. I love the shadows from the shades on your facespretty natural face! the light is pure genius! Great portraits and the shadows are so soft and fuzzy. i love it to pieces!wow you have a natural beautiful face.. most girl would kill for your skin.. great jobKirsten you are so exotic looking. Such a natural beauty, really. 

I'd love to do a shoot with you. Its supposed to snow here tonight. Blizzard time. Hope you enjoy the snow.aw thanks so much! I hope it doesn't snow too much, I have to walk to school ;)  I need models for shoots coming up! you should do it!gorgeous..wow! you have a beautiful face! =)omg wonderful

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)You are very beautiful. I love all their productions. His vision is incredible.I love this, you look so beautiful!wonderfulGreat photo and I see a Alberto Vargus pinup on back wall.What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.gorgeous!you nailed it!!

my kiddos do that too....what a gorgeous blue! deep like the pacific...Very pretty. My daughter tears all the paper off of every crayon. And I have been having such a hard time figuring out the exact shades. All the pics are different and the internet colours are all different. I actually went out and bought a new box of crayola's today. Helena get's a new crayon each week! :)Lovely! Yarn shops are dangerous places, all the possibilities excite me and before I know it, I've bought half a dozen skeins of a color I fell in love with.  Only to find that my skin doesn't like wool!  AAAARH!Oh, this is the perfect blue yarn.
Gorgeous capture.

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;sixty-four colors&quot;. (?)Wow! Perfection.Beautiful!that is beautiful!
yay for colorsoh, so pretty!love!You make me want to knit right now!!  Shibui is so yummy.  They make a green that I want to swim in !wonderful blue! my fave colour! great comp. and simplicity!such a beautiful color!niceSo lovely!original shot and work, seen on explore :-)Very pretty! I hope we get to see the finished product.That is some gorgeous yarn!Love it! What color did you go with? :)this is great!!!!!!:)  hbm!!:)Great shot! As always, I love your tones! And yes, what color are you painting?
HBM!Well on the photo i'm done :-) the actual color (without the post processing here) is almost white, very bright!I love this picture ... Very cute the process ..

HBM!I love painting! It truly changes a room...

HBM!wonderful!  love the softness and tones.Woot, woot! Hbm, Catherine. :-)oh what fun!  lol  HBM!HBM!! Good luck with the painting!Great pic!
HBM!Great shot! I love that you wear short in the winterGreat idea ;)
HBM!!!Cool bench! I love colored walls but when I have to choose I always stick to white!very cute..working hard I see ;))
HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)hbm, a lovely shotpainting walls! great idea for a shot!! love it! i love the light and tones!! ;)))oh this is just awesome... love it!Love the perspective!  HBM!your so clever! i love your style of processing :)Tu peintures toi aussi ;)
C'est superbe!  J'en ai fait une dans l'escabeau comme ça, mais je n'ai pas eu le temps de l'éditer encore...LOVE THIS! Have fun painting :)
so cute.  yaay for being DONE!  hbm to you.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great picture. :) HBM!SP beautiful catherine!! i love the tones!! hbm!! :)HBM! Good luck with all the painting!This reminds me ... i need to plaint my kitchen. 

That stool looks a little precarious! hbm!Awesome - love the processing!Love the colors, and the two in the comments are great too.
HBM!Awesome!I hate painting..but you make painting look so beautiful.  Killer tones in here.   HBM!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great theme and tones! hbm!I can smell the fumes from here!
paint on, bench sista!Très beau:) J'ai fait mon premier bench monday aujourd'hui!!! Je crois que ce ne sera pas le dernier!yay..newly painted walls are so much fun!  Love the tones..as usual.  hbm!Amazing composition and tones!Love the PP, comp, tones - just love the whole thing really!wow i really love this, great job!
also love the photos in comments as well :DVery creative, amazes me how you set this up and get in shot... I'd be lying covered in paint having fallen off the stool. :-) Lovely processing, the two shots in the comments are fab too. Great style.you look very precarious perched on that tiny stool :)
great shot, i love the tones~Je suis admirative devant la &quot;cascade&quot;!  Pas d'accident durant la prise?  Des &quot;bloopers&quot; peut-être? Chose certaine, c'est une magnifique photo (comme toute la série sur le thème!)soft colours, nice palette, catchy frameVery nice. Love the PP also!your processing is always soooo great.  i love how you make a chore like painting seem so serene!  lolawesome tones!We've done plenty of this... :)
Love it!Love it too! :)  YOu have the bestest tones... :)Great pic!  =)  Love it!!!  HBM!!!super amazing!Just gorgeous ...cool! a great vision :D and the focus is awwwwesome!HBM, even though it is late now ;)
Great shot!great photough...I hate painting.  Just moved and painted EVERY room in the house.  Love this photo though...so cute and creative.This is really cute.J'aimes beaucoup les tons :)Cute!  Congrats on Explore.wonderful shot!! love it!J'aime bien ton procédé et les tons... tu as un très beau photostream!!:)Only you could make painting look SO incredibly gorgeous!!Hij zal toch wat harder moeten lopen als hij wil voorkomen dat ie op je foto terecht komt. Hij staat er trouwens heel sportief op dus waarom weglopen? :-)
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )wat een topper Frank!!!Sooo Frank, dat is een hele mooie!!! Geweldig!!Mooi moment en titel...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)prachitg zwart-wit weer en dat geldt hier ook voor het weer.woooow, Frank, you're the master of snow capture, an explore one :-)cool!Hij lijkt wel stijf van de kou...........maar goed dat hij dit plaatje uitrent.........lekker naar de warmte van thuis!Een mooie plaat en een schitterende omgeving. Petje af voor je Frank !

Gezien in De Dokagreat compositionprachtige bewerking en heel erg surrealistisch tegelijk. Een van je betere Frank. 

Gezien in !!Nederland Vandaag!!Prachtige grafische achtergrond. 
Erg geslaagd.Heeeel mooi ! Recht in de FvdL Top 3 !!Heel bijzonder...MOOI! bij het zien van de thumbnail  dacht ik eerst effies dat hij aan het schaatsen was!  en favo!prachtig hoor, net terug van het lopenMooie beweging door de hardloper. Waanzinnig uitzicht.

--
Seen in the group&quot;*Nederland belicht* &quot; (?)Een geweldige plaat Frank............. super in B&amp;W!!!Onwijs beeld..............heerlijk de beweging van de loper.
Heel erg fraai in zwart/wit, en buitenaards mooi in all size!!!

Mijn complimenten Frank, dit is echt een wereldprent jongen.

Janwillemprachtig!

 
Gezien in !!Nederland Vandaag!!Zie ik nu 3 of 4 knotwilgen? :-))Beautiful capture of power of nature!
... including that of the runner!
Very beautiful landscape!Gaaf..... mooie compositie zo met de drie knotwilgen en de hardloper.Wat een geweldige plaat!
Werelds....
Terechte Explorer frontpage!Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Prachtig moment , Frank !
Hij zweeft ! In Large gezien dat zijn linkervoet zelfs de grond niet raakt . 
Wat een mooi zacht glooiend landschap , scherp tot aan de einder .Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=9417805...coolStunning shot. Beautiful light and atmosphere. Explore is well deserved !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ze worden steeds beter en zoals jij het gebied kent, je moment kiest en weet hoe en wat je wil laten zien..........................te gek dus.

Niet stoppen, doorgaan net als de loper...........

To be seen on Explore....................

Alvast gefeliciteerd.

TopperFP ! Gefeliciteerd !!!
En 10 op 'n rij !Staat deze al in Explore.........................shit man!!!!! das fastGreat image well done.Ik hou je niet meer bij hoor. Wat een fantastische plaat !  Terecht FP !mooie bewerking!
prachtige foto

Seen in !! Nederland Vandaag !! (?)Prachtige plaat  ! Heel mooie compositie !Een heel apart sfeerbeeld.Heel terecht!!! TOPFoto!&lt;33Stunning capture with many interestings things to see .
Cool and perfect  photo.  Congrats Frank !

Re: Thanks and good evening .Met een snelle sluitertijd is 'ie nog wel te vangen. ;-) Gefeliciteerd met explore!thank you very much, I too really like your photos
I'm from mexicoPrachtig Frank. Mooie compositie met veel diepte en die loper is super hier. Ik zag je net trouwens in Brazilië.Feli on Frontpage Frank !!!gefeliciteerd...gave plaat...mooi contrastSta je nou alweer op die Frontpage????????? 
Het is ook wel een hele mooie plaat!!!ze gaan al voor je op de loop... nou ja, als dat zulke fantastische foto's oplevert maakt het niet uit...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Repitition, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Fotografías en blanco y negro(post 1/award 2) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!unusual photo.but wonderful...l love the trees...well doneWonderful black and white image my friend!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)really nice idea, I like your title!
Congrats on FPWooohooo! Gefeliciteerd :) Een hele sterke zwart wit plaat, mooi hoor.FP-HG!Yes!!!!!!!!Gefeliciteerd Frank.Geweldig wat een excellente foto, gefeliciteerd met je explorerProficiat met je frontpage man!Fantastic shot! Congratulations on a Front Page winner.We're gonna start calling you &quot;Mr. Explore&quot;!Mooie plaat, er valt een hoop te zien in de verte. Gefeliciteerd met 10 foto's achterelkaar op explore!Heel erg mooi!...terecht een frontpage foto!...top!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.fraaie opname weer frank!!
proficiat met je frontpage!!Wat moet ik hier nog aan toevoegen...
ik hou van de manier waarop je kijkt !!Van harte gefeliciteerd! :-))dat landschap daarachter... schitterendJe maakt natuurlijk wel veel meer mooie foto's maar deze is zo'n geval van bingo. Superfoto, nu al een beroemde foto.Wow, wat een prachtige diepte in deze foto Frank! En gefeliciteerd met je frontpage, je zit in de lift!;-)Je weet wat ze zeggen he? eenmaal erin kom je er nooit meer uit :-))
(geldt andersom trouwens ook zo)......gongrats Frank....well done !Geweldig hoe je je hier uit redt Frank. Klasse! Foto en titel.# 178 als hoogste positie, valt me dan eigenlijk toch een beetje tegen................maar zowel in explore als frontpage.............blijft natuurlijk krankzinnig goed!!!

En inderdaad, ik ben niet snel tevreden, Aaaaaaaaa, die arme mensen waar ik vroeger werkte!!!!

JanwillemBeautiful capture !Ja ja.............alsof ze het gehoord hebben...........# 101!!!Schitterend mooi werk, Frank !!Fantastisch!Gaaf...jij weet ze te bewerken..

re...foto geen truus foto...wist ik van te voren..maar ik dacht samen met de fotoclub ist gezellig..maar niet mijn ding..maar nu weet ik het ook zeker..veel fotografen zijn helemaal lerisch over dit park!!Felicitaties!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Oeps, deze had ik bijna gemist !!! 
Echt wel heel sterk ! Een surrealistisch beeld met een  movie-gehalte...Voor je geestesoog zie je écht de man uit beeld lopen ! Heel knap ook in ZW, maakt het nog vluchtiger, ijler en onaards!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Frío, hielo y nieve, and we'd love to have this added to the group!mooie plaatGefeliciteerd en een goede keus van de jury  het is een prachtige foto.Deze is ook erg mooi! Er is veel te zien op deze foto en ik denk dat zwartwit een goede keuze is :-)Haha, cool! Perfect b+w.Geweldig!Bonita foto
Nice photo.

Esta foto fue vista en:
This picture was seen at:


Frío, hielo y nieveHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!oooh so beautiful! i love the way the snow looks in the sunlight.The light is so gorgeous!  I love how it reflects off of all the bumps of snow :-)The light and flare are simply amazing. And the falling snow .. dreamy like :)Oohh, can I be added as a friend also!  I'd love to see all of your photos!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is WOWWWThis is gorgeous!

Can you add me, please? :Dthe sun is so pretty!oh, and i would definitely like to be added as a friend! i think your stuff is fantastic, and i'd love to see more of it. :)This is cool, like the snow dust falling.  Fantastic shot.This is beautiful. The lighting is spot on :-)
And please add me as a friend - I love looking through your photostream. Your work is fantastic!That's snow??? It looks like sand! Haha, I love the light. beautiful.this is beautiful &lt;3[http://www.flickr.com/photos/shelbaby/] it is snow yus, its just all weird and powdery hahalove the tones of this! lovely viewwwI love your snow pictures so much, you get the best light in your photos!Beautiful light &lt;3Golden waterfall of light!This is lovely!Wonderful composition and contre-jour!add me please :]:) this is so gorgeous.this is beautiful
i love these colors all so much
so striking!!!AWESOME!! &lt;3I love this [:i love this. 
and i'd love to be added too :)Oh my goodness, the shower of snow flying up and catching the sunlight is gorgeous. I would love to be added. :)i would love to be added, i adore your photos &lt;3Cool lighting!i looked left

i looked right

but i realised the view(photo) in the middle was the best! lovely pic girlie!and oh yeah, you can please add me back if you didn't mind.this is so pretty, i love the colours.this is sooo beautifuulll.

ooh good luck with project 52! :DI love the silhouette and the light! :)ohh amazing i like the light! good luck with that 52 weeks!
may you add me as a friend please?:)What a beautiful image, good work!!
.
Please add me as a friend to your list, thank you...oh yay i am so excited for you to start the project! this is stunningggg!This is fab! Please add me! I really enjoy your stream!amazingbeautiful light and the sky too! goodluck on the 52 weeks!
ah now that is awesome! :)really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!oh  my goodness the colors are beautiful. i really like how the light on your jacket is such a stark color contrast to the res of the cold tones.soooooooooo beautiful, love the colour here! i love it =]everything about this photo is perfect, im in heaven!!!this dof is so crazy, i cant even explain.
your stream is amazingThis photo is Amazing! Great Coloring. And Perfect Sunset, I Love how it shines onto the snow. Wonderful Silhouette As well.i love this is amazinggg, i love everything about it(:
and can you add me as a friend pleaseAwesome!! Your photos are so... beautiful!
Well Done. Please add me as a friendWonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Babe 'R' here ♥Uuugh ya haya :””) wallla a7bbbcccch ya bnnnt !
W shsma la tz3leen ana mb shayla 3leech shii :”
El.3mur kelh b8rbccch :”
Fdiiiiiiit’ch thanxx alooot ya rooo7 memo &lt;33
Tjjjnnn il.shoot like u :***
مـن يلاقـي صاحـب مـثـلـك صعب عنـه يتخلاا &lt;/3
A7bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbcccch a7bbbbbcchhh ♥♥____♥♥(L),Cute :P&lt;3 
Smiley just like me ;O (L)
&lt;3 u Haya ;*Alah ywfgch 7ayati ;**كل وهي بخير
وبالتوفيق انشالله =)Happy Birth Day To Her &lt;3btw 
h.b.d 2 her ;**

Ya Fdaaaaaaaaait Bnty &lt;333333
Alla ywfqsh inshalla (L)&lt;3Happy Birth Day To Her &lt;3 
♥.♥hhhhhhh aaaa5 ahm shay il english :P &lt;3 
saaahl trah , just grammers '-___- mla'3a mmm sahl! 
m3 2n i hate grammers 
oo vocab ;p &lt;3 lazm t7f'9een 
oo chy reading , saheeeeeel 
writing ; 3bry (A) 
, 
aaaaaaa5 hhhhhhhhh ana mtmlla &lt;3 :D 
chy alla ywf8ch Sapchoooo :PP.S ; HappyBirthDayTo Her (^^^^^)7baybi thanx alot , 
fdit dlolzy (L),

7lwaaaa ;o ♥weeeh 97 nseet ;O , il shot hay for her b.day :P &lt;3
Happy BirthDay ya Memo ;O &lt;3 (^) 
,
,
,
ooooooooo it's My Mother's b.day &lt;3
Happy BirthDay Amy a7bch ;**************
(A) :P &lt;3woow &lt;33 it :*(L)happy birth day 2 heer
miss ur shootz haya waitiing for the new ;p 
love you &lt;3niceHBD &lt;3
Mbrooook mugdman ;D
I miss u sweety ;**hhhhhh dlolzy , :@ ro7i namyy ;p 
thanx all 7baybi &lt;3-happyBday 2 her &amp; g'luck sweeta in your examnb'3ee nshofch al'sh'hadaHBD 2 Her (^) :*
LOOL allah ywfgich 7ayati =**
Miss&amp;Love u :**** Fav l3eoonch ;)fav 
comment meloooooool , Finalee tomoore&lt;3 &lt;3 
Gd Luck H&lt;3 adore You! :**
&amp; Happy birthDay(^)lesh ar8d ;'''' ma tbeeeny?happy birthday to her&lt;3
a7bich Haya:**7baybi amootkum ana &lt;33 , thanx alot
dlolzy embla :@ , 5la9 tmyyyyyyhhhhhhhhhhhh ok :P btm here 
b your page :P , bl3ooozch ;OHappy Birthday  to her ;Dloooool shdi 7ailch dbooh a7na today 5l9naaa ;Pp 
happy birthday to her 
loove u dbooh &amp; miss'ch ;-***H.B.DniceH.B.D  to herGooood luck Sapoooooooooch :P (h5)Alla ywaf8ch;*dlolzy ok 3saaal :P &lt;33
thanx fdit'kum :*Happy BirthDay 2 her
آكييدِ فيف ;)
بآلتوِفييق حبيبتيُ ~Happy birthday to Her (^),

Sapshool'ti ,. yalla Hant klha ella youm wa7d w t5l9on
bs tkfaain la t5oreenha haa :O:P!!
aa5 A7bbbch waaajd :#ز5 7iati memo Haaaaaaaapy bbbbirthdaaaaaaaaaaay :*****
=)

//
الله يوفقـج يالغاليـه
شـدي حيلج 

faav*

تـسلم يمناج وعسـاج ع القـوه
ننتـظر جديدج *~ 
May all Her wishe's come true &lt;:o) 

Smiiiiiley Face Cute ;** ,, 
Mamaaaaaa Maa ana miss Yew ='( 
N' Wuv yew &lt;3 
Fdeeeeeeet My Mother 
Sapshoooola , ktby Happy BirthDay Dlolzy's Mother (a) :P 
fooo8 (a)ee walla bnftaaaaak 
malaaal &gt;_&lt;

w shakli ana ba3ad b5ooorah ma3aach mn 8llllb
allaah yssstrr bss :S

BTW : Happy B.D to heeer =**هههههههههههه

مالومج

بالتوفيق حبوبهHappy BirthDay &lt;333
love u hayaGd luck ;)a7bich haya &lt;3
Happy B.Day 2 her (^)
w Good Luck sweety ♥HappyBirthDay to her(^)
-- 
A555 sho b7bk ana ;p :**
b7bk kteeer kteeeer ya 8meela ;p 
elpic 3jeeba kteer
Sure FAV ljl your eyez eljmeela ;*Sapshoola &lt;3 Dlolzy (a) 

ana keeeeeeeeefy -__- :Ptslmoon 7baybiii &lt;33 ,!sapshoola &lt;3 her dlolzy ;$ 
dlolzy &lt;3 her sapshoola ;p ~ kefiiiii (A) !cute


Rw3a yl 3'la 
Miss you a lot ee fdeeet amy (a) 
happy BirthDay 2 mamaaaty :P &lt;3 hhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
aaaaaaaa5 b6ny ;phhhhhhh 5blaaaa --- ;p 
fdit ma lil shorty miss u more 7yati :** 
thanx alot ;Dyour lil shorty :P?
hhhhhhhhhh ana 6wlch -___-''الله يوفقج بامتحاناتج وشدي حيلج لاتخسبقينها

وكل عام وراعية العيد ميلاد
بخيير
وعقبال مليووون سنهh.b.d
مساء الجوري
العمر كله لها
حلوه الصوره H,B,D to her ;) 
 7beeeeet al 9oorh wayyed 
 yshbahni &lt;&lt; shd5al ;PP Hhhhh 
 and allah ywaf8ch bkra ,. shdi 7eelch ;D 
 GooD Luck ,. Sure faaaaaaave ;) 
Miss ur flickr mn gllb :O
hhh ,, 3aaad la t5oreenha 3la a5r yuum ,, yalla gd luck ya 7lwa ;pDlaalooh bssch Mla'3h -__-&quot; Happy Birthday 2 Her (^) :P w Happy Birthday 2 Dlol Mother kaaak x'D Faave &lt;3333 ;* ;)hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh HNO 
aaa5 ana chy msht6aaaaah :P il yoooom 
keefy bml'3 w7shny flickr il bnt :|
hy 8alt ly sleeep here (A) 

a9ln i'll wait till 12:00 oo b76 comment oo i'll GO 

H.B.D 2 her ..
mbrooook m8dmn ..
good luck swety =)

eh .. 97 .. el.pic chi (Y)

   |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Happy birthday to her .. (^)
Anshalla all dreams to her come true :)

BTW il photo Tjnn .. Lol anshalla u will get gd mark sweeti :)
Shdii 7eelj 3ad ,, Klha yoom 
w sure fave w bs :P:*hehehehe mab8aa ella 5 d8ay8 a9ln (6)noo 4 min :P3 :Phhhhhhh :P , thanx alot (F) !1 min :|:P la la taw elnass shd3waaaa (A)!HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY MOTHER (L)_(L) il jmeeeela 
it's 12:00


9.feb.10 (L)_________(L) 
ya lbaaaaaaaaaaaahHappy Birthdaay 2 her (^^^^^^^) so cuteH B D to herthanx alot &lt;33333Raw3a ya thoog 2ntiiH.B.Daaaay (^)(^)sapshooola GO SLEEEEEEEEP @@nooo ;$ ! 
thanx 7baybiiiii :**H.B.D 2 her
[kkkk.. 4 you


H.B.Day 4 her .. //
Faaaav hun .. }


. aaaaaa5 fdaaaaat abdaaa3hoom bss &lt;33 :* 
shdy 7aaalch ya 7lwa w la t5ooooreeenha b25r amt7aaaan :P 
haapy birthday 2 her . 
3gbaaal al3ooomr klh inshallahHappy Birth Day 2 Her ,,`~كل عام وهي بخير
والله يوفقج يااارب
=)Beautiful :*)

H.B.Day To Her =)
lovely shoot ..
Oo Btofee8 2nshalla ..
=)


fav


H.B.D 2 her (^) 
el3mer klah enshallah ,, 
miss u mn 8lb :*****Happy BirthDay &lt;3
Tjnn al-shoootHappy BirthDay to her(^);**كل عااام وهي بخير ان شاءالله happpy birthdaay to all

3jeeeb il-foucs-
كل عام و هي بخير
rabe ywf8ch 7ayate 
&lt;3 uالسـلام عليـكم ورحمـة الله وبركـاته

كــل عام وهـي بألف خيــــر يارب
وجعل كل امنياتها تتحقق 
=D

وتسلم يمينج اختي
~ Happy Birth Day * 
Faveed OF course . Fnaanh siis 
Allah eof8ch Sapshoola . enshallah el Top ×Pp cuteeeeee &lt;33
&amp; H.B.D &lt;3faaavHappy BirthDay to her(^);**H B D~Happy Birthdaaay (^)
el3mr kelaah &lt;3
Lba hyaawi ;*
faav*seen in ExploreRabii YwafGiich
HappyBirthDay(^)'Niiiiiiice Walla 
H.B.D 
Keep It Up =)
Comment Me plzz + NoteNice ;*
well dun &amp; nice pic ^.*
&lt;33 that !
Fav~~

comment me plz + Fav &lt;333بالتـوفـييق

raw3a
amazinG piC
fav
so lovley ..,
&lt;3 al boka ya 36eech il 3afea :)
Happy Birthdaaay (^)Happy Birthday to her =DAmazing Sweety :*tjnn:*:*faved&lt;3
misssing yoou walla mn 8llb:&quot;)!
w alla yof8ch ya rou7i&lt;33 HBD 2 Herr (^)
Faaaveed ;*H.B.Dكل عام و هي بخير .. و بالتوفيق .. لاهنتيhappy birthday3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteooooh miss u MyH :&quot;&quot;&quot;)H.B.DH.B.D ~&lt;33 Smiley Fase’zZ ;Ppnice&lt;33 it

Allah ywf8ch


comment me

Nicecute :)nice

comment me pllzthaanx all 
miss my A =(h-b-d :)HappyBurthday to her o good luck for you :)Happy Birth Day ;Dنااااااااايس


=)happy B'daay (^)thanxxxxLovelyHaya :| :O
W7shteny :|  
:*************
btw amazing pic &lt;3
w a7bchFavHappy Birth Day (^)HaPpY BirthDaY to here ...


fav .~So nice sweety
fav
all the best for uhappy birthday 2 her 
o bal.tofeeee8 fdeeetch ;D
FAV ya 7elw ;Dنآآآآيس 

^.* 

يعطييج العــااافيــﮧ........♥#########♥
.....♥#############♥
...♥###############♥
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥
..♥##################♥...........♥#########♥
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥
.........♥################♥################♥
...........♥###############################♥
..............♥############################♥
................♥######## n!ce p!c ##########♥
..................♥####### Keep it up #######♥
....................♥###### Comment ######♥
......................♥####### me #######♥
........................♥##### plz !!. ####♥
...........................♥#### ^.^#####♥
.............................♥#### #####♥
...............................♥#######♥
.................................♥#####♥
...................................♥###♥
.....................................♥#♥
.......................................♥
......................................♥
.....................................♥
...................................♥
.................................♥
..............................♥
............................♥
.........................♥
......................♥
..................♥
.............♥
.........♥
......♥
....♥
......♥......................♥...♥
..........♥.............♥............♥
..............♥.....♥...................♥
...................♥.....................♥
................♥......♥..............♥
..............♥.............♥....♥
.............♥
...........♥
..........♥
.........♥
.........♥
..........♥
..............♥
...................♥
..........................♥
...............................♥
.................................♥
.................................♥
..............................♥
.........................♥
..................♥
...........♥
.... ♥



happy birthday &lt;\33♥♥ya lbbba
faavya lbbba
faavHi, I'm an admin for a group called q6r exp, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice Smile ;pAww;* 7loo&lt;3
Love the background :]happy birthday to her

Amazing ..
*_*
HBD to Herهابي بيرث دي تو هير
missss uuuuu 3soola
3aad brb 6weel mo 3l fa'9e lazm t8dmee okk :D
w7shteene .. was wait u to tnzleen pic every day &lt;33
yalla e7na b3d tomorrow a5r day :)
btwfeeee8
Oh sorry 
Happy birthday 
o 38baal el mlyoon :DHBD (^)H.b.di love you myH (L)(L)(L)(L) 
umwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa7 
well done sweeta 
akeed fav l3yoonch el jmeela ya jmeela enty ;* (K)!..
xoxoHappy Birthday to Her &lt;3happy birthday to her (^)
jmeela al9oraa :*
ana miss youh wayd :(7baybiii thanx alot &lt;33 !Happy birthday!HBD2bdaa3 ;'DD &amp; HBDOo bl,Tawfee8thanx alothappy birthday ( ^ ) 
loved the BG and the cute smily face ;) 
miss you &lt;/3~                 Nice     ~            
H.B.D 
    
بدالك الف وتعرفني!! Amazing

Row3a

Fave

Onley Note &amp; Fave

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mony-qtr/4339953053/]fave

nice , H.B.D to  her  good luck 
well doneH,B,D to heeeer ;* el 3mr kla enshaalla , 
el photo 7eeeeeeeeelwa amot fe al fnana ;$ 
walla el photo shy mo 6be3eee ,,,,,, 
love yooouh wayed hayaaaawi . Omwaaah ;;$fdiit a7la krooozaaaa
mwaaaaaaaaaaaaa7 miss u walla :** 
thanx alot &lt;33mwf8a sweetyHBDSo beautiful !!!  H.B.D 2 Her :)
May All Her Dreames Come True ^^
Lovely Capture Sis O Taslam Ur hand 
Betofeeg Both ^.^ H.B.D to heerso prettythaaaaanx :Dحيل رايقه
حبيتها

nice pic ,,
keep it up ,,
comment me ,,

niCe ~بالتوووفيق ان شاءاللهthaaaanxx :D &lt;33amaziiiingأاتوووقع اليووم خلصتوو .. صح ؟.
انا واايد متآااخره 
anyway G.L 
مووووفقه يااارب 
= DCUTEH.B.D  to her ,, 

and good luck in your EXAMS :P .raw3a hunHBD to HER inshalla :D
Lovely pic dear ~-


صبآح الفل والياسمين
..
صوره فعلا تدل على الفرح
وان شاء الله دوم يارب
وآيد حلوه الوآنها .. تجنن بصرآحه
..
والحمدالله انكم خلصتو وعقبال النجاح يارب
وسلمت يمينج آختي .. والسموحه على الاقصور

~|really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Fdeeeetk w7shteeeennny walllaaaaah &lt;'3 
3sssaaaak b5eeeer kthrma bglbk al6eeb nwaia a5eeeerr ♥♥♥
And Happpppyyyy biiiirrrtthhddaaaay to her (^) hope she had a great day :* well done ♥♥ Loved the bokeh btw :* a7bbbbb yah (L)nice pic comment me plzraw3a mashallah


oo H.B,D to her el3mr kla enshallah =)


fav


oo enshallah tjeeben 99.9 =$7lwaah **;
7beet'h =Dbitawfeeeg ;)HAPPY B DAYYYY ,, SO CUTE CAPTURE
&lt;3IT MISS YOUR PHOTOS



HappY BirthDaY &lt;333

 Cute ;P 
R w 3 a a A *




a b d 3 t e ؛

,. F a v ~



www.flickr.com/photos/35316679@N06/4342237745thaaaaaanx all &lt;33333Niice Picc =) 


Keeep it ;)


Comment Me Plz =$Nice shot ..
Happy birthday to her ..,, el3oumer keelah ya rab (^) H.B.DyaaY  yshbhch =Pnice &lt;3Happy Birthday 2 her ;*Niiiccccccccccccccccethanx alot :P♥♥Happy birthday H.B.D To Her &lt;3 (^)فنانه ..ᶫᵒᵛᵉ CUTE ``FAVED &lt;33Raby ywafich 7biibty ;*aww ya 7yaty ya haya mbrook eftketi mn il.examz ;)
&amp; H.B.D to memo and to the mamy ;) 
&lt;33 u :** 
keep goingkeep smile So Cutte

;D 
2nshallah naaj7een  ,~ 

niCe shot  
(F) 


Cuteeيآآيْ ششيWell done,,, H.B.D to heer al3mr kellahLovely ^^happy nice birthDay &lt;3 ;)Happy Birthday To Her :D
Wonderfull Shot ;)Raw3aaa il.pic &lt;3 itbeautiful one ;)Happy Birthday &lt;3Happy Brithdaywaied 7ilw elfocus :*:* Perfect &lt;3rw3a 
love it
woo0o0o0o0o0ow 
amazing
coool
i coment you so coment me (L) =)woow &lt;3
ya fanhum ;)(L)thanx alot 7baybi ♥enshalla naj7a :D 36eny 5br ha bshreny ;p 
love yew ;* Great ..H.B.D
kal 3am wante b5er 
38bal al 1000000 sanah
amazing alp!Cمشاءالله روووعه 
fav Yaay Cute :**Amazing ~!
&lt;3police love u more ♥♥
thanx all :DH B D to her
nice pic sapshola ..happy birthdaay ~Ni!cCcE Pi!cCc
^^.
(*,*)HBDniiiiiiiice shot &lt;3thaaanx ;Dhappy b.day (^)♥♥Tá muito fixe.Linda!!! Destas ainda não tenho...**Your Photo is Beautiful:**

Hi, This deserve an award.... Beautiful Capture =) Please tag this photo with Most Beautiful Picture MBPictures :) when you add it to the pool. ** &quot; **Most Beautiful Pictures** 
 **Most Beautiful Pictures**excellent.
as seen in 'birds, birds, birds'.Cor e luz excelentes. Muito boa esta foto, parabéns.Linda!Fantastica!Excelente!Linda. Para a semana vou procurá-laExcelente!Excelente foto.que linda ferreirinha. está um espectaculo!Muito fixe! Excelente foto!Maravilha.Excelente! Nunca vi nenhuma por aqui.Absolutely brilliant shot ! beautiful sharp focus !

WOW, thats an awesome picture. Seen
in



www.flickr.com/groups/thewowgallery/Lindissima.Nice Capture! Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Que bela pose! Definição sempre no ponto!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado The Neighborhood Ecologist e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Um espectáculo.Pose e foto magníficas!!!!Terrific photograph! Beautiful bird!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE award THREE / SWEEPER ON! e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

Excelente captura!! Bela pose!Beautiful shot. Congrats on Explore.Belas cores... bem linda!Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado ***A Place For Great Photographers***   (Invitation Only) e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Preciosa!!!
Hermosa luz.ImpresionanteMuito linda!!!Fantastic!
Awesome Capture!

Thank you for adding this wonderful image to The Neighborhood Ecologist.splendid capture.
Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.


Please tag this photo &quot;greatphotographers&quot;This is amazing!! I love your details!! Gorgeous watch!! Love the photo too!!! and..and...and... is that a fondant tea cup..it is soo pretty!!! DotThis is one gorgeous and fun looking cake!!
Amazing details!!Fantastic cake!!Oh that is so gorgeous! I love absolutely everything about it! Absolutely everything!Squeal!  Love it!This is just brilliant ! Absolutely love your work !!!!How awesome that you got to use your Alice!! Great cake:)Great sophistacated design!This is beyond Fabulous!!!!oh my gosh love this everything is perfectabsolutely amazing ;DLOVE this so much.................BEAUTIFUL work, and all the details are gorgeous!
I can't stop looking at it!Amazing,I love the little hearts falling down from the spoon.wow i love this its fantastic :o)love it!This cake is so fantastic! Such a wonderful interpretation of Alice in Wonderland! Just Beautiful!Clever...darling Alice and Rabbit!Ohhhhh...this is amazing!So very clever and out of this world!!  The details on the clock is unbelievable..ununsual alice cake but it really wowww! beautifull!  i love the love dropBeautiful! I love the cup, it is so elegant!truly amazing work of art!Amazing!!!! Love it, I can't stop looking at this cake either!Wow! Love it!Gorgeous!!!!Amazing - I love the spoon and heart dropsOMG... That´s absolutely fantastic!!!! All the details are amazing! Love it.OMG, this is absolutely amazing!Absolutely fantastic!!!!!!this is wonderful...love all the details! the hearts falling from the spoon are just excellent!! it's fabulous....such a great wedding cake idea xThis is breathtaking! Such an amazing design and work!alicia en el pais de las maravillas
Wowww, that colour is amazing! Great focus! (:absolutely stunning! the yellow is so vibrant!Welcome back, gorgeous. :)  I love the one you chose the best, but they're all fantastic.  Love the angle - it totally accentuates your long neck and collarbone.  So pretty and delicate.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/29813670@N07/]
awww thanks :) Its good to be back hopefully I keep doing this again. I've totally been sucking at keeping up with my life lol.well hello there. i LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE these. you always amaze me. xothis is perfect![http://www.flickr.com/photos/stephwarga/]
Aww thanks &lt;3 I've missed you!you do very well without any help.  mellow yellow as I remember it was about getting high off banana peels.  Never was possible but everyone wanted to believe Donovan.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ojoazure/]
HAHAHAHA. I was not getting high on banana peels lolomg, I love the main shot :) It's so gorgeous. And your eyes!! They're soooo pretty. I really love these :) Amazing shots.We were all about becoming the Enemy back then.  Middle of Vietnam and all we have done is repeat the process far too many times since then.i LOVE LOVE LOVE the first one in comments..  like i would actually make this the background for my computer its so awesome[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kymmieleanne/]
haha once someone said i was there ipod background I just giggled loli love the last one!Wow, these belong in a magazine or something, well done!
I think you made the right choice, my favorite is the first one. Your eyes are amazing!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)BeautfulThey did something just like this on America's Top Model!
haha i love it very beautiful!excellent beauty shot! WOW! Gorgeous. I love the one you posted![http://www.flickr.com/photos/jen_williams/]
aww thanks &lt;3I love that you're confident enough to act/look silly sometimes, but you're really quite beautiful.  You have cute ears ;-)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/prestonrittenhouse/]
aww thanks, haha ive heard nice nose but never cute ears. :p1st in commentsi love using my flickr friends shot as my desktop background mostly because i somewhat know a little about them and theres not just some random stranger stareing at me all day lol...

i love the holiday shots everyone does to.. i cant wait to see what everyone does for valentines day im sure it will be awesome..oh and might i ask what IS the yellow stuff on your face.. some kind of make up.. looks like a shit load of pollen lol.. quit stealing from the bees[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kymmieleanne/]
haha aww Im not stealing from bees. Its sugar mixed with yellow food dye and glued on with eyelash glue :Dthis is fabulous.So gorgeous! Love the yellow!HAHAHA ok makes sence..nah i am definitely right in saying that you are the cute one!i like the main one best. you look like a beautiful lemon sorbet!fantastic[http://www.flickr.com/photos/shananigans3oh3/]
haha aww my friend wendy said I looked like I rolled around in cupcakes.This makes me want to bake up some homemade cornmeal cakes.

Maybe in the morning.

for me, the main one is my fave. all of them look great toohahah i bet that would be an invigorating experience!Gorgeous!!Could this really be anymore gorgeous giiirl :DNice...1~

amazing picfabulous light and tones!So sweet, beautiful capture.!!!!!!!!!Very wellWoow nice shoot and colorbravoooooreally nice!!the focus is great!I love itee, tokhme kaftar,,, :)Awesome shot ! I like it :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ((( transcend dépassez supere 超越しなさい ))), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fun combination...lovely shot~ gorgeous light and tones ! :)beautiful dof and tonesgorgeous light and focus.چه خوب انتخاب كردي بك گراندشو !
تركيب رنگها فوق العاده عالينbeautiful light and tones!تخم مرغ محلی خیلی خوبه :دی
اره ترکیب بندی خوبی برای رنگ ها ایجاد کردیاین چه خوبه... یاد دوران طفولیت افتادم و کفترایی که می اومدن تو حیاطمون تخ می کردنمثل این شده که یک مرغ روی یک گربه تخم بذارهSuper nice! Love the lightlove itBravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Thank you so much guys for all your kind comments :)..love you all&lt;3بسیار زیباThis is total creativity. How gorgeous!!amazing!perfect focusing and tones!gorgeous
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )-



2
22
222
2222
22222
222222






Hooooooooooooooooooooooob (Aa) ~
Devo Here (H)








Ya Lba Almodel walla
Alla Y7f'9ch
Raw3a &lt;3
Keep Going



 iLove you ;)nice shoot 7beebty &lt;3

abdaa3ty 

f
a
v
!

هو راحتي هو غايتي هو ظنيني &lt;3
احبك لاخر نفس بحياتي &lt;3
الله لا يجيب الزعل بينك وبيني &lt;3
تلومني اذا ذبت بهواها &lt;3cuteCute -Cuteee
Allah y7f'6chRaw33a

Niice

&lt;33

comment me plezZ ~نااايس_

ناايس

كيب ات اب

كومنت مي بلييزRaw3a fdaiiitch ..

alla y7f'6ch ..

(Y)NiceWanaMn z7mT al2shwaaaaa8 a5aaaF aMoooT w MaTdrii ; ' )Oooh My sis Hni w ana aa5er mn y3lllllm :@ !!
lbeeeeeeeh yaa roo7 ur Broooo (kk)(kkk) !!
ayaa 3lech walla .. allah y7f‘6ch w y5leech ly 4 eva babe !!
Misssch waaid :( :( !!
آنــت الـرفيق اللي لآ خـسرته .. خـسسررت آآلــعمر كــله !!
Luvvvvvvvich sis
Keep it uup &amp; waiting ur new oboy (h)sweeeeeeeeeeeety !!
(k) luuuvich &lt;3

niCe piSs FdeetCh 

LOve Uu =)


Aya 3aleech Walla &lt;33
A7biiich 7adii (K)
Lbh almodel
3thaaaab w raaaby 

Faav l3yonch 
;**


&lt;33 7eelL 
Cute :P¶ نااااااااااااااايس ¶
●
●
=&gt;¶عـلـى قـلبـي واللهـ ¶&lt;=
●
●
¶رووووووووعه¶
●
●
¶ناااااااايس بكجـــر والله ¶
●
●
¶ مشــآء الله آبدآع في آبدآعـ ¶
●
●
¶ تسلم الاياادي والله ¶
●
●
¶ ودوم فـي العلاليـ ¶ya 3omRrry 

So Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute &lt;3

FaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaV

Lba Glbch ;**Cutie Mashalla ,Rbi y7f'6ch *´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` n!ce p!c 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`  
 
www.joriqtr.com,


7yat roOo7y ana 
amooot feeech 7oby
a7beeeeeech moT
klch 3lla b3'6ch malak
lbaaaaaaak onty bsS
a7zZ 3leeech 3thaab 
uoomwaaa7'zZ elk 
 

;$   &lt;33
Nice Pic

Comment Me...
.....................

ېه ڜهززززېېېن
ڜى ڜى ڜى ۈآآآآآآآآآآآڷڷه
آبڍآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآع X آبڍآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآع
عڷى قڷبې آآآآآآآآآآآآبڍعآآآآآآآآآآآآآآٺهمٍ
ۈآڷڷه مٍڍرې ڜقۈۈۈۈۈڷ ضآآآعٺ آڷڪڷمٍآآآآآآآآآآآٺ 
ۈحٺى آڷآآآآآآآآحرۈۈۈۈف
مٍن قڷب ٺحطېېېېېېېمٍ ۈٺقطېېېېېېېع ۈٺڍمٍېېېر
ڪڷمٍٺ نآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآېڛ ڜۈۈۈۈې
ڪڷمٍٺ رۈۈۈۈعه ڜۈۈۈۈۈۈۈې
ڪڷمٍٺ آبڍآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآع ڜۈۈۈې
ڪڷمٍٺ ٺحطېېېېمٍ ڜۈۈۈۈۈې
ېآآآآآآآآرۈۈۈحې
حببببببببېٺ آڷصۈۈۈۈره
ٺڛڷمٍڷې آڷآېآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآڍې
ېعطېېېېېېېېېېېڪمٍ أأأأأأأڷف أأأأأأڷف عآآآآآآآفېه
ڷآآآآآآٺحرمٍۈنآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآ مٍن آآآآآآآآبڍعآٺڪمٍ
ڪېېېېب آٺ آب
صۈۈب آڷقمٍر ۈآڷنجۈۈۈۈمٍ
ڪۈمٍنٺ مٍې
+
نۈۈۈۈۈٺ
+
ڷۈ حبېٺۈۈۈ
ېه ېه ېه 
ڜى ڜى ڜى
آبڍآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآع فۈۈۈق آبڍآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآع
يآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآسلام يآآآآآآآآآآآآآآسلام يآآآآآآآآآآآآآسلام
يآآآآآآآآآآآآآآروحي على آآآآآآآآآآآآبدعآآآآآآآآآآآآتهم
يآآآآآآآآآقلبي على ابدآآآآآآآآآآآآآآتهم
وآآآآآآلله شى شى
آآآآآآآآآلصوره مآآآآآآآلهآآآآآآآ حل
لآآآآآآآ مآآآآآآآآقدر على آآآآآآآآآآبدعآآآآآآآتهم
مٍڍرې ڜقۈۈڷ ضآعٺ آڷڪڷمٍآٺ

مآآآآآآآآلهـآآآآ حـل
فجرتي آآآآلفلكـر 
من قلب تحطيييييييييييييييييم
ڪڷمٍٺ آبڍآآآآآع ڜۈۈې
ڪڷمٍٺ ٺحطېمٍمٍ آڜۈۈۈې
بڪڷمٍٺ رۈۈعه ڜۈۈۈې
على حله وآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآلله
آآآآلله يسلمكم على آآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآلصوره 
وتسلمملي آآآآآآآآآآلآآآآآآآيادي 
ويعطيكم آآآآآآآآآآآآلعآآآآآآآآآآفيه
لآآآآآآآآآآ تحرمونآآآآ من آآآبدعآآآتكم
كييب آآآآآآآآآت آآآآآآآآآب
كومنننننت مي
+
نوووووووووووت
~{ ωǿǾǿǾǿω !♥!

~{ ηî¢ё ωàℓℓà !♥!

~{ àβđ3 × àβđ3 !♥!

~{ ṽ.ṽ.ṽ.ηî¢ё !♥!

~{ яǿǾǿ3a !♥!

~{ àḿzîηg !♥!

~{ đǿǿḿ àlàbđ3 !♥!

~{ ηî¢ё şhǿǿt !♥!

~{ 5ℓќḿ đǿǿḿ ₣ё àℓ3ℓàℓŷ !♥!

~{ ♥ ¢ømmêηţ Mê &amp;ηǿ0ǿţ !♥!

•........♥#########♥ 
.....♥#############♥ 
...♥###############♥ 
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥
..♥##################♥..........♥#########♥ 
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥
.........♥################♥################♥
...........♥###############################♥
..............♥############################♥
................♥#########################♥ 
..................♥######################♥ 
....................♥###################♥ 
......................♥#################♥ 
........................♥##############♥ 
...........................♥###########♥ 
.............................♥#########♥ 
...............................♥#######♥ 
.................................♥#####♥ 
...................................♥###♥ 
.....................................♥#♥ 
.......................................♥ 
.......................................♥ 
.....................................♥ 
...................................♥ 
.................................♥ 
..............................♥ 
............................♥ 
.........................♥ 
......................♥ 
..................♥ 
.............♥ 
.........♥ 
......♥ 
....♥ 
......♥......................♥...♥ 
..........♥.............♥............♥ 
..............♥.....♥...................♥ 
...................♥.....................♥ 
................♥......♥..............♥ 
..............♥.............♥....♥ 
.............♥ 
...........♥ 
..........♥ 
.........♥ 
.........♥ 
..........♥ 
..............♥ 
...................♥ 
..........................♥ 
...............................♥ 
.................................♥ 
.................................♥ 
..............................♥ 
.........................♥ 
..................♥ 
.............♥ 
.....♥ 
FAV
FAV
كومنت مي بليز'








Gooooooooooobsh 
Niiiiiiice
ksh5aa wallla
fdeeeeetch
&lt;333 ittt



KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK
KKKKK&lt;3331234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829


Thaanx all &lt;33
tslmooon ;**


-




 
mashallah 3leech 
allah y7fdch Oo y5leech l2hlch 




(6)


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/5700510/4335450666/]Nice shot.great angleeyelashes :]Este detalle es muy bonito, el foco es magnífico.
Saludos.
Luis.lovelybeautiful eyelashes.great capturevery nice =)This is nice, excellent closeWonderful detail.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called inner eYe (P1/C1) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

those eyelashes are gorgeous!un detalle lleno de sensibilidadHi, I'm an admin for a group called **Oneiromancy**, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I adore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fragments.of.Memory, and we'd love to have this added to the group!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Nice macro :Dthe contrast is so wonderful, makes it look so graceful...breathtaking!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called d a y_d r e a m e r s (admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

pure poem!aww this is lovelySo sweet Becca!
Keep cosie my friend, be careful when you free your car!!! :0}Such a sweet shot! I see an 'inspired by...' shot coming from this!

And I know how you feel (re::snow/car/etc.)This is so sweet.  I like the way their arms create a diagonal line through the frame, too.  Good luck with the car!so sweet becca!! best of wishes w/ the car, too! :)I'm in the same situation! (I live in MD)  Our streets have still yet to be plowed so I'm pretty sure I won't be driving anywhere soon, especially in a honda civic.  

Anyway, this picture is lovely, such a perfect moment!Cute :)this is lovely...surrounded by snow...i can only wish...Sweet shot!  Sorry about the snow!What a sweet photo ... hope you stay safe and get your car freed! Lovely image!Very sweet...

Here's to hoping the snow melts soon!!Fantastic Becca.  I love the focus on the hands.  Good luck with the car and snow.....it's pretty bad here.  I can only imagine what it's like out by you.  Stay safe and warm.  Hopefully the worst has passed.Really, very precious!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely shot!This is a beautiful moment.What a wonderful image. I love it.
Hope you get dug out soon!OMG!
love this :-)
perfect scene.. composition.. love it!Such a wonderful capture!such a sweet photoso so cuteThis is so beautiful...a perfect capture of a sweet moment.how cute!
it's snowing here! yay!yes~ the snow~ I certainly understand ;)

what a darling and precious image Becca~

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful focus:) love the title!Stay warm and I hope the snow stops soon!  Very sweet picture here!What a sweet shot! Stay warm!You are missed.  But you've got to do what you've got to do!!  This is  such a sweetness, Rebecca.  Stay warm!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely shot but ewww snow!Rebbeca, this is lovely.So cute and wonderful.delightful~!so sweet.... fantasticSo dear...beautiful and very sweet capture!ohh so woow..very lovely..take care,dear ..
and this photo is so beautiful!!    xxVery precious and beautiful!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!lovely momentLove the title and the sweet moment. Take care with all the snow you have had these past days. Hope you can get out and have power.What a snout~! Great shot.Excellent colours &amp; details! Light is awesome!

NaturesFinest
Please add this great photo to Nature’s Finest 
Tag your photo with &quot;NaturesFinest&quot;Great catch!  What new lens?Wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Been chasing one of these guys for a year. Good shot!
Seen in the fowlest group on Flickr!
Winged Water Wonders (Post 1 - Comment 1)
www.flickr.com/groups/wingedwaterwonders/cool. One of the toughest birds for me to get. I've yet to get a decent shot of one of these guys.Beautiful shot!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Florida Outdoors,New Contest  !!!&quot; ( ?² )Beautiful, I love it!  Great color.Waiting for fish!Lovely shot...looks like the Tamron is up to par.Beautiful, beautiful shot!

Seen in :
 
Florida Outdoors (Post One, Comment One)
And please be a Friend and Comment !http://www.glitter-works.orgI love these birds!!  Gorgeous light and razor-sharp focus.  Stunning shot!!!!
.hard to get good shots of these fellows  - nicePerfect.agreedOpino lo mismo.pero es que ese invierno es sobrenatural.... ( :

Me llama la atención las aguas que se forman en la parte de abajo.Winter is my favourite season!in love!me toolooks like the US has broken off from the rest of North America and is floating here! 

wonderful capture...no tengo palabras
que pasadajust plain incredible.amazing detail.nice shotusa?

really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!jo...pues yo no puedo dejar de ver un cacho de papel de pared levantado........y despues vi un macro de un papelito sobre un charco......aish! será porque yo me quedo con el verano, aunque para poder disfrutarlo hay que saber valorar primero el invierno y todas las cosas bonitas que tiene....
:)Waaah!

He doesn't look too happy.

I have some clone droids and an Indiana Jones lego figures  I should really get them out so that they can see the world again!You mean bully!waaah this is fantasticFab!What would Darth Vader say? lolLumpy don't you think he looks rather fetching? you know his spring look. i'm reinventing his wardrobe, not being a meanie ;-)-DV breathing- is there a matching bag? -DV breathing-awesome I love itTehehe, he doesn't look amused at all! lol. xGenius!  I am loving this!he's like a (slightly scary version) of a flower fairy illustration...He is never going to live this one down - lol!Fantastic, I actually snorted when laughing! xxxwahhh I love thisgreat lighting and colors...

If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)But he looks sooooo pretty.waaah!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)tee hee xfunny (not for him)

--
Seen in some comments. (?)hee hee!Tee hee. Love itOh Pwetty Stormy.  Ithink lavender really is his colour, no?Brilliant one. He's not happy.Poor stormywahhhhhh - hilarious!Oh dear, but how funny!wowwwwwww
impresionante........fabulosa.......que sombras y que ondulacion y al final esa casaexcellent capture !!!Genial composición, guias muy bien la vista a traves de las roderas hasta la casz. Estupenda composición.

Salu2Genial, las rodadas te hacen recorrer toda la foto hasta la casa, sobretodo el efecto de la luz rasante resaltan más el camino..

Saludos.Muy buena esa perspectiva y profundidad ,,la luz genial,,,,saludos,Superb capture!Genial esa &quot;s&quot; y texturas, saludosThis is excellent, like it a lot, the tire tracks make want to follow them. Have a good day and keep smiling.Like the curvy lines and depth of view.bonita profundidad...Beautiful shotPreciosaMuy conceptual!!, un saludoLovely capture ! fantastic view !Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SHOW THE BEST (Post 1 ,Award 3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Estas líneas que te llevan hasta el infinito, muy buena composición.Fantástica...que bien has escogido el &quot;motivo&quot; para usarlo como punto de fuga.
Saludos Manel.
;-)El encuadre es perfecto, le aporta todo a la fotoNice !! 

Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Y digo yo :  pues........ huellas  del &quot; camello &quot; ...........¡.no son !  pero .......le siento cerca. saludos 
&gt;Muy buena la composicion y la textura! Me gustan las sombrasStunning my friend! I love your POV, have a great week ahead,Excelente composición, me encanta la profundidad de campo que tieneFantástica !Pufffff vaya rodada, la composicion es impresionante, te lleva directo a la casa.Genial!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great perspective!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great shot...
nice texture.Impressive meandering tracks, great perspective!Great point of view, beautiful shot!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great Smighty big wheels!  love the pov!Buena compos.
Me gusta como me guian a traves de la toma las rodadas
SaludosBellissima e originale ... ottima prospettiva !Beautiful Outstanding Capture!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Genial, muy bonitaHow wonderful ,, beautiful capture .Great leading lines and composition!! :)Que composición tan chula, como serpentea. Me encanta la textura que le dan esas sombras!!Excelente!!! punto de vista!!!, con una edicion genial!!!.Saludpoderosa !
empuja.... !!me gusta esta preciosa composición bien aprovechada!!!Buena rodada...., jaja
Me gusta porque es la propia foto la que te guia la vista.
Un saludo.Pattern..nice one~un encuadre con una profundidad magnificabuenisima!!! las linias, el cielo, la composición y la profundidad, felicidadesWooow! Gran huella sobre la arena que te lleva la mirada
a la cas del fondo. Muy original y bien sacada foto amigo.
Saludos cordiales.guapa, guapa,.... llegaste en el momento oportuno...

oportuno efecto...

solo faltan las pisadas del camello jejejeje

saludosamazing lines! wonderful perspective and composition!Muy buenabien trabajada la composición para llevarte a la casa.

Muy sugerente, enhorabuena.que lindos dibujos en la arena!!

saludosBonito encuadre y perspectiva. Muy buena!!superb...superb...nice composition
what vehicle was that ??Great job with the composition. Those tracks really lead the eye through the shot.oh this is stunning capture you have very strong eyes man lovelyencontraste el camino!:) es genialTrès jolie prise de vue, la perspective est excellente.Fantastic capture, love those tracksBonita fotogenial manel, muy bueno el recorridowow, Very very Beautifulgreat compo my manEso es aprovechar los elementos para mejorar la línea de fuga... muy buena.Una profundidad magnífica.Bonitas curvas!Con esas rodadas derechito a la casa, muy bien vista.Saludos.El encuadre le da una profundidad excelente, las texturas de la tierra me gustan muxo, en definitva que me gusta bastante.

Un saludoexcelentes esas linesa curvas,muy buena saludosgenial encuadre, fantastica luz y nitidez :)Me encantan esas lineas, y unas texturas geniales.Excelente tu foto de hoy amigo !Great shotMuy bun trabajo,un saludo.bien bista esas rodadas queda muy bien. el formato le queda muy bienUna profundidad sensacional !Excelentes texturas. Grande imagem !!!wwwooowww

awsome

a piece of artexcellent shot! Superb perspective and compositionwow great shot and compositon!Como te llevan las señales en la arena hacia la casa !!!!!!!!!! Fantástica.Excelente captura, genial la sensación de profundidad, buena semana.Very cool image, Manel..!Excelente composicion !que relieve y nitidez! muy buen captado, sin pisadas ni nada! proboca unas sombras muy buenas!Nice shot of the tracks in the snow.great lines in a lovely compo!great curves and textures!Fantastic shot! :)Super composition, my friend.Parece la rueda de tanque jajaja. Guapas texturas!!!!!!!!

besos
kalaBeautiful shot!Que buen encuadre, el camino a la casa, como en un cuento, me gusta muchisimo ¡Woww!! excelente encuadre, con una composición y lineas perfectamente realizadas,los colores y las luces buenisimas,buen disparo!!

Saludos...Sinuosas lineas, muy buena!Real cool shotuna composición muy atractiva, me gustaBien vista!

My today's photo / Mi foto de hoy

&nbsp;Genial!,  &quot;derechito &quot; a la casa&quot;.
He visto tu foto y me ha gustado mucho,
El que hizo las marcas no sabia la contribucion que estaba haciendo a la fotografia.
Es un ejemplo de buena composicion, las curvas hacia el infinito son geniales.
Slds.very very nice hsot
Visto en Rincones de Cantabriagreat perspective.. deserves explore for sure!Impecable sentido de la profundidad y composición!genial la composición!Qué bien vista la foto.klasik!!beautiful capture :)Lovely. A mysterious feeling to this.syabas!!wijok ah... macam bukan kat mesia doh jie wehh..bahaya racun MF ni.suke sgt2beh!aduhhh tonenyerrrrrrfavegeng dia main mene lagu ni la plok...racung berat lg wehhhhSeen in Colors of the Soul

Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡that's brilliant mate. really nice greens!haha pandai je yang buat dialogue tu :))nice conceptterbaik pogy... add fav lalu.. !!classic... and timeless shotnice work!Seen in Colors of the Soul

Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡Looks beautiful., love that sharp green colour :)So romantic and peaceful. :)


Seen in Colors of the Soul
 
Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡wowBeautiful image..

Seen in Colors of the Soul
 
Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡tone nangis ni....huhutermenung apa tu... nice bro...kemah..Seen in Colors of the Soul
 
Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡i love this, for sure.I do now.....TYLovely, so precious, love the processing.beautiful and soft image
love it
&lt;3sweet, girlie...Super cute! I'm loving seeing all of the Valentine's Day photos. So fun!Not really, but this helps. : )how cute.....
so girlie....lol

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I'm so in love with this picture. Beautiful!actually i am... :)  adorable shot.  and cliche is ok with me.Really cute shotNicely done!Love the processing!Awwww, cute! :-)
--
Seen in 365: the 2010 edition (?)nicely done and the color treatment is awesome. Advance valentine's day!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!a lovely cliche.wonderful image

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of 2010: A Year in Pictures. (?)wonderfulokay, i will. ;)

new ring?really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Congrats on Explore!  =)bastante grandes tus lentes :$ pero se ven bonitos cuidate loquillaolle te ves muy bien en bikini e :D :D cuidate un beso :D :D te keiro k estes de lo mejorajajajajaja claro habia que hacer el detalle de lo que mas resaltaba :$ xd cuidate besossi te gustan el pinguino si kieres te paso los diseños ;Dmi morena mataste con esta foto jajaja deja de comer pollo eso si xD
te adoro preciosa un besote =Deres muy linda :DSalxdos mxjer :)
Sales regia estxpenda 
ke estes de lo mejor 
xn besito para ti (K)
Byeeeee ^.^jajaja ke modesta mi niña noo si no las teni grandes efecto visual solamente ajsakjsja zaaaaaaaaaaaaa onda en todas las fotos ocurre el mismo efecto y en las diferentes poses jasjakskjasjajsa
mi tetoncita ika sexi eso eres ajsajska (L) kero verte ¬¬guapita *-*muy presiosa *-*hermosa :O
besito s^^sales preciosa en la foto
besotes linda
muakss&quot;&quot;
aiozzzzque filete el color de la camara ^^ cuidate!oyeeee,,,, que ricos pechos,,,!!!! son Naturales??weon desubicado de arriba :|xke juntan las manos XDguapa (k)besitos regiaa :Khola niña como esta que sexy la fotomuy lindo fisico !que linda :Dliindaa:$ke lindaaa
salosss :)
ke sexisabiai ke te adoro :D?demasiado hermosa ute niñaaa :$
un besoootee grandee :Kmas rica porfa
un besote belen 
eres preciosalas meas tes te las mandaste &hearts;Guapa  (^_^)que linda eres que estes bien cuidate besos byeQue Hermosa eres *-*Besitos Linda ♥! Bonitas tus fotos :D! العزل روعه
حبيت البوكيه والادت
الله يحفظ المودل ان شآءلله
لآهنتي الشيخه ,,
  ماشاء اللهmashallaMashala ! TerrifiC !mashallai love portraits in random moments . so Original Mashallah ; amazing shot O.o ! woow bokeh ;)allah y7f'6 2lModelلقطه ممتازه بس التعليق عور قلبي

ألحين ببجي انا :&quot;(

لووول أتغشمر بس صج الصوره تونس بعفويتها والتعليق قوي

قواج الله حبوبه =)Mashallah &lt;3&lt;3
loved the bokeh ;)اللقطه عجيبه =&quot;)روووعه اللقطه
مشاء الله عليك

ابدعتي
= )(y)mashallah
الله يحفظه
حبيت الفوكس
والبوكيه اللي ورا
والإيدت ,, ماشاء الله ..Mashallah ♥♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 

N!Ce
Mshallah 


♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
♥ ♥ ♥ 
♥ ♥ 
♥N!Ce .. Mashalla

Amazing ..Great Shootماشاءالله محلو صديقي عزيزان :P
سلمي عليهFavloool
alwords fe mkanhm al9aa7 :pallah y7f'6aaaniceحلوه كثير الصوره ,,
تسلم ديااتك يارب ,
والله يحفظ عزيز :&gt;رووعه البوكيه
وربي يحفظ المودل
=)MashallahNice Takenmashallah &lt;3
the god bless hem :pHi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh.Factory, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


حــلو البوكيه اللي في الصورة
well taken !allah allah 3la elbokeh (Y)explored !explored =D

ماشاء الله عليهـ
ربي يحفظهـ ان شاء الله

تسلم يمناج يا الغاليهـ
ابدعتي بكل معنى الكلمهـ

تستاهل تكون 
FAv..

love the bokeh  B.G 
&lt;3faaavallah y7f'6ah inshalla
3jeeeba al.pic walla
7beet'ha 
keep going ., =Dreally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!NOORA :\ wayd yshbhCH mashallah .. 
favmshallaah :)grandioses Photo!excellent, perfect symetrie!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great angleSymetry takes one to the vanishing point.  Wonderful composition.Spectacular Bob!Very beautiful picture!gorgiousstunning interior. well done!It is a very good view ! Good job !wow, Very Very BeautifulWhat pretty light on that sweet face of his!Very beautiful!so sweet! and that light is amazing!awe  this makes me smile...  :) lovely shot... lovely light!gorgeous light .. milky kisses to you little man !what a sweet boy, I love that little face.beautiful light shining on him!Really nice portrait.Wonderful shot!cute. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )So sweet.Love this adorable smile!this is so beautiful and cute!What gorgeous light &amp; portraiture. An angelic smile &amp; fantastic processing :)cool! hbm.cute....we love super cat!!!!:) hbm!!:)Great Super Bowl Capture!  HBM!!cute shot.  hbm!so cute - adorable shot... happy bench monday  xyaay super cat!  i had that story in mind when mommom took C to build a bear after christmas.  he picked a frog in a football uniform.  :-)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)Haha, what a cute story. 
Love this shot, a football as a bench has to be a new one. :-)
HBM!Hehehe! I'm a mom of three, so I totally get it! Darling shot!

HBM!Oh my goodness!!!  This is so cute.  I really was thinking about something like this yesterday..but didn't ended up working out.  HBM, super cat!  :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)HBM, great super bowl shot....so cute.HBM.too funny and cute....HBM! : Dso cute!! i love it!! hbm!Adorable! hbm!Awesome....... HBM :)Super cute!!lol how cute!  hbm!The heart wants what the heart wants!

She/He is very cute.
HBM!  sort of Tuesday...haha..I like purple super cat!!  The same type of thing happened to me at build-a-bear too...they certainly have their own opinions, don't they :)
hbm!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Happy Bench MondayKids are all unique aren't they?  No two are alike but so much fun as they express their interests and likes.  Cute cat and cute photo idea!  My second oldest son is a Panther fan along with his youngest sister. I have two sons  and a daughter who  are Titan fans, a son and daughter who are Pats fans, one Cowboy fan, one who is an Eagle fan and me, well I have to confess patronage to them all and wear their fan attire to support their teams only when they are not playing each other.  I ride the fence then!  Love your photo!Hahahahaha! That is the greatest story, one for the books Mom! And to tell you the truth with all the football gear, I really didn't notice he was purple. Kudos to you and your son on such a great shot, HBM!awww this is cute !!This is just too purple &amp; precious for words!  Wonderful sweet HBM! :)Love the processing. HBMWonderful shot!greatSo cute! Love the original idea and the tones. Happy (belated) Bench Monday!I love that purple cat and the creativity behind this Super Bowl bench Monday!! Fabulous!good timing....Lovely car and lovely view!Nice !Awesome Capturelovely light &amp; shadow, love the sharp object such as cute car &amp; big 'W&quot;, fantastic.nice colors and framing Andy.really trendy shot.  cool perspective and composition.
wish you a great week ahead.You guys are getting all the good stuff.  Nice comp. on this.really cool shot...  brilliant mix of elements, so nicely composed...yeah!!!

i like it!

:-)you're framing is perfect - all the lines are in order.I should get one of these and toss it in my pee cup bed. Use it for a spare. 
That is a great idea Austin has.i just cant see driving that car.  id be terrified of getting into an accident with say .....a tinker toy and having the car totaled lol, nice shot thoughlove the light here too .... feels like an ad , for either the W or Smart car :))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Artistic Shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is excellent Andy
abstract and colorfulWhat a cute car and the beautiful lighting
nice shotA very cool ride!Ohh! Superb composition here!nice shot!!!With that &quot;W&quot;????  It rockssssssss!!!
Very nice composition.Nice light and composiiton! :)I love the simplicity of this shot, minimalist yet beautiful!Smart for two in US, their engine supposed to made in Japan. 
Did you know that??that´s cool
I live in Ulm where my company started that project

Fantastic light and capture!cuteExcellent composition  ;0))
I also love the sunlight and reflection on the wall  ;0))nice capture...cute car!! nice composition too.ooh that's a cute tiny car!That's so nice!fabulous light :)) beautiful composition!nice compositon and ang ganda ng mga lights. mapag laroBrilliant composition and capture!  Excellent work.Thank you
dicky_buzz
greenshoter       (Extra thanks for the fave)
GlobeTrotter 2000
&gt;&gt;&gt;&quot;Richy&quot;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;      (Extra thanks for the fave)
stardex      (Extra thanks for the fave)
p_a_t_h_f_i_n_d_e_r
kennymuz      (Extra thanks for the fave)
Sonora Guy
imdna...
rbpdesigner      (Extra thanks for the fave and gallery)
almost transparent blue
Birdman of El Paso      (Extra thanks for the fave)
tigereon
zhewen'         (Extra thanks for the fave)
netra.n
–tradewinds•&gt;    (Extra thanks for the fave)
gracious.tony
GioPhotos
Tulay Emekli (too busy teaching )    (Extra thanks for the fave)
D@nY©80
FoNgEtZ    (Extra thanks for the fave)
Latyrx
Aristotle Liu - Catching up!!
Marie * 
ps70 ..´´    (Extra thanks for the fave)
Melinda ^..^
shimashimakoneko
The-Night-Watch
mila0506
~MelissaT
A. Moussa
Ting Hay
supernewbie (saling pusa)
Jeff_B.    (Extra thanks for the fave)nice shadow capture!nice shot Andy!wow. very nice framing. Can be an advertisement for the car.Beautiful colors in this frame Andy :) lovely workLove that small Smart! The W sign looks so large!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)cool!  i think the W on the building is bigger than the smart carVery Smart!Great composition and spot in front of the W hotel. Nice sense of scale - the &quot;w&quot; is as big as the car! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )nice one sir! cute shot and cool framing!Perfect composition of a very interesting subject. The subtle shadows are just right!!!nice shot..nice carSimple but beautiful shot, love the clarity and the color tones. Well done.ha ha, a cute capture. the &quot;W&quot; could be even bigger that the car. nice.SMART... I like that car.....^^amazing composition!such a cool find and very nice framing...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Muy buena la luz y los colores,una foto muy limpia.
Un saludo.Wow a superb capture, the lighting is perfect.Wonderful street scene.  Congrats on Explore!wonderful capture...the car looks super cool!...and congrats on explore!Cool shot!Great framing, nice light!that's cool!
my city (Ulm) has been the first German city to test Daimler's car2go service!Stunning compositionLovely:))Beautiful street shot !!very niceThese are shots in which their vision involves you, as the sight, sweet and charming, well done, excellent, congratulationssmart&hearts;I like this clever image!Nice compo, love the Wvery nice, cool framing !really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!well seen. excellent framing.fantastic scene and well-framed shot too!coolShot is wonderful. I like that mini car and huge letter :-)Come on a Smart Car stay in a Smart hotel :DThis is pretty cool.  I like the idea sharing a smart car.cool shot, nice &amp; clear shot my friend..
take care n have a nice day =)congrats!awesome street shot!Nice composition and the colors go well too!  I sure hope the car service works out well.  They are cute vehicles. I'll think of the building when I see Austin City Limits :))excellent framing!great compo!! cute car :PThis is a great shotAndy, I almost capture a similar shot the other night -- way to go.

 

Thanks for posting this Artistic Shotooohhh cool smart car! havent seen those around in a while
Very nice small car.. car sharing? Great idea..
Anyway.. very nice capture my friend..Coool shot with the W in there..I have not decided if I like these cars or not..I know I don't want to be in an accident in one..:-)Great shot, and yay for car sharing!cool shotFdeeeeeet A5tii Al3zeezza Alee 5ltnii Al.1St 
B7bbbhha Kteeeeeeer Kteeeeeeeeeeer ♥♥
w A5eeeeeeeeern 5l9too Mab’3eetoo 
Aftkeeeto :P 38baaalna w 38baalkm Alnjaa7 Anshaalaa ( H5 ) 
W B59oO9 Njoud Aljmeela 7yatttttti Anaaa Mashalla Mashaaala 
Tjnnn 7beebttti Alaaaa E7f’9haaaaaa ( L ) 
Miss’km mn Al5aaa6rrr walla 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh A5  9llee w Ast’3frii :P  
3lshaan Trkzeeeen f Almt7aan w tdrseeen 3dll 
hhhhhhhhhhh Fdeeeeeeetch waalla ♥
Adore U My Sis ♥♥♥♥♥♥ILoveYou ma agdr arrrd b3d ma a3rf a3brrrrrrr:*

ولكم باك يالحلوه 
لكم وحشه يلا زورونا :D
فديت نوجي تهبل ماشاءالله عليها
الله يحفظهااا
نوجي 
I'm A BIG Fan :p Aya 3alich :).
cute ala y7f'9ha 
well done sweet heart *welcome back sweety
&lt;3 it
MashalhWellcome Back ~Haya : 7bibtiiiiiiiiiii entiiii :$welcome back sweety

cute ala y7f'9ha 
w 25eeran me 2 5l9t elemt7anat =&quot;)Fdeet elly nwro schoolna 2day xD(L)welcome back ! X)

Gorguse ! ' Shot ..

Keep it Uup

Comment Me Back,.Hhhhhh fd88 az3ajna walla aya 3leekm w 8sm balla will Miss you all !!
Fd8km walla a7een bll3b m3 mn wla klmma ? :Px'D 
w fd88 Nojy al8llb ally Nwrt school alyooooooooooooom *.* 
7yaatti hal-2nsana ♥ ____ ♥ !!
w Fd88 Noura al'3allya Btw7sheeeny ;'( !A5555 noura 7bebti bto7sheeny wala intee akthr w7da bto7shny=&quot;&quot;&quot;(
allah y9br my heart 3la fr8ach ya b3d chbdati =( &lt; هاي الفلم الهندي اليديد بطولتي طبعا  o b59o9 nojee ili thani mra tee schoolna o machofhaaaaa shisalfh y3neeee &gt;&lt; 
almhm gonna misskm all wala bnat classy iljmeel o beo7shni al 68 with shoshy o f6oom =P o mn bel3bni wala klma =P
mmm shno b3d nseet tra today knti 6al3h a7la mn almooon tf tf tf mshala mmm ay o bs a7bch o b3d a7bch =P Ya Rabii tjnn Nojee Ma ynlamoon Bnat alschool =pP 
Alla y7f'6hha (L)_________(L) 
Enshalla Tnj7eeen oOo tjebeen drjat 3alya =pPWelcome back ., 
mashalla 3leeeha ., allah y7f'6ha inshalla
amaizng shoot &lt;3WelCom Back 7ayaaaatiiii :*** 
Nawartii &lt;33 
wala i Lab you wajd ;$&lt;3ed it 
so Nice Wellcome Back 
wo fdetha masallah cute
fav



Welcome Back ;*

Ma B'3eeto 38ball Al Full Mark's 2nshalla (H5)
7beebtii Nojy 3bal,ch 7ii alla lazm lha Fans ( Y )
Miss you MN 8llb * 
W Ahm shaii 9li w Ast'3Frii ;p
Love youWelcome &lt;3welcome back dearWelcome Back Sweety :*welcome Back sweety ;**A7bha My Njoud :|
lba 8lbha jmelti ;$
Noura 8oli 78 Noji eni A7bha w a3sh8ha -0-
ya lba ur heart Noura ;)
A7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiCh ♥ ;* !wlcm bk sweeti :* &lt;39YOOt : 7bibtii will miss u 2 , ee walllaaa ma fi 7d y7li hal-Game ela bnat our class :P :( 
Ee 7bibtch hehehe 7ta hii walllaa tmot fi elmlgofa :* :P , btw7sheeni too ya ajmaaal 9eta fi el-world kelah

AME : ee walla bs ana mabi a5l9 abi ashof elwjeeh elsm7a ! :( my frieensdsss &lt;/3 elli a7bhm 
lool ee 3ad nojy nkta :P ... miss u tooo ya 7ilwa w love u &lt;3 

thanks girls i love u allWelcome Back ;)FaVwelcome back sweetywelcome Back =)Amazing shot (Y)
Welcome back ;**يآآآيُ ، آلفوِكس حلؤِوِ ;)
آبدِعتيُ وِآلله 
يعطيج آلعآفيية حبيبتيُ :* وِآلله يحفظهآ ~ωelcoмe βā¢қ =)

Amazing P!!c &lt;3wow
Bnshoof al.sh'hada ^^7ayaaaaatiiii walah 

mbrooook w38bal alntaig ^^

happy holiday fdeetoooch (KK)

fdeeet nojy 7bebtii alah y7f9’h (KK) Fdait Ms.Feda Mskeeeena :P A77la Teacher :P wallah M77d y5leha F7alha .. 
Ml3ozeenha Fi elBlock w Exam :P .. Fdait Bnat 9fi el3zyz w L3bt wla Klma :P yaaa waliid &lt; 36ooy :P
w Beesho el7lwwa  Trou7 w Trd Blslama :&quot;( Allah y7f'9ha inshallah (L).. 
zooji el3zez :| Allah ywf8ch 7bebbti w inshallah A7la elMark's w kla A (A) 
LOVE &amp; MISS YOUH ALL ;******wwaay fdaiit'haa:***wshwsh : 7bibtiii ya el'3aliaa entiii &lt;3 miss u
Bonito : Ee walla aya 3leeha mskeena :P ( jeebi wr2a ) :Ppppp eee 7sbii alla 3lla el3dw ..LOOOOOOOOOOOL alla ysndr 3dwch hai klma fi gamos jded we don’t know it :O ..Amen inshalla ..3eeeeeeeeeb ma ygolon hon :P bs l2nch Fransia bai3at’ha 3adi hehehe 
I love u  too ya elsndara (L) 

thankss ..welcome back sweety miss u &lt;33 
Welcome Back

   |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Welcome back ^^

..ما شاء الله عليها تهبل

..حبيت الفكرة أبدعتيwelcome back 7bebti (kk)*
Allah y7f'9 il.ktkoota enshalla (A)*
Miss u nwari &amp; &lt;333 u :**RT : miss u too 7bibtiii &lt;3واخيييييير مبرررررررروك مبرررررررروك مبرررررررروك اللف الف مبرروك 
عقبال مانففررح بالشهااده يادلبيييييييي احلى يييوم صصصصصصصججج صججججججج 
اسسسستاانسسسسست كتيييييير كتيييييييييررر فديييتهمممم والله وفدييييييتش :$
حبيت مدرسستتكم صصدق صصصدق :| ابي اتم عنددكم ههههههههه 
ترى مااعرف شقول خ4 

بس احبببببببببببببببببببببببببج ياحللوتي :#:#رببببببي عطاانيي فرحتتي عطاانيي شيخه غاليييييتتتتيييfdeet roo7ha njodo w sh.shoosh uuf alyoom 
yaw mdrstna b mashfthm :| :&quot; , bs yalla m3leeh
inshalla almara al 3 ;Ppp , ee walla ya noura 
wwwhhh mab‘3ana n5l9 al2mt7anat a6l333t 
mn ro7na walla , w gona miss you :&quot; , w yalla
an6r almfaj2ah :PPpp , &lt;33 u :*(L)NOURA : a555 3aaash mn shaaaaaafch ya 8lllllbi w rbbbbi mo m9d8a ani shftch  :| :| a7bbbbbbiich ya b3d HESSA  anti  &lt;333  :* :*    ya lba w lba your alcute heart ana j3lni ma an7rm mnch ya rb (h5) 

* إن شــفـتـك افـــرح بـشـوفك يا بعد عمــري 

* ٺـعـآهـدٍنـې ٺـضـڵ قـربـې ڵـ آخـر ېـۈمٍ بـأنـفـآسـې (L)(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )

Welcome Baaaaaaaaaaaaaac  :)

يحلو البنووووتهwelcome backMemita : inshalla next time :P ee walllaaaa w a5ern :| will miss u more ya eljmeelaaa i love u 
Feeh haim : ya glbbiiii 7bibttiii wallaaa &lt;3 a7bch moot ana :OAmazing shot (Y)
Welcome back ;**welcome back sweety ♥♥
wah juju tnwkl akll mashalllllllah ♥♥♥♥ 
yallla ejaza nby flickr ymtlly mn ur shots ;D ♥♥♥♥ Aljoharah : ya 7bibtii LOL inshalla walla mn 3eeni :D w inshalla u like it &lt;3 :* :*nice wallamashalla
rabe ya7f'9ha 
fav *welcome backwelcome back Sweeta :* welcome back 

واخيييرا فدييتج نزلي صور حق نووف فدييتهااا هههههههه
لا هاذي نجوود :Pلبى قلب الموديل .
الله يحفظها 
وبشرينا بالنتايج بعدين ;)
قواج الله .ZZzzzzzzzzzzzzhhhhhhhhhh 
&lt;33 Njoood
welcome backWelcome Back :) ! welcome back sweety ;)Welcome Back :D
Mashalla 3 il.model
Rbbii y7f'6ha :*WB 7ayati :* 
Fdaiit el.model (L)_(L) mashallah &lt;3 Fav!ولكموووووووووووووووووووووووو

^_^welcome..*

Mashalla.. welcome :*:*mercii :* :* Welcome ;*nice wallah
w a5eran 5l9tee elemt7anat
o ensha2llah etjeeben a3la el ntaeej
o 7ram lesh ma wdete nouf ?
o yala tofe8 =D


WeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelCome .. =D
w
fdeeeeet smyyyt a5ty walla ;)fdeetha 2l.Nowrat our School
allah ay7f'9haWelcome
Amazing Shot ,, xD
Cutee Mashalla
Labaa 8lbhaa anaa
Keep goingNoory : l2nha kant in her school :)
MAM : hehe 7bibtiii &lt;3 i
thanksssLove u (L)_(L)Hhhhhhhhhhh malna 7l :P
A7bich MyNOURA :$Welcooooome 
Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice Walla 
Faaaaaaav
Keep It Up =)
Comment Me plzz + Note

WelComeBack ;**


Welcome Baaaack Hunnii XOXO!!!!!!so cute masha'allah :)

(L)
Welcome Back 7beebti ;') 
allaa y7f'6 njood :**welcome Backyou forgot to color the wright  eye ;P 
wlcome back ;* ;*welcome back

&lt;33 itFdetha Fav L3yonha &lt;3 Herتستاهللوون الـ F ياكلااااب :P )   hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   welcome  ب7loh mnj ya nora bs sy sy5h ma 5letg fe 7alj bs a7ly sy yoom 5la9 7nank hla b's Hhhhhhhhhh marah ansy alyyom ;elh 
Nawrtii al flickr ya a7laa 3a9biia fii el dniawelcome back :*
mnawrah ♥يلااااا الله يووفققج وترفعييين راااسج امج وابووج ياارووحيa7biiiich Noura ;* Favee

&lt;333&quot;**welcome back ..  :)


,ولكمممممو =]wellcome back ~

wel7mdlla enkom twfgto ~xig vãi :x ... tâm trạng vãi :( TEM :xdung` suy nghi nhieu nua lak ah:)

cu ke cho moi chuyen di boi : chuyen gi den no cung se denLak k đc buồn :(
Cyenl :*kết lòi tim gan :|@hương bil: thx m . dnày thế nào r` khoẻ k ? 
@h.ly:  he he . i'm trying ...... 
@zu: ecycnl . enc l đấy ! .
@nhím nhật: hì :D .yêu nhau luôn đi :|:| .cái title hay nhưg k fù hợp :P:P 
chị yêu :) làm sao đấy?@gà: có a ạ . a k hiểu đc đâu . 
@ốc: chị chả biết ... .nhìn kết luôn ý =.= 
cái des ko vui ?a k hiểu và a cũg k m' hiểu :P
chỉ hy vọg và cầu mong e đừg làm gì dại dột thôi ^^@nhim nhat: :p uh k vui. ..
@gà: e cha biet nua , dau e dag loan het len. .. sog k dc chet k xog .có cần a tâm sự đêm khuya k :-&quot;:&quot;( chị đừng buồn .. nhé!@gà: k , e m' 1 minh. ..
@oc: uh , chi se co' .a b' ồy :-&quot;
haiz thế cũg tốt màh ^^c. ko biết e có chuyện gì cả nhưg cố gắng ko buồn, sắp Tết r` ;))@gà: vang &lt;3 .
@zu: e gét tet ma :pĐúng là lại có gì hot rồi :( Dù sao cũng đừng buồn chị nhé ^^ Cười lên lmn ơiiiiiiiiiii :* C xinh lắm đó:*co j hot thi c cug ks :pdạo này bt ... :)) khỏe cũng bt ;)) ... mày vẫn ổn chứ =))Thế là tốt rồi chị ạ. Du a nót ơ lôn &lt;3@huong bil: cung k on lam :p
@bee: hope that .Ko buồn ko buồn nghe lời nàohihi .Buồn nhanh rồi hết đi nhớ.
Sống là phải vui vẻ chứ em :D.vag . thx a :Dtemhụt tem :(ds đẹp
fav :x@ Suna: Giựt tem =)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))

@ Bibabe: xinh nhé*BCM:á,phản đôg hảx-(xynnhh nha ! add fav lye^n` nek` :XBCM &amp; Suna : fave đi ai fave trc là có tem =))
Bem : chậm :-&quot;
Bumbi : ừ :&quot;&gt; hihi@ Suna: ai bỉu xé r` k qăng đi, cầm chi cho ngừi ta giựt rág chịu =)))))))))))))))))))))[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32229293@N04/] :p @ Bibabe: Bin fav trc' r` nheeeeeeeeee =))) thắg lớnthg? cho con tem đó &gt;:)Bin tem nheeeeeeeee ;;)khóc khag :(note :*:( ds dt* :*BCM : ừ :&quot;&gt; tên Bin hả ;;) BCM nghĩa là j
Jyn : tại bùn =;
Shi : thấy r` :D
Bem : đẹp hì :&quot;&gt; fave chưa , fave  đi :&quot;&gt;fav luông :*Dt wó p` :X
HAPPY NEW YEAR :XXXXXXxxxxxxxxxxxx BCM có nghĩa là Bin Cú Mèo :))Shi : cám ơn nhìu hí hí &quot;
?
Syn : ừ :D
BCM : ==!! làm ngồi suy nghĩ nãy h` =))Tấm này chĩ ds khác đi thôu fãi hơm ?
Xinh qá :x
Tóc Bi là tóc j vậy ?ừ ds lại :p hehe . tóc bi tự cắt ==kaka! Trừu tượng từ cái tên =))))nghĩ nát óc T__Tr` fave r` :*fave đó :xkaka! Ấn tượng nhỉ?fav zồi =P~Bem : cảm ơn :&quot;&gt;
Hêu : :* 
BCM : nhìu lúc nghĩ ra cái khác =))tem cà rem chi mất hết chơn =((=((bà lo a K của bà qá =;=;có thể là Buồn Chết M*, pla pla, thế Bi si nghĩ ra cái nào ;;)fav vào họi po đi;)) k có chichị Bi kute qá chừng...:x
Add fav lun nà..
HPNY ngar chị...:)cười đi bà...thấy bùn khang :-j=((=(( đâu có =((=((
do họ xô đẩy quá
ng` tui nhỏ chen ko lại T__________Tds đẹp nèe fave gòi :xDthg* nè Bi
Mà Bi nhiu t~ ùiBCM : haha hok nghĩ ra cái j hết =))
Po : vào hôi. có dc quyền lợi j ko &gt;:)
Bem : :&quot;&gt;
Yuna : cam on :&quot;&gt;
Luyn : :-&quot; thiệt k đó
Út : cười k dc T___T
Tiêu : thanks :p
Ny : thanks :&quot;&gt;
Nababe : 15t :Dmặt xấu.=)) jỡn á.:Xadd fav của chị r` đó :&quot;&gt;Lu : xấu củn fave đi &gt;:) 


Tiêu : cám ơn hihi :&quot;&gt; nhưng mới 15t sao gọi = chị =((dt* fave này :xlâu r` mới thấy e iu :&quot;&gt;vâng e i* này dạo này mất tích , vs hay bị ngủ nướng nữa :Pe iu nhớ chị ko =))aaaaaaaaaa đẹp :&quot;&gt;mặt bùn :xTyk : fave đi e iu :x:x:X
Yu : ừ lúc đó bùn :-&lt; và bh`  củn bùn :((s b` ? &gt;&quot;&lt; t.cảm hả ?ừ bà :(( hichicéc :|
em mới học lớp 8 thôi mà :))BI : rồi chị iu :*Tiêu  :  sao nhìn lớn thế T__________T



TyK : chị iu iu em iu lắm =))Tóc ngộ zạ;;)éc :|
ai c~ nói cả .. 
người nó vậy í.. 
em mập lắm bởi vậy nhìn ng` nó lớnBMC:k hề xé nha:-w
zán lên mặt Bi r`:))
Bi:Sn đã fave trc' BMC:&quot;&gt;Zoobie : ừ hehe :&quot;&gt; nó như vậy đó :D
Tiêu : mập ứ bi ko mập nhưng bụng hơi bự T___T chán
Suna : bà S chơi gian :-&quot;BI : em iu cũng iu chị iu nhìu nhìu lắm :X =)):)) iu thếcutie~hehe.. :&quot;&gt;
thấy chị bi múp :-&quot;Bi : phải iu thôi =))Wa. Tự cắt mà nhìn hay ha.
Fav :-* xinh lạ[http://www.flickr.com/photos/metaldoll/] hihi :&quot;&gt;
Tiêu : bi ốm :(( 
TyK : ừ thì iu :-&quot;
Pu : hihi thanks :&quot;&gt;Bi : tóm lại là iu nhau mà mệt quá bàn mãi =))ừ haha &gt;:)thiệt mà :&quot;&gt;:&quot;&gt;:&quot;&gt;hì hì..:*
ốm mà bụng bựBi : :-*****hàiz! ~ Àh mà qên hỏi, s Bi buồng?há há,h` mứi b' hả;))ng đẹp :*pix dep...nhg pun` qa':((
cuoj len yk:Dsao bi buồn hoài vậy?nhớ mới cm chứ chị :&quot;&gt;luyn : bà mà nhỏ zì :-? tui thấy to [-x lí do khác đi
Yaua : hehe iêu e qá =))
Rosie : bùn e :(( mà chừ củn vui r` :p
Pé W. : :*:*
Suna : chừ mới bít á nge [-x
Bin : bùn chi đâu    tự kỉ 8-X
Tyk : &gt;:D&lt;
Tiêu : ừ ăn no là lăn ra ngủ T___T

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/30258145@N04/] ừ :phời...căn bệnh của giới chẻ! Ai cũg bị! Buồng ghê :-&lt;bùn vì ai ?hehe
giống em =))
ăn xong r` ko đi qa đi lại
vừa ăn xong lăn ra ngủ hèn gì ko mập =))tui nhỏ thiệt mà 8-&gt;8-&gt;
nhỏ như con thỏ 8-&gt;des nhìn lè loẹt qá pà =.=
pic tr'c xyh hơn :&gt;Bi xinkthịc là đã qá muộn màg:))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;BCM : ừ bùn vì chưa sắm đồ tết đó mừ =))
Suna : chưa mụn đâu &gt;:)
Thư : hihi :&quot;&gt;
Na : rứa mới đẹp ==
Luyn : ko dám nhỏ bà to như con voi &gt;:)
Tiêu : ừ to bụng thôi T____T
JynKi : đủ ng` hết :(fs choa bi này
thương bi lém :x


đt đẹp gê
cho tui đi =))cũg chưa trễ l' đâu, đi sắm đi =)))))))))))))))) 
hay đợi giao thừa đi shắm luông cũg hay đó =)))))))))))))))))))))))ds đẹp nhoeeeee =p~

năm mới phãi show ảnh rực rỡ hơn năm trc' nhe k :-xxxxxxxcấp 2 nghĩ tết chưaCandy BumBi : thanks bà :x đẹp :x
Luyn : của tui [-x quất đít chừ [-x
BCM : có $$ sắm dc bi sắm lâu r` =;
Xíu : ok ạ :-&gt;
Bem : nghĩ r` :p xihh :x
ds đệp =p~kiết T________T
bẻ cho tui nửa cái củm đc =))=))dthươg qá chỵ :)Py : hehe :D
Luyn : bẻ nữa răn dùng :|
Ny : hihi ^^dùng đc nơi á :&quot;&gt;:&quot;&gt;
dùn = niềm tin mà =)=))rứa để nguyên vẹn mih` dùng chug :))nghĩ tới m9 pãi k ?e cũng yêu chị vãi :))cái ni đc nè =))=))
pà mà dành tui méc má =))dậi hen? Để kì này Bin đốt cho Bi vài xấp nữa để Bi chi tiêu trog tháng tới =))))))))))))))))))))))))đ.t xấu qét :)) 
2 bà giành =))Bem : ừ :p hehe
Yaua : iêu đến chừng nào &gt;:)
Luyn : méc đi =;=;=;
BCM : đốt mà nó hok tới :(( hok chết nữa
Út : kệ chứ [-xpà ko dành là tui ko méc :&quot;&gt;:&quot;&gt;sống hen?Luyn : bà méc tui k cho nữa [-x
Bin : ừ &gt;:)tốt! \m/mún die thôi ==thôu pè! Nghĩ qẩn bậi bạ chi dậi! Qên đi!!!!!!=;=;tui có méc mô =((=((bi thix là ta zui lém á :&quot;&gt;h` mới rep lại 
hehe :pđág iu... :xpíc xyk :'X 
lờm qen nherrrrr ss :*o^i em iu cu?a ss , fav ngay nha'Schön, hat sich gelohnt das hervorzukramen!sehr schöne Bildkomposition!mit der Bearbeitung sieht es aus, als ob die Kornähren in einem Eisblock eingefroren wären, gelungenes Foto!Der Gedanke von sg war auch meiner. Ich dachte ebenfalls an eingefrohrene Halme. Die Bildpräsentation ist super. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)interesting shot...

cool!Nice !Schöne Komposition und exquisite Farbspiele. Bin eigentlich kein besonderer Freund von Texturen, aber die sommerlichen Ähren und die Eisstruktur bilden hier einen sehr reizvollen und leicht surrealen Kontrast.--
Stunning Photo, thanks for posting


--
Seen in the group&quot;Stunning Shots&quot; ( ?² )sieht echt super aus! klasse bearbeitetsieht fast so aus, als ob es eingefroren ist.Sehnsucht...schnief;-)amazing treatment here, love it!!!Really beautiful...great texture!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Textured Unleashed, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow great work congrats on explore!toll!hach, schön! soooooooommmmmmmmeeeeeeerder blick ins archiv hat sich gelohnt!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthDas Licht, die Farben, Schärfe&amp;Unschärfe :D
Ein wirklich schönes Bild ^^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is gorgeous!
especially the reflections of the light on the water! :Dholy crap!!!!!
this is beyond amazing.i love the ripples of the water!this is beyond awesome! there is so much that I love about this!Love this! It's so captivating, it drew my eye in the contacts box. The sparkly bokeh is the best! :)Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)nice one, great shot!oh wow that lighting is FABULOUS.this location is awesome, great series!this is wonderful!
I thought the black line in the pool was your arm at first!  ahahathe light!! incrediblePrettySnowing... yes... erm... Nice tail?Epic shot!and here it's high 30'sC and 98% humidity... so sick of this summer
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )you are too cute :-) xLove the tail, and the curtains :)DOUGHNUT Curtains!!!  mmMMMMmmm... *noms*Is that a tail I see before me...? And what lovely lace (is it lace?)!Glad to see the Rabbit again, and a great product to sponsor the vote! I love Dorset Cereals Muesli - my local (Washington DC, USA) store carries &quot;fruit, nut &amp; fiber&quot; and &quot;berries &amp; cherries&quot;

I guess I am going to have to give the grocery store a hard time - there look to be many more products.

(And they put them right out with the cereal, they don't even make me go over the the super expensive &quot;foreign food&quot; section, either...)decisamente la migliore coniglietta che abbia visto...super!!Sweet shot, made my morning. :)Gorgeous shot!
With the snow fall, you'll be a snow bunny! ;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Glad you like the snow...
I'm glad to see this photo for my daily smile!!!I always wanted to have a tail!love this!you're so lovely :) very cute :))Aw - lovely :-) No snow up here for once...You've just made soemthing of mine perk up like your ears :-)  

Sweet shot xxxOooh Sosij!!!
This is rather saucy / sweet indeed - love this! x

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Frightening, only because I think of Donnie Darko.Sweet! Are those Fruit Loops or donuts on your curtains? ;-)Haha, too cool!Love the softness. Cute tail!take care rabbit..there is a wolf outside!haha, love the tail :)Hey Cgc dont eat my curtains
@ Le Chanoine, they are but soft stretchy (non scratchy)
Arrrghhhh *nausika* Wolf!!!? Yoikes. *hides*Love YOUR tail, nice mood to the shot.You forgot to take the tail off?  Hahahaha!so creative shot... love it...

If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Great tail  :-) Splendidly inventive.Awesome image, excellent shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)What a lovely snowbunny.stunning....Simply adorable, S!  Sexy and cute at once :-)  Haha, the tail is perfect. Uh, um, you know, the, er, rabbit's tail...Wascally wabbit!
*puts the curtains back in place... wipes the drool from my lips...*  preciousss doughnutsssss... ~whimpers~

*heh*Awwww cute. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)The bunny ears look awesome!so lovely!  fantastic work! :Dlol about the tail. hello babbit!che bel coniglio bianco!!!oh... well.. you wear those too.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!that comment about the tail proper made me chuckle. bless you. tee hee. x@obo-bobolina, ha ha, its something I might read on someone elses shot and tell myself it never happened. But it really did, and I didnt tell anyone in the staff room, just secretly put the tail to the back of my pidgeon hole and went back to class.;-)
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )Wonderful tones, love the bokeh!!!bokeh wonderland!pretty pink tones!So lovely, glitter makes great bokeh!Great bokeh!oh this is so pretty! Lovely comp, pinks and bokeh!♥♥♥gorgeous! I love glitter and I love all the valentine pink here!Beautiful!lovely!I absolutely love this!love the sparkle!Mmmmmm.........nicesooo pretty!lovely!!!!Absolutely gorgeous!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Really beautiful!  Love the sparkle.  I need to look for sparkly remnants after crafting!  Great capture!Such a lovely bokeh!Great use of the leftovers - just beautiful!!!Lovely!!
Sweet!!Oooooooooh! I LOVE glitter. Everything about this is gorgeous!LOVE that bokeh! :)And you were smart (and creative) enough to take a picture of it!!


This beautiful photograph was seen in the 
No Flowers Challenge. Monthly contest - &quot;LOVE&quot;love it! so sweetI love the sparkly pink bokeh !fabulous! i need to go get some pink glitter!Oh so cute!

This beautiful photograph was seen in the 
No Flowers Challenge. Monthly contest - &quot;LOVE&quot;I LOVE making valentine's day cards!! Such lovely delicate glitter...

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…You always seem to make the ordinary so beautiful.  I love the colors and the depth of field.  Just simply wonderful!oh my word ........... this is stuning in every way!! wow!!! breathtaking!Charming! :-)
I greetYou make leftovers so delicious!  Or should I say bokehlicious!?  Love the DoF!  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very cool bokeh!such a sweet image!Oh I love that sparkly bokeh!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )How cute!! I think someone was having sosm e messy fun! :)  Great glitter-keh! 


This beautiful photograph was seen in the 
No Flowers Challenge. Monthly contest - &quot;LOVE&quot;That is so cool!  Pink glitter is an instant fave for me! :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)WOW! This is stunning!Pink glittery bokeh....what a perfect shot!! Simply fabulous!Best Valentine photo I've seen yet! Love the bokeh and color!pink glitz... love it :)gorgeousness - sparkles in pink are the bestGreat focus♥♥CRAZY BOKEH! It's puttin' me straight in the valentine mood :)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY so cute and pretty!Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group 


Post a photo Theme of February 2010 &quot; L O V E &quot;Gorgeous!ottima idea...bellissimo bokeh

Very good capture! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh-Dots Unleashed (New Rules), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow great work congrats on explore!gorgeoussooo pretty!Very beautiful!lovely sparkling heart art!! :))Pretty!!!!!!!!!!!This is a gorgeous Valentine's card itself. Fantastic bokeh...a sparkling beauty.gorgeous bokeh!!Just wanted to say congrats on Explore! So happy for you!oh...this is perfect!!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Omg! Color! Yay!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!just so gorgeous!!!gorgeoussweet light and glittery goodness.whoa !!! glimmer !!! 

the bokeh is amazing !!!This is gorgeous! Perfect dof and bokeh!Delightful!! Love the sparkle and DoF. So creative! Must be some great Valentine cards. And look what beauty you made of the mess!♥great focus...i love the colours♥

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)lovelyThis is sooooooooo lovely!klasse

und danke Dir für die anregung
ich habs erst gesehen, dass der balken da drauf ist, als es schon im netz war
archiv schuss
LoL

gefällt mir hier
in deinem langschattenwald


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )schöne Bildaufteilung. mag auch die schweren Kontraste die durch das s/w schön verstärkt werden!Love the scarey shadows , excellentWhat a FANTASTIC photo !!


Your fantastic black and white picture is my winner!
Please add this photo to
Black and White Photo AwardBeautiful!!! Love the shadows!!!very nice -- all the contrasts of lines and textures...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MONOCHROME AWARD - (p1~a2) Contest - theme: &quot;Piers&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Yes it got style dear friend!
Hugs!lovely shades!!Great light and shadows
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Excellent !congrats on Explore :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)beautiful scene &amp; shot

makes me wanna be thereAbsolument superbe ! Chapeau !Gorgeous,poetic place for love story,haha:)Beautiful love the water reflection
and colourbelle réflexion et jolies couleurs aux tons pastelsGorgeous light, tones and reflections - marvelous nature shot!!ottimo riflesso, brava!Merci à tous de vos chaleureux commentaires !
Thanks for your kind comments !
Grazie a tutti per i vostri commentiC'est vraiment très beau,
une belle invitation à la rêverie.comme tu l'as bien photographié! bravo!Très jolies couleurs et refletsmagnifique ces reflets,bravo!!!
tu pourrais  en faire un tableauC'est une Idée Mike, j'en ai déjà fait, mais la photo prends beaucoup de temps, et j'ai d'autres activités....Mais il faudrait que je m'y remette. Merci à tous et à toutes !
Bonne nuit !je voulait dire  L'agrandir elle en vaut la peineAh ! Je crois que mes photos ne sont pas d'assez bonne qualité pour être agrandies. Cela ne donne pas un bon piqué (je crois que c'est comme ça qu'on dit). Il faudrait que je change d'appareil photo. Peut-être au printemps !Celle-là est encore plus belle! Magnifique photo, c'est super beau!
Bonne (fin de) soirée !

Moi aussi j' votre photo!

... Et je l'ai vue sur Je suis venu(e) vous dire...
... Seen in Je suis venu(e) vous dire... group
EXPO : This train/ce train  * INTERVIEW: marc do La photo est superbe ! Tout... les couleurs, le dessin des arbres, l'ambiance...beautiful capture of the reflection!très beaux refletsMagnifique effet miroir et toujours ces superbes couleursQue de belles couleurs et jolis reflets.
Bravo!

Photo vue dans le groupe
Premiers pas


--
Seen in the group&quot;Premiers pas&quot; (?)Superbe !


Moi aussi j' votre photo!

... Et je l'ai vue sur Je suis venu(e) vous dire...
... Seen in Je suis venu(e) vous dire... group
EXPO : This train/ce train  * INTERVIEW: marc do Encore une composition de rêve. Une grande sérénité se dégage de cette superbe image. Mes complimentsBelle photo et reflet, bien joué Evelyne :)


Photo vue dans le groupe
Premiers pas
Photo vue et appréciée dans 
Nature…llement.

Sincèrement et amicalement. L'exposition est au limite, parce que les arbres ont un tronc clair. Beau reflet.Merci à tous. Merci Paulo  et Vitaline de votre  avis. J'ai essayé de corriger ce défaut  avec Picnic, mais ça ne donne pas grand chose, les troncs de arbres sont toujours proportiennellement aussi clairs.... Je m'étais apperçu du problème. La plupart des photos prises ce jour là ne sont pas publiables pour cause de surrexposition, même celles capturées  en mode automatique.... Conclusion : le post-traitement améliore les photos réussies mais la plupart du temps ne corrige pas les défauts  !really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Excellent!Bravo et toutes mes félicitations.

 Photo exceptionnelle digne du groupe.

Vue et acceptée par Berjun (Bernard), Modérateur

 Photo vue et appréciée dans 
Photographie et Francophonie
Surtout bien lire &quot;Discussion&quot; forum riche en informations.

N'oubliez pas de visiter dans discussion la première vitrine de &quot;Photographie et Francophonie&quot;…

Venez participer en suivant ce lien…!
La première vitrine de &quot;Photographie et Francophonie…&quot;
Sincèrement et amicalement ………………………………….Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe My favorite Forest Photo (add 1, award 1), et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

₪₪ 

₪ ₪ SPLENDID NATURE PHOTOGRAPH ! ₪ ₪

Seen in the group:   ₪ NATURE SANCTUARY ₪
(Post 1 - Award 2 pix within the first 2 pages) This wonderful picture has been seen in Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeil



Post 1 – Award 3
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Merci de partager votre photo avec nous

Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeilEXCELLENT IMAGE !!!

Seen in:
**HARMONY**(Post 1-Comment 3)₪ ₪ SPLENDID NATURE PHOTOGRAPH ! ₪ ₪

Seen in the group:   ₪ NATURE SANCTUARY ₪
(Post 1 - Award 2 pix within the first 2 pages) 

hermosa foto!!!!! me encantaTrès joli endroit et belle prise!

This wonderful picture has been seen in Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeil



Post 1 – Award 3
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Merci de partager votre photo avec nous

Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeilThis wonderful picture has been seen in Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeil



Post 1 – Award 3
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Merci de partager votre photo avec nous

Keep your eyes open - Ayez l'oeilmajestueux
passionnante image vue dans le groupe:

 &quot;La passion de l'image&quot;
5+ awards postez iciC'est de toute beauté, l'eau, les couleurs, les arbres, les reflets...
Cette photo est parfaite!

passionnante image vue dans le groupe:

 &quot;La passion de l'image&quot;
5+ awards postez ici
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5Amazing work seen in 

NATURES PRIME
(POST 1 AWARD 4)
6+ GOLD awards post here
10+ GOLD awards post here
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the Month
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the Month 



This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthGood reflections and colours. Aussi tres jolie la composition des lignes blanches paralleles.

This photo is a good sample in the flickr.
It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr
Photo of the MonthAmazing work seen in 

NATURES PRIME
(POST 1 AWARD 4)
6+ GOLD awards post here
10+ GOLD awards post hereSeen in:


Nature`s Treasures
* Post 1 - Award 3 *Your photograph has received the Nature In Lace Dumbfounded Award the (NILDA) Award


To confound briefly and usually with astonishment the Nature In Lace Nilda Award....
Your wonderful photograph has been given the Nature In Lace Dumbfounded Award (NILDA) Award.
For your photograph is filled with amazement and wonder.
www.flickr.com/groups/1301528@N20/
Thank you for the joy of sharing your 
photograph with us at the new Nature In Lace.
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Seen in:


Nature`s Treasures
* Post 1 - Award 3 *This photo deserves My favorite Forest Photo Award

My favorite Forest Photo 
Post 1 comment 1Beautiful colour and refection - thank you for sharingThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of theSeen in:


Nature`s Treasures
* Post 1 - Award 3 *
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Amazing work seen in 

NATURES PRIME
(POST 1 AWARD 4)
6+ GOLD awards post here
10+ GOLD awards post hereBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe It's Not About You  , et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

 très beau reflets ,beau contraste avec les troncs blancs des bouleaux, jolie composition &quot;miroir&quot;
This photo deserves My favorite Forest Photo Award

My favorite Forest Photo 
Post 1 comment 1ohh what a shot.. great capture!Seen in:
Great reflections!!! 
Please accept my most sincerest compliment, my friend.   :-)))
Thanks a lot for your sweet comment on my recent image!!!   :-))) 
You deserve Awards 
 
 ♠ Pics with 4 ladybugs: Click here 
♠ Pics with 5 ladybugs: Click here 
♠ Pics with 6 ladybugs invited to group:Click hereBelle réverb. ! 
Vue dans, Seen in

France Landscapes
www.flickr.com/groups/francelandscapes/nice, love the lighting sirnice work Jesse, and congrats on a successful showLove that soft lighting, man.that's an eye-catcher.nice, how'd you get that color on the backdrop?this lighting is great, good shot!Gewd shot mah friend.What color backdrop did you use? You explained before HOW you did it... you didn't use a white BG, did you?Thanks you guys.

Paul / Ross:
I used the sky blue backdrop at the studio.
Key light was B800 thru beauty dish @ 1/4
2 Rim lights.
B1600 on left @ 1/16.
B800 on right @ 1/8.

My white balance was pretty warm.
I added a kind of bluish / yellowish tint in photoshop.
The bckg was that color before that though.
I had her standing probably 10 or 15 feet away from it.Superb job, nicely shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)It seems like mastering simple setups like this can really go  a LONG way for photographers.  Great work.Yeah, I'm trying to get simpler now.
Thanks a lot.great lighting. she cute :3i like the lighting! your talented :DThanks!i dig the simple rim light.  beautiful shot.記憶中的星芒嗎 ~~~ 難怪你的星芒都別有一番風味 ~~ 哈不錯的光,,,,,,,,把特 ....怎麼感覺有些刮痕????還是我的電腦有.........吼~~~
很少看你有這種風格的喔~~

最近變性喔....Xxddd... 
不不~ 是改性情喔~~~~~^_^superb texture!
--
please join us at:
BOKEH Any • DAY
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )偷偷又放了毒上來.........&gt;_&lt;走懷舊復古風喔[http://www.flickr.com/photos/benson_chen63/]
哈哈~
老星芒嗎?

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/35424364@N05/]
在memory裡放久了
當然多多少少會刮傷咩~  ^Q^

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jeckychuang/] [http://www.flickr.com/photos/26964598@N02/]
前一陣子在玩一個新軟體
所以就惡搞了這張咩
一點都不熟練
所以真的是純惡搞~  XD

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/30665561@N08/]
想說這種實驗性質的
就趁夜深人靜時丟上來咩
^^&quot;這是大盜城城主推出的方案嗎?

你們城主總是喜歡推出一些方案來討打(搖頭)

XD
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer ParadiseThis is truly lovely! great work. :)

 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 哈XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]
嘎哩共挖丟不系城主哩系聽巄無喔?

你等下害我被真的城主打~~  &gt;&quot;&lt;

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jennifer-kecl/]
哇~~~
小的參見城主~  ^^&quot;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/clonedeagle/]

啊我昨天在sindy 家不是都坦白了嗎?

我沒當城主已經很久了

也無意東山再起啊

XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jennifer-kecl/]
小的參見 前 城主~~~  &gt;&quot;&lt;以克隆兄的反應看來，應該是怕被追殺，所以急著躲在J後面 Xddd

不過話說回來，城主的頭那麼大裡面都裝屎啊？(誤)

Xd[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]
@___@

哩係拉薩鬼哩!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/clonedeagle/]

咳三聲!!!

不平身

你就跪在那裡好了！！！[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

拉薩鬼!!拉薩鬼!! (誤)

TIGER GHOST!!!  TIGER GHOST!!!

^Q^










不跟你們玩了

晚安~~~[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jennifer-kecl/]
大人阿~
小的已經有幫你罵那個拉薩阿春了

給平身啦~  &gt;&quot;&lt; 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 J應該要回「朕以為你是想和我喇賽，所以這種小事就不和你們計較了，來人啊，把大盜城城主拖去宰了」

XDD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/clonedeagle/]

今晚哈啦的太累累了

明早再來定奪看是否賜你平身!!!

（打大哈欠.................!!! )Excellent work!!! 


Nice Shot!!!Please post the excellent photo at
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer Paradise[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

@@

愈來愈TIGER!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/jennifer-kecl/]
跪一整晚喔?!  ~@_@~

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]
拉薩阿春
巄哩害的啦~~  &gt;&quot;&lt;&quot;拉薩阿春&quot;聽起來很像外族的 XDD

城主總要和外族的人用飛鴿傳信溝通一下咩~

XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

ㄚ春真是好脾氣 ^^

值得額樂一下. ^^怀旧的感觉很棒記憶的傷痕~ nice fu...to J:
不一定耶，像有些人我是不會給他好臉色看的(誤)

XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chun1112/]

soooo ga!!  ^^看來也不能得罪阿春吼?

@@&quot;噗...我平常本來就不易怒啊.......

呵呵，改天再和你們分享我被變態跟監的事啦

而且要小心喔，變態還會一邊跟監一邊搞破壞喔 XD
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer ParadiseBeautiful shot !復古風嗎?!
很特別唷~~~好棒的感覺!好復古的感覺
別有一番風味啊。。。Great lighting, textures and tones, beautiful composition!!阿春的變態事件通常是故事的結局了吼 XDDD對啊，我發現那個變態每次都在搞破壞耶
所以我這次在拍攝小黃花特別小心 :P

阿sam講到重點，拍拍手 XD复古风， 稀饭稀饭 ^__^Looks like it was taken through a glass window. Great idea!呵...這個照片放很久了吼...Nice composition and treatment!精采的處理 ^^喔～最近大家都很〝復古復古〞
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer Paradise這復古風的處理真棒!!!!除夕到了   大家都是回憶風故意弄的滿身傷痕嗎excellent這個真有味道~love them Chucks
nice idea
nice shotawesome
i like how you took a different angle (0=Awesome perspective! Great idea! Love the chucks!! HBM!!Cool idea/great perspective for Bench Monday.Great angle...HBM!i have a feeling this might hit exploreVery cool perspective!  HBM!I think it's great, awesome dof and perspective! HBM!Fantastic perspective - why didn't I think of that? (Makes note to steal idea for future BM!!!)wicked perspective, hbmFantastic ideaawesome!wow love the awesome perspective HBM!HBM!!!nice shot instead ;-)

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)I think it's a great shot,love the focus :]as soon as I saw this, I thought to myself, why the heck haven't I seen this angle before!!! seriously, been doing the bench monday forever, and have never seen this one! you are a genius of creative endeavor!!Gosh, they're clean : )

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Those are really clean chucks. Weird.
Cool angle!Brilliant angle!  HBM!I actually really like the perspective on this shot ~ HBMFun shot,,HBM!!!!!super cool view!  chucks rule!  hbm!Hello Bigfoot !Well, at least the perspective is pretty darn awesome! :DAwesome shot of the chucks!great perspective and DOF.Such an awesome angle!  HBM!!!  =)This is really good! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.nice perspective........Awesome PoVGreat dof, not sure what we can see behind the shoes, very odd angle.I love this shot! The shoes are so clean, must be new...
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Killer perspective. :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)nice one!  love the POVnice focusVery nice...bei toni...Stunning, lovely choice of colors and great focus!Nice skin tones.  Lovely portrait.very nice portrait..wow this is brilliant... love the tones and pose..!
great setup and result...!Nice portrait work, excellent lighting and great smile.Nice portrait.She is gorgeous...
Lovely capture.Great communication between you and the model. Lighting is superb highlighting her hair and eyes. Love all the colours.nice pic !!Very warm colors - great shot!Wonderful portrait capture. Excellent.I never knew you are such a nice portrait photographer... lovely use of texture...Very nice!:)
ye hui na baat Bhai je.
Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Portrait !! (POST 1 Comment 2) - Join Monthly Contest , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So beautiful ~beautiful work with a beautiful model.Very nice portrait, lovely!Beautiful colors, nice portrait.Good job done Sir.like the soft tones...
:)

wana c more potraits from ugreat decouvert!nice one and beautiful background...;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)EXCELLENT..very professional!lovely portrait.This is really very nice,,,Excellent portrait.My best regards.Beautiful light and lovely portraitAwesome light beautiful smileLove your texture work here, the light is gust well done..... Beautiful portrait indeed!model mubtala-e- dard lagti hey.........lakin shot aacha hey.....Lovely portraitAwesome light beautiful portraitneed some lessons from you, imran:-)oh wow!!!Lovely portrait, nice textured background!Beautiful. Lovely lighting.really wonderfull portrait !!!Excellent...RegardsYou are beautiful, I love you as the light of the world7beeeebbt Guulbbi :&quot;&quot;♥♥♥ 
Fdaiiiiiitch Anna myAll &lt;3 Waalllla A7bbbbccchh walla wallla :&quot;&quot;♥♥♥
Thannnnnxx a loooot baabbbee =** walllla ma kaan lh Da3eeii :&quot;
Mat89rein wallla ;* mn yooumch ma t89reeen ♥ 
w Realy Really i'm so happy know ;'D Alla y5leech ly wala y7rmni mnch =* 
Maysa : معـــااك االدنيييا شئ احلى معاك الدنيا هذي غيير ♥♥♥ 
iloveyou ya a7llla Cuzen fy alkoun kellla &lt;3 Emwaah (K)(K)(K)!great shot &lt;3
happy birthday :'D
love you :*ya fdaiiiiiiitha &lt;3
adore.kuuum both :$ :$ $
- 
- Amaz!nG
- n!!ce p!!c keep it up 
- 2bdaa3 mashalla &lt;33333***
- 
-comment me pleez  :(
7beet el-warda &lt;333 ,, H.B.D (^)Happpy Birzzdaay :P:PHappy birthday ...

this shot must be in the FRONT PAGE ya maysa!wooow ., amazing shoot &lt;3
keep goingNawaryah♥♥♥♥♥♥;*soo lovely ;** , Happy BirthDay 2 her &lt;3

Ya lba il Burthday Girl ana &lt;3;$-F♥♥♥♥Mhappy birthday&lt;3Wonderful &lt;33
and``H.B.D ..(A)happy birthday Beauty &lt;3 FAVFantastic *HH.B.D
&lt;3 itLoved it &lt;3LOVEنآيس البيكHappy BirthdaySo Beauteful
Comment Mefav &lt;3Wonderful

=D  
H.B.D
Faaav *

  |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   gorgeousHBD&lt;3happy birth day 2 her &lt;3
love you maysaكل سنه وأهي طيبه (^)happy birthday to her
w amazing shoot &lt;3 i love itthbd &lt;3happy biirthday : )wooow amazing colorsss :) keep going fdetCh ;*happy birthday..H.B ..
wonderful pic ,,aaammmmaaazzzzinnng 
&lt;3happy birthday &lt;3happy birthday (^) ..
&lt;33 u ;*HappyBirthDaay(^)' Wooooow :O
Happy B.Day &lt;3 &lt;33
H.B.Dجميله جدا  [http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]happy birthDay &lt;3,i love u maysaAlllah Y5leeha Lnna Bss &lt;333 
Love you Mayssa (LLLLL)&lt;3 
6rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrPretty !HBD!HBDHi, I'm an admin for a group called il ROSETO  *Post 1: Comment 2* , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.


www.flickr.com/groups/788777p08/

Visto in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Seen in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Please tag your shot: &quot; il ROSETO &quot;Excellent Rose

Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.


www.flickr.com/groups/788777p08/

Visto in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Seen in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Please tag your shot: &quot; il ROSETO &quot;روووووووعه البيك
كيب ات اب
كيب ات في العلالي
كيب ات فوق فوق نجوم سهيل

ممكن بس احلى فيف و احلى نوت واحلى كومنت
طلبتك يالغلا طلبه:D Great  (L) Hope to see your Commentروعه

منظر الوردهlove itGreat &lt;3may all her dreams come true ♥♥♥Lovely ♥♥♥♥. Loooooovelyso loveley 
7abeat l clrs7lowaaa 
kl 3am w she's b5eir
i love you1

معقوول انا الفيرست  @ __ @

انا بعلم ولا بحلم  :P

فنانة كالعادة ويشرفني تواجدي هني دايما
=)

احلى فيفJmeeeelaaa &lt;3 
Mshallahفن~

Lovely Drop!

Raww3333333aالعنوان حده عجيب ,, وهذا الحال اللي نشوفه 
بالنسبة للصورة ,, حدها رووعة
الوانها عجيبة ,, وتصويرها احترافي 
يعطيج العافيةperfect work !
 تسلموووون جميعا على المرور الطيب 

=)
ابدعتـــي
وعجبني الفوكس ولون الخلفيه
وطبعا لمسااتج اكيد تطغي على جمال الصوره

تسلم يمنااج
وعساج عالقوه =Dفنآنه ماشاءالله Fantastic10/10 =D 

مشاء الله عجيبهـ 


::



[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32518802@N05/4339835310/]^,*amazing~Great shoot TerrifiC !رووعه

يعطيج العافيه 

=)(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )


 &lt;3 itNiiiiice 
Keep going 
Comment Me plzz + NoteThanx All ^^So Beauteful
Comment MeNi!CE niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..
niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..
niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe ..niCe .. .. .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe .. niCe 


¸¨°º¤ø„...ø¤º° ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
¨°º¤ø„¸ Nice ♥ ~!!¸„ø¤º°¨
¸„ø¤º°¨ Nice picture!!! `°º¤ø„¸ 
¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø„¸¨°º¤

¸¨°º¤ø„...ø¤º° ¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨
¨°º¤ø„¸ cOмMεnt!!¸„ø¤º°¨
¸„ø¤º°¨ мε ρℓzZz!!! `°º¤ø„¸ 
¸„ø¤º°¨¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ølovely &lt;3






*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥

Amazing ..عجييبه 
=)MnoOoreEen =)WooW ,


RaW3a WaLLa [F][F]


akeeeeeeeeed ,, FAV ,,Lovely&lt;333favamazing :)ماشاء الله 
روعة الصوره ابدعتيniceNice shot..,
nice..
Very very Beatiful shot &amp; nice ideaT h a n x  ^^سلااامي عليج يالفنااانه

الفوكس حده رهيييب

favfav ..7lwaaaa ;o ♥ ;O Fananh oo Sure faaaaaave (YY) !! ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ηι¢є ..
ηι¢є ..
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
　└┐▒▒▒┌┘

((кèép ίţ ùρ..))
.
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬
╬═♥╬
(`'•.¸(` '• co00oment •'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.*+*. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.No00ot.¸)`'•.¸ )

v(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.pllllllzzz . ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )
.•´ `•.¸
¸.•
( `•.¸
`•.¸ )
¸.•´

╚═●{~♥~♥~♥ J ═╗.. 
♥
$
$$_____________________________________$$$
$$$$__________________________________$$$$
$$$$$$______________________________$$$$$$
*$$$$$$$$,*_____________________*,$$$$$$$$*
*$$$$$$$$$$$,,_______________,,$$$$$$$$$$*
__$$$$$$$$$$$$_ _._____.___$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$$$$$$$$$,_'.____.'_,,$$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$??????$$$,, '.__,'_$$$????????$$$$
____$$$?????????$$$$..:..$$$$?????????$$$
_______***$$??????$$@@$$??????$$****
_________,,,$$*$????$$@????$$,,,,,,
_____,,$$?????????$$*@@*$$???????$$$,,,
____*$$$????????$$$*@@*?????????$$
___,,*$$$????????$$__.@.__*$?????????$$$,,
_,,*___*$$??????$$$___*___*$???????$$*__ *',,
*____,,*$$?????$$$_________$????????$*,,____ *
______,;$*$,$$**'____________**'$$***,,
____,;'*___'_.*__________________*___ '*,,
,,,,.;*____________---____________ _ ____ '**,,,,
...°*
....O
.......°o O ° O*
.................°
.............. °
............. O.
.............o....o°o
.................O....°
............o°°O.....o
...........O..........O
............° o o o O .
----------------------`•.¸ )
----------------------¸.•)´
----------------------(.•´
----------------------`*.*´¨)
----------------------¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
---------------------(¸.•´ (¸.•`
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█rooow3aa

love it^,^Awesome foucs!

..إبداع يفوق الوصفLovely &lt;3وحشني فلكرج :&quot;
حلوه الصورة وجعل يمناج سالمهابداااع صراحة
عجبتني وااجد
فيف أكيد
تسلم الأيادي

~&lt;333

wondurful shot *_*
Perfect..لقطه جميله 

مبدعهلا خـلا وعـدم من تواصلكـم 

=)
رهيبه الصوره
تسلم يمناج

=)
N!Ce pic 

keep it up 
_____________
comment me plzzniiiiiiiiiiiiiiice pic

:))))))))


comment me plzn!ce p!c ~..♥
keep !t up ~..♥ 
&amp; ~..♥
fav ~..♥niiice piiic walla 

coment me plz new pic

Nice Walla Anh Al9ora Abda3 (Y)

^^

Comment me ^^ , 

www.flickr.com/photos/38679411@N04/آلكلمآت وِآييدِ حلوِة 
يعطيج آلعآفية حبيبتيُ ~Beautiful color!!!Great Shot☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
_-└┐▒▒▒┌______


WøÖøÖøW..~ •º ㋡(｡◕‿◕｡)

ŋiCėė, ρί!C..~ •º㋡

яǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º㋡

keep it foog ..~ •º㋡

comment &amp; note plz ..~ •º㋡





ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
thanx all ^.^

Raw3a

comment me

مشاء الله عليج كلمه ابدعتي اشوي في حقج 

الاوان حدهم ابداع Nice ;)Mashalla
&lt;3 ur Focus ;)


My New :) ~nice مشاء الله فوكس ممتاز 
حبيت شكل الدروبز فيه
والالوان محليته زوود 
وتستاهلين الاكسبلور عليها 
موفقه اختي 
^^  great work 

just keep going 

^^شاكره مروووركــم الطيب 

=)نآآآآيس

والكلمااات احلى


^_^

كومنت مي بليزwow fave  ♥ ♥  

Tjnn *

  |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  niCe piC 
favM e r c i ^^
يالبيه الجوري
=Dyaay 3jeebah
(Y)
صبآح الفل والياسمين
..
عن جد صوره تستآهل الاكسبلور 
وآيد وآيد حلوه والله .. الوآنها تجنن
والقطرآت والعزل .. والله وآيد حلوه
سلمت يمينج آختي .. والسموحه ^^

~|روعه الصوره

تسلم يمناجtslmooon all =)rw3aaahehehehe vedo che ti sei divertita con i colori :-)
Di grande impatto!Sempre uno spettacolo di geometrie e colori!!!
Andreaè quasi rossoblu ;)))Bellissimi colori !
Sto diventando daltonico ;-DSuperbe façade.a dir poco perfettaahah ciao, di prima mattina con questi colori mi lacrimano gli occhi!

ahah a volte mi chiedo se il tuo monitor sia ben calibrato! ahah
ciaooooooo, ottme architerttureFantastica saturazione!perfetta la saturazione, un gioco di colore che mi entusiasma ! la tua inconfondibile firma anche su questo scatto :)
buongiorno mia cara Margherita  I Think this is Art ! AWARDMa è La bandiera del genoa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Che roba....Sono stordita dalla felicità Cromatica!!!!E..............I 44 gatti???? E il resto di 2????non sembra nemmeno di stare in Italia con quegli abbinamenti...bellissime le geometrie.....!!Che brava!!!!  sempre bellissime queste geometrie questi colori!!!Grazieeeee, sei sempre troppo buona !!
Con il tuo genere (questo) siamo in simbiosi e cvorrei esserti a fianco per duplicare queste riprese che mi fanno iniziare bene la settimana!!!
CiaooooCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato (not) Only Words  -  Occhio e Tecnica. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

mamma che contrasti ^_^Hai trasformato la facciata di un palazzo in un'immagine quasi astratta che calebra il valore di geometria e colore.fantastic !
great colour !Che colori!!!Sembra quasi di stare in un cartone animato!!

Vista, Seen in ONLY WORDSbelli questi ricami colorati. bravaAmazing bright colours! Excellent!Bellissime geometrie e colori...
Davvero uno spettacolo per gli occhi; bravissima!

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Sparaterrima....Bellissime geometrie !!!
Forse, stavolta, ti sei fatta prendere la mano dalla saturazione... ehehehe !!!

Buona giornata !!!Allegrissima; sei grande Meghi!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Virgilio &amp; Company *** post1-award2. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

ma tu lo sai che aspetto i tuoi post per vedere cosa sei riuscita a cogliere.....
incredibile l'occhio che hai...
ciaoooma che splendore.......
colore.... eleganza......geometrie fantastiche......
c'è tutta la tua impronta inconfondibile.....
gian aspetta i tuoi post.....ed io pure !!!! :))))
un abbraccio fortissimo lungo una settimana....
ciao splendida amicafabulous colours.Shocking !!!!!
Bellissima policromia !!
Il lampione in baso da senso a tutto.
Bravache bella - questa mi mette di buon umore! grazie, C.Spettacolare l'impatto, Meg ! E poi rosso/blu, i miei colori preferiti :))In fila per tre..... le 3 M.......Meravigliosa.........Magica...... Meg!!!!:-)))))))a primo inpatto mi ha fatto venire in mente i canestrelli :)
(sarà la fame???) mi mette un sacco di allegria!
stupenda!greatMiseriaccia che bella facciata allegra!!Sembra quasi un dipintocaspita che composizione

satura e bellissima!Fantastic colorexcellent work!

Bellissima la compo ... ottima saturazione .. allegra e molto bella !
Ciao meghi !Great colors and patterns. So eye-catchy.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Stupefacente il modulo che si ripete...in geometria si chiama traslazione....candycolor! :))  

*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
 Seen in:
 I love colours (post 1, award 2)
Wow wow wow !!!!!!!!!Perfect composition  and  colors . . . full of life!!Love the colour, perfectgrande impatto cromatico ..ottima la compo !Una facciata fantastica !
Devo farci proprio un salto a santa Margherita ,ora che le giornate sono un po più tiepide !!Geniale, complimenti...!giochiamo a.........filetto?? ciaooooooo meg...It helps to see life joyfully ;o)questi colori mi rendono felice !!!surreal!wow, your are the master for that, Meg, amazing...;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Excellence in Colour (post 1, award 2). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

The coolest colours and elements of repetition!colori naturali o hai post-prodotto un pò?
cmq geometria molto d'effetto, è iponotica!

Vista, Seen in ONLY WORDSMost vibrant colors...!!ehi..che fai alzata a quest'ora ?

ciao fiore !Wow..... Amazing shot,and wonderful colors!!!!!
Fantastic!! Excellent... as always!!ciao margherita buona giornata....very cool :OO wow!! What gorgeous colour. As soon as I saw the picture on my contact page I knew it was yours without looking at the name. Brilliant.che colpo d'occhio!
bella..I like very much!!!
Great pic!Grand building and colours!

;o)

Seen in:
 I love colours (post 1, award 2)
Meravisliosa! 
Sì, forse anch'io avrei optato per il crop... sarebbe risultata ancora più geometrica... fantastica e i colori sono vivissimi :-)
FAV!questa la vado a cercare , non me la ricordo ...
sono insolite le persiane blu !Non farai molta fatica a trovarla...è lo Skipper ,sul porto di Santa,fa angolo con la strada per Portofino.....eh gia' , ma i colori non mi sembravano cosi' belli ...Un goccino di saturazione,appena appena!the home of the retired cruising crewGreat job with the lighting. And for all the strobit/camera info.
Funny title too.  Hahaha.haha, nice concept! That drill needs a battery though. ;)@Michael Hunter Thank you! Glad you liked it.

@whatman75 Thanks man! Haha, nah, that's that thing at the bottom of the handle. I rushed this so much though, I feel like I should have at least had the hood of the car up or something...Hahaha very nice shot indeed!! the drill works, the lighting is awesome!! the composition!! love this man!!

Haha naah man you did a great job eventhough its rushed!bella composizione ed idea ... :-)One-touch up is excluded for safety reasons - too easy to get something trapped.A great perspective and I really like the details of the shoe soles.Great idea. I like the unique perspective and the shoes are cool.great povNow that made laugh. Good work.I know how you feel. I rented a Malibu when I drove to Canada, yikes I hated it too. I didn't want to put miles on the 335I. 

Nice Idea on the pic by the way. I like it. Keep them coming.love it - great shot (&amp; commentary)!!Great perspective.  I love the details in this like the stars on your shoes, the tools by your feet and the symbol of the car.  And, of course, the lighting is spectacular.Nice composition. Love the car point of view and those sneaks!great shot! awesome idea!Great photo nice work.Another great one from youAlex, I too recently had the pleasure of a rented malibu... you failed to mention that with the windsheild wipers on high power, the car actually bounces from left to right with the wipers... that was one of my favorite features.

Beautiful shot none the less.This is a very well executed shot, goes well with your story! love the POV and composition =)drewm: One-touch up on cars that have it has an anti-trap feature. If your car does, try putting a plastic water bottle in between the window moving up and the door frame.  Once the window hits the bottle (simulating a hand, torso, etc), it will instantly go back.  Anti-trap features do have issues though, sometimes they become uncalibrated and the window goes down after it goes all the way up (common issue on BMW E60 5-series and on Volvo S60 cars).Ammazing shoot &lt;3..sbaaaaa7 alptoon o albstook almgrmish :)
still life 7low 

&gt;&gt;&gt;(Y)نايس


بس احين كوفي تايم

&lt;3very good morning 
wonderful morningنااايس الصوووورهGood Morning &lt;3 Good Morning .. tslmoon .. Thanks :)





ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  A Very Good Morning to U Dear
Gr8 One Thanks all .. :) EXCELLENT!!, SEEN IN : 

  Diamond Stars (Post 1 Give 3 diamonds) This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the Monthgood morning =)

well i like to drink kakak in the morning ,, hmm not only el9b7 lol all the day jst drinking karak=p 

bel3afya ^_^روعة

favنااايسraw3a alshot fdeetchصبحج الله بالخير 
يابنت الامارات 
مشالله ترا صج طاح بخاطري اللي جنب الكوب :( 
فيه العافيه اختي 

عساج عالقوه ياعيون الامارات 

صباح الخير 

ياسلام على اللبتن والحركات الحلوة 

كلام جميل جدا 

يعطيك الف الف عافية 

تحيااااااتي 

Niiiiiiice Walla 
Keep It Up =)
Comment Me plzz + NoteThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthBeautiful hand with high tea moment! Beautiful image!Ali Al-Haidous &gt;&gt;   لا ما ارضي يتم فى خاطرك يبوعونه فى ماركس سبنسر .. قسم البسكويت جربه لذيذ ومقرمش .. ولا تنسي تيب لي معاك علبه وحده بس ..هههه

 Thanks all .. loved all ur sweet comments :)this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
  !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + notethis is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 --
 !!★ High Quality Image ★
 
Qualified Members Only
--
Seen in the group&quot;!★High Quality Images★ Post 1 , Award 7!!!&quot; ( ?² ) Thanks all :)so pretty job walla =)
Vista en grupo FLICKR ESTRELLAS, 
agrega 1 Premia 6Beautiful capture
HAve a nice day my dear friend laba abda3hoom bs :*Beautiful capture !! you made me want to drink some tea ;DNice one ;)

Seen in Explore =)niiiiice Thanks all .. tslmoon :)Your Super shot deserves our Super award!

Show The World Your Art 
Super Photographer Group (Post 1 - Award 5)Your Super shot deserves our Super award!

Show The World Your Art 
Super Photographer Group (Post 1 - Award 5)seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****I like LIPTON ;-)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ivqan/4301523764/]Your Super shot deserves our Super award!

Show The World Your Art 
Super Photographer Group (Post 1 - Award 5)nice selection of colours

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)
صبآح الفل والياسمين
..
صوره غآويه ما شاء الله
ويا حلاة اللبتون والله
..
الادت يجنن والاضاءه هاديه
سلمت يمينج آختي ..     والسموحه

~| Thanks all appreciate it :)صباح الخير وأحلي صباح اختي  .....أدت عجيب مشالله الله يعطيج العافيه ياربGood Morningوحشتني لقطاتج :)

اللقطه ماعليها كلام 

والاديييت بعد 

دام ابداعج ;*

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE ❥

السلام عليكم

مشالله عليج يختي

ويسعد صباحج على الريق 

الصراحه التصوير رائع

والحلو فيه تقسيم الالوان فالصوره 

يعني علامت البتون بالالوان والبسكوت 

شي خيالي

ومبدع 

تسلم الايادي وفي انتظار كل جديد 

وكل ماهو رائع

N i c e

s h o t

a m a z i n g
 
(.^_^.)

♥Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 【♦QǻTąя♦ÐĄя♦ßǿ♦M$Ĥ3ªζ♦】™, and we'd love to have this added to the group! AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2 Thanks all .. tslmoon :)عمل لذيذ اذا انا علي ابي بس البسكوووووت

عزل لوني ممتاز

وتسلم يدج يابنت الأمارات

خلي لنا شوي بسكوت

على الله ماحد شطب عليه

^_^

تحياتي لج

ودمتي بودRaw3aa9BAAA7 EL WRD YAL WRD KLAAAAH (k)
RBI  Y7F6'  HAL  EBDA3  WY7F6'CH Thanks my dear friends .. tslmoon :)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ♣♥♥♣ ░♥‏░ Love lovers ░♥‏░ ♣♥♥♣, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
R w 3 a a A *




a b d 3 t e ؛

,. F a v ~



www.flickr.com/photos/35316679@N06/4342237745Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group 

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group  Thanks all appreciate it :)yumm yummmnice piic ; 

keeep it ^^ 


comment me plzz XD 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All from  A to Z (Please Comment on atleast 3  images per Visit), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  Thanks all :)great work done with colours! Bravo!


Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group raw3a 

^^10/10

Full mark &lt;3

Keep upصحه و عوافي .. و العمل كلو إبداع ماشاء الله

يعطيك العافيه و تسلم يمناك الطيبهExcellent shot.
A 2 Z Member Choice !

I have seen it on  All From A To Z .صوره جميله 
عجبني العزل :]
بالتوفييق Thanks all tslmoon :)It looks fun, great pattern!

--
Seen in the group&quot;I love sewing ^_^&quot; (?)How fun!Very cool!  What's it called?This could keep me busy for a while just looking at it!  Great pattern.  I really enjoy all the colors!!Wonderful, wonderful block!This is awesome!  Is there a tutorial for it?thanks all there is no tutorial i made up the pattern using graph paper each one of the squares are 1 inchGorgeous!  I can see why it took some time to create!  I could see just this block making a gorgeous quilt top!It's stunning! :)
It's totally worth waiting for I would think!yep - totally worth waiting for!  I love it!fun pattern!impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!what is EXPLORE, rafallano? thanks?...This looks very time consuming - but well worth it! Beautiful!Wow i would say that ones my favorite,Great JOBThis is such a GREAT block!You never cease to amaze me!so artistic!!! The trees are so colorful....mashallah

even the color underneath are same as the tree leaves.

wow

beautiful location. Where is it?

And of course, great shot! The framing is nicely geometrical.

And that kid adds something unusual to this pic.......ironic!Incredible.Alucinante, simplemente una imagen espectacular, great great work!!!, congratulations,zorionak!!the trees are so saint like!wow
amazing capture
love the composition and the color
well done!!beautiful composition, great find !! : )what beautiful trees... lovely shot.Wow...this is magical.  Absolutely beautiful!extraordinary. love this piece.beautiful and impressive........Great shot, the composition and tones are amazing.gach gulak to purai jibonto lagtesejust mind blowingwow beshi joss. kothay eta?Beautiful!!fantasticshot - light colour and composition - all perfect
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wow.... very beautiful and lovely...What amazing trees! I really like the greens.joitl kop! really dreamy.awesome capture.....really wish to be there....

Seen this shot in:
Through The Lens: Bangladesh

Pool.beautiful composition :)matha nosto ... boss shot hoise bhai :)mare ma ... aesob ki??? eto baje pic?? good good :pUre.... 

ami nai.. boss amare Photography sikhaiben... ? 


Plzz......Spot on, excellent.beautyVoyaboho chobi...
gr8 job man
--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)Awesome...i like!@ all:  thaaaanks sooo much guys! i'm soo glad that you liked it n thats the inspiration gets me goin. thanks once again. :)

 Kamrul - Hasan thanku thanku kamrul vai! apnar khel dekhar jonne wait koira asi. :D

 Shad0w_0f_Dark:  shadow vai... thiki koisen! r koto vabe lojja dibar chan boss... !!!!? thanku btw. :)

      s p e c i a l  ...  t h a n k s  : ) Shundor Shundor. Nice processing....this is such a dreamy capture, just too good a find! when i look at it, it invites me to the door to the 'secret garden'. 
the firewood on the boy's head adds a lot to this frame.Brilliant shot Tahsin.... amar to ekhoni picnic e jete icche korche ei jaigai... Location ta jhot pot boloto...!Marattok hoise...wow....amazing....emon holo kibhabe??? boss amare editing shikhan...looks like a fairy tale book .... simply Stunning :)hu amaro proshno ...emon holo kivabe?absolutely love the scalewow wow wow!!!
Excellent shot!!Beautiful!!stunning shot!The scene and composition is amazingnice sceneeeeeewhat a wonderful frame!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I love it!!!
Jajajaja, es buenísima Javi. El procesado me parece de lo más interesante y apropiado.
Tómate lo del tabaco con calma, que seguro que lo superas con nota.Te pasaste..demasiado bueno tu segundo CD, ya estoy esperando por el terceroView on bestia??? jajajajajaja!!! Yo te daria el Grammy ahora mismo.
No se por que pero algo me dice que estas disfrutando esta asignacion querido.
Esta GENIAL.
Tengo un set de iluminacion guardadisimo en mi estudio, nunca lo uso... y despues dicen que en Canada los inviernos son peores :(

Te felicito, esta super bien ♥wow Javi, te pasas!!!!!!!!!! que increible te quedo esta portada!!!♥ i loooooooooveeeeee it!!!!!!! ♥

...y q eminem se entere q al lado tuyo pasa a ser un simple rubio sin chiste =P

♥wowwwwwww pero si estas de modelo ultimamente eh!
Que carita y que parada tan elegante!
Si que parece cd jajaja[http://www.flickr.com/photos/isapavia/] Gracias, Isa!!! LA verdad es que ya hay muchas portadas de este tipo, pero cuando leí lo de los CDs, me acordé enseguida de que siempre quise hacer algo así, jaja!! Gracias por los ánimos!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46664075@N07/] Graciasss! Aún no sé cuál será el tercero, pero luego me pongo a fregar a ver si se me ocurre algo... =P

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/casienserio/] Jajaja! Sí! Es que en grande da un poco de miedo, jajaja!! Los still los tengo aplazados hasta que tenga mejor luz, que no se me olvidan.
Me compré estas cositas porque tengo mucha curiosidad por aprender a usarlas. Esto era facilito, pero creo que conseguí lo que quería hacer. Aquí no hay nieve, por eso está todo siempre tan oscuro. En vez de reflejar, parece que el paisaje aquí absorbe la luz. Pero ya llegarán en breve los días soleados.
Muchas gracias, Jackie!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/eugita/] Gracias, Eugitaaaa!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/-faby-/] Jajajaja! Qué risas lo del Eminem!! Además, seguro que es teñido!!¡¡¡Moooolaaaa maaaazoooo!!! Malote, malote.

A ideas no te gana naide. Muucha suerte con el tabaco. Veras cuanto vas a ganar sin el.

(Por cierto, no se si lo sabes, pero el nombre cientifico del alamo negro es Populus nigra =P[http://www.flickr.com/photos/anacoreta/] jajaja! Gracias, Juliaaa!! Me estoy aficionando a esto de los selfies, jejeje!!! Es que me da vergüenza pedirle a la gente que haga estas cosas, porque paso frío y me mojo los pies =P Así que me lo hago yo solito. jajaja!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/25630367@N08/] Anda, no me digas! Gracias por los ánimos con la caca esa.... a ver si me olvido ya de los cilindrines, jaja! Aunque tengo un peazo de gorila subido a la chepa!!!muy imaginativa. buena suerte con el tabaco, yo llevo ya 4 añosJavi, la portada es total!! Es tan autentico el CD, que lo voy a buscar en iTunes para comprarlo ;D¡Muy buena!  Yo también compraría el disco...madre mía !!!
Virgen de las tres petacas !!!
te imaginé lleno de cadenas de oro muy bling bling cantando en un video rodeado de puras nenas en hilos dentales !!!

jajajajajajajajajajajaja es que te miro ahora mismo !!!

que buen trabajo !!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;La vuelta al mundo   (Rojo)&quot; (?)...vista en grande es brutal, ESA mirada Javito!!!!
=PHa nacido el nuevo Porta!!!!!!!!!!!!! JAJJAAAAAAAAAAAAA ES BUENÍSIMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Te lo estás pasando en grande, campeón!!!!Javi esta brutal!! Te quedo buenisima! Felicitaciones! Y suerte con lo de el tabacoless! :)La caña recaña, si es que cuando digo que das asco
 es que das asco joder, que te contrate la Sexta ya!!!
ATONITA, y yo perdiendo el tiempo sin hacer de modelo for you!!
Me encanta.
Ahora que si decides ser malo malo, corres peligro poq las feromonas SE CUATRIPLICAN.
I LOVE YOU!! jajsjs[http://www.flickr.com/photos/42140912@N02/] Gracias Antolín!! ¿4 años?!? Tengo entendido que esto es ya para toda la vida, pero que te acostumbras, jajaja!! Dentro de cuatro años te lo digo!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46415523@N08/] Jajaja! Sería muy divertido encontrarlo en la iStore, jaja!! Gracias!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/27440475@N03/] Gracias!! :D

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/gabrieladcg/] jajaja! Mira tú que he estado buscando voluntarias, pero hace mucho frío y dicen que sin pileta no hay foto!!! Muchas gracias, Gabiiiiii!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/-faby-/] jajaja! Gracias, Faby!! Estoy consiguiendo un amplio registro de miradas, jajaja!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/galeriadeeva/] Jajaja! Le saco un puñao de años, pero el chico es todo un personaje, jajaja!! Sííííí, me lo estoy pasando muy bien con esto... Me quedan los still, que me cuestan horrores, pero saldrán, no te quepa duda... jajaja! Muchas gracias, Eva!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43560618@N07/] Muchas gracias!! Esa suerte me va a hacer mucha falta, Libertad!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43612026@N04/] jajaja! Qué tía!!! Ya verás cuando haga bueno y te toque posar... Aisssss! Yo también te quiero una porrada, Raquelilla!!!ok pasamos del rock al hip-hop, muy versatil el artista... jajajaja.... está buenísima... me encanta :)jajajajajajaja estás hecho un crack!!!! buenísima!!! estás llegando a unos niveles de diseño impresionantes!! una composición de lujo y la luz...vaya luz!!! ahora entiendo para que valen los aparatejos esos jajajaja.
ya tengo ganas de ver la siguiente, a ver por donde nos sales! algo en plan Müzart o Veto ben jajajaja 


--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)animo![http://www.flickr.com/photos/ninoskaenriquez/]Jajaja!! Mi padre siempre me dice que en esta vida hay que saber hacer de todo, jajaja!! Muchas gracias![http://www.flickr.com/photos/roibradbury/] jajaja! Me apunto la sugerencia, Roi! Veremos a ver qué se puede hacer, jejejeje!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/42140912@N02/] Uf! Me va a hacer falta, realmente!! El único momento que no me he acordado ha sido haciendo las fotos, así que me pasaré el día con la cámara en la mano, jejeje!Muy buena la edicion!! Felicidades con lo del tabaco! Fuerza!Menos mal que esta vez tome precauciones y ya estaba en el suelo para no caerme... ¿que te digo hijo, que te digo?Sos mi idolo!!!!!!!!!!!Buenisima la portada,es genial,aunque no menos que tu.
Y con lo del tabaco,yo hace 13 años que lo deje,aunque yo tenia una buena razón,jiji,me levante una mañana,me hice el redictor,salio positivo,me fume el del susto y hasta hoy.
Ya veras como puedes con el,si me dejas te doy un pequeño consejo,jiji y no es que te quedes embarazado jajjaj.
No te pongas metas largas con lo del tabaco, empieza con metas pequeñas.
Te levantas y dices,hasta medio dia no fumo,cuando llegue mediodia,dices,hasta la tarde tampoco fumo,despues hasta la hora de dormir y cuando te quieres dar cuenta ya hace un dia que no fumas.
Poco a poco vas aumentando,un dia sin fumar,luego 2 y cuando ya lleves la semana,ve a por la siguiente y cuandote quieras dar cuenta llevas 1 mes.
Y cuando te apetezca,bebe un vaso de agua,que a parte de entretenerte te ayudara a depurarte.
Animo y qu eno se diga que al Lobezno mas hiphopero le va ha ganar un cigarrillo.Javiiiiii!!!  Te ves GUA-PI-SI-MO!!!  
Wow!!! Me encanta aún más que el primero... ¿qué nos vas a sacar para el tercero?! 
Mucha ánimo con lo del tabaco :)El tercero tocara de baladas,boleros o tangos.no???
jajjaj
No te imagino con el sombrero y el pañuelo al cuello,jiji y el clavel entre los dientes muy porteño, o si.jajajajajajajajajajajajajajjajajajajaj Javier tu jamas dejas de sorprenderme!!! Como me gusta pasar por tu galeria! siempre, siempre, siempre te traes algo nuevo, esto es genial!!!
todo eso que escribes es muy chistoso jajajajajajaja view on bestia jajajajajajajaja, y eso de que la cara te ha quedado asi jajajajajajajajajajaja
Solo falto la chica con siliconas por todas partes y el ferrari estacionado con ellas bailando encima y empelotas y ya mismo te puedes ir a hacerle competencia a esos que cantan esa musica jajajajajajajajajaja
La edicion me gusta mucho! es perfecta para un cd de verdad!! Me gusta el color del pantalon!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Las fotos de l'Atelier. Enero 2010&quot; ( ?² )El comentario de Raquel casi me hace ahogar de la risa jajajajajjajajajajajajajjajajajajajajaj[http://www.flickr.com/photos/tacu53/] Gracias, compañero!! jajaja! Pensé que pondrías &quot;enhorabuena&quot;, jajaja!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ladonnabupu2/] Nada, mujer! Gracias por pasarte! Lo de sentarse en el suelo es una buena alternativa al cinturón de seguridad...

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43779674@N00/] Ay, jajaja!! Que no!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41807695@N04/] Jo, Carol! Muchas gracias por los consejos. Yo ya había intentado quedarme embarazado, pero no pudo ser, jajaja!!! Creo que mañana empezaré a seguir lo que me dices... Tienes razón. Puede que así se haga más fácil al principio. Gracias! Eres un sol!
Para el tercero tengo dos ideas, así que a lo mejor hago las dos, y una la dejo para el 7/52, jejejeje!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/blue-eyes2/] Gracias, Brigitte!! Para el tercero... sorpresa!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/francoiserachez/] Jajaja! No me digas que no da miedo al abrir el enlace!! Cuando me pongo serio.... jejejeje!!!
Me gusta mucho eso que dices de mi galería. Es lo que quiero que sintáis al venir de visita, y sorprenderte me encanta!!! Porque llevas tanto viendo mis fotos que es un reto para mí, jajajajaja!!!
Yo también pienso lo del pantalón... No sé qué pasó con la chaqueta, pero la arruiné un poco... Si tengo ganas, mañana intento recuperarla, a ver si puedo.
Raquel es un sol, a que sí, jajaja!!!Realmente sabes imprimirle fuerza a tus fotos y mucha originalidad! Me parece que tienes muchisima creatividad!!! Te felicito! Y Me encanta lo del Alamo negro, excelente titulo!! Los arboles seguro rapearan contigo....
Y estoy de acuerdo con Rodbrandbury, me encantaria ver la portada del artista de musica clasica!Estoy con Alejandra y Roibradbury, aunque yo pensaba en algo mas del tipo cantautor languido... algo entre Serrat, Victor Manuel e Ismael Serrano? Jajajaja!!!Ay Ay ay, te abandono durante un par de semanas y ¡mira lo que me encuentro! Te das a la música! jajajaja
Voy a seguir mirando! ;)Esto es perfecto para vos!
Fotografiar musicos....lo veo en tu futuro(soy bruja)Demasiado bueno!Sin palabras!! O con muchas!! Es lo más, Javi!! Y a cuerpo entero!! Creo que es de los poco que has hecho y te ves muy bien!! Hasta serio te ves sexy! Jajajaja! En seriooo!!!
Que hermosos trabajos!! Ya quiero ver el tercero.. Deja de asustarme con el curso que mira que al ver esto es imposible no ponerme nerviosa!! Jajajaja!!

Hablando de la foto: el modelazo, la luz, la compo, la edición están perfectas pero sobretodo que comiences a cuidar tu salud! Que alegría que lo hayas decidido!! No me importa si andas bravito! Yo me aguanto!! Jajajaja!!

Un beso y un amapuche, Javito!! ♥Esta buenisima!!!
Que cara de rudo ¬¬Es de lo más, genial !!! ahora con el miedo que me dan a mi los autoretratos ante tal magistral portada, dime que hago (me acaba de entrar miedo escenico ...)

Por cierto yo ya llevo 10 años sin fumar !!!!! tu puedes !!!!!Jajajaja. Me parto contigo ¿te lo había dicho? Creo que si.

Una vez más lo has &quot;clavao&quot;. El entorno no es muy urbanita para un rapero pero mola para darse un paseo (me ha salido una rima). Me gusta la edición (¿tipo dragan?) y me gusta como te queda la barba. 

Te mando mucho ánimo con el tabaco. No te puedo dar consejos porque nunca he fumado pero creo que ganarás mucho dejándolo (dinero, olfato, gusto...) aunque cuidadito con la comida ahora.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/45223280@N04/] Jo, muchas gracias por tus palabras, Alejandra! Ya se verá lo que hago con el tercero, jejeje!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ladonnabupu2/] uff... cantautor? no sé, no sé..... jejej

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/esceptika/] Hago cosas de estas cuando dejo la medicación, jajajaja!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/elbeso/] Bruja... ¿Sabes que ya me lo habían propuesto??? Pero no me atrev, no estaba preparado. =S Ahora tampoco, jaja! pero no tendría tanto miedo. Ya sabes que yo también soy un poco brujo y que mis sueños a veces tienen sentido!, jajajaja!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/38172375@N04/] ja! Gracias!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/angeisa/] Jajaja!! Te has dado cuenta! jajaja! Es la primera foto en la que salgo de cuerpo entero. No tengas miedo al curso, mujer! Gracias por los animos! Besos!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/29893924@N08/] jajaja! Soy más majo de lo que parece en la foto, jajaja!! Muchas gracias!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/agusalbiol/] Venga ya Agus!! Seguro que se te ocurre algo elegante!!! Estoy más que convencido!!
Algún día llevaré tanto tiempo como tú, jejeje!! Un abrazo, Agus!Wow Javi que nivelazo!!!! Me gusta mucho, esque parece que sea ya carátula de un CD. La verdad que si que se ve que estás disfrutando...
Tranquilo pq ayer fuera tu primer día sin tabaco, ayer fue mi primer día sin grasas saturadas, ni picoteos entre comidas. Yo lo llevé bien, tantas veces he estado a régimen.... Que ya no me pongo ni de mala uva. Espero que duremos mucho, con éstos ábitos de vida sana.
Buen trabajo.la tela de los vaqueros queda fenomanal con esa iluminación
la posición de la cámara está muy bien

¿el fondo era realmente así o has recortado/añadido cosas con el photoshop?

te ha vuelto a quedar profesional, pero este disco no me compraría, parece de rap y a mi no me va mucho jejeOlá Javier! Mais uma maravilha! Os tons encantam e o tratamento com tendência para HDR está perfeito!  Um estilo de tratamento diferente do que tu costumas fazer, mas que afinal tu também dominas muito, muito bem... A forma como destacaste os elementos todos da imagem estão geniais... Sabes comunicar muito bem.... TU ÉS UM MESTRE! Great!muy chula. Tienes que pensar que solo con lo que ahorras en tabaco, te da para un objetivo nuevo cada año ;-)
ANIMOde cd total!!! estar rompedor, como dice Jackie estas disfrutando como un enano!!! yo quiero ver lo que te regalaron para reyes, vaa... si quieres me envias email, tengo curiosidad! soy culo veo culo deseo!Muy buen diseño, ahora sólo faltan las canciones. Ya lo vi &quot;on bestia&quot; y salvo un pequeño detalle que no me gusta y no digo para no ser tiquismiquis, queda muy &quot;de portada&quot; el aclaramiento selectivo de troncos y demás, dan mucho ambiente de diseño los contrastes altos. Me alegro que saques partido a ese paraguas reflector, está genial.
Y ánimo con lo de no fumar (tu subconsciente te ha jugado una mala pasada: los troncos parecen cigarrillos, jaja). Ya verás como te sientes mejor, respirarás mejor, y una buena técnica es que te distraigas la atención con esto de las fotos y caminar por ahí, así te vas olvidando poco a poco, te lo dice un casi-psicólogo gafipastas.Muy buena, je je.
Me gustaría ver la contraportada del disco, seguro que los títulos de las canciones también serían muy interesantes, ;-]
Espero que le ganes la batalla al gorila.
Saludos.De verdad que estas fotos NO SON DE TALLER, son de PROFESIONALES... felicidades por tu portada, jjajaja, pareces malo, malísimo, jajajaAy, Javi!!! qué puedo decir, excepto que lo que se te ocurra a ti... en una palabra: UNICO!!!... jajajaja... me encanta la saturación de los colores, y la cara de &quot;chacho, tá y cuá pin pan&quot; (lo de chacho es una palabra canaria total... un día te lo explico, jejeje)... 

Muchísimia suerte con lo no andar &quot;smokineando&quot; por ahí...pues das el pego totalmente, vamos que si te veo por la tele ni me entero de que eres tú y me creo que eres una nueva promesa musical.
y lo del tabaco... tú lo has dejado y yo he caído de nuevo en él. si nos cruzamos por la acera estás seguro que quieres que me cambie a la de al lado? mira que llevo un paquete de tabco en el bolso, hahaha ,P
buen día JaviEres un GENIO  Javier Lazaruvskys!!!


Me quito el sombrero y de charro mexicano... que edición tío!Great! I seen this picture on Explore p.24! Congreats!bueno.... que malote!!!!!!
jajajaja
Tienes una cabecita loca, pero bien amueblada.
Te has currado mucho la iluminación y se nota. Espero que por fin empieces a hacer lo que realmente te gusta y como te gusta.
Besitos Javi.hahaha excellent ! 
yo bro, f**k tobacco !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )[http://www.flickr.com/photos/25326051@N04/] Venga, nos tendremos que animar mutuamente, jejeje! Suerte con lo tuyo!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ferendus/] No, el fondo es así, lo que pasa es que la situación de la cámara y la perspectiva le dan un aire raro... Jajaja! El rap es muy suyo, no??

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ruiperdigao/] Tengo que aprender a sacar las fotos mejor sin tanta edición, no? Lo estoy intentando, jajaja!!! Gracias, rui!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/oscarbilbao/] Ya te digo!!!! Tendré que apuntar hacia el gran angular! jejeje!! No lo había pensado....

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mylittlethings/] Na... me compré un paraguas blanco difusor. Un flash, un disparador remoto para el flash y un 2x1 en pies para sujetar el flash y el paraguas. Sólo eso. Según vaya aprendiendo, iré sumando alguna cosita más. :P
 
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/dariodvdb/] Gracias!! A mí hay unas cuantas cosas que no me terminan de gustar, pero bueno.... No soy un profesional! Uffff! Necesito mucha distracción!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/palentino_irlandes/] En la contraportada salen las chicas bailando, sabes?? jejeje!! El gorila me está matando!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/velocidadcuchara/] Jajaja! Que no, que tiene un puñao de fallos!! Muchas gracias!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/meripink/] Ah, pues lo de chacho también lo decimos por aquí, jajajaja!es que como no me gusta la poesía...el rap tampoco :-P
yo cosas fáciles, repetitivas...si tampoco me quedaré con la letra jajaja[http://www.flickr.com/photos/okulta/] Vade retro, Satanas!!! jajaja!!! Si vuelvo a caer, me fumo el mundo, jajaja!! Si vienes con la cámara, no te cruces, jejejeje!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/29064894@N06/] Ooooh! Paty!! una foto con el sombrero charro!!!! Jajajaja! Me reí mucho con el nuevo apellido!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/inesvm/] Thanks, Passie!! I didn't know it. I'll tagg this pic :D

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ilovemyblackcat/] Jajaja! loco/amueblado... jejeje!! Muchas gracias, Bea!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/zroom3/] Jaja! Thanks! It's my new &quot;day-to-day&quot; war!jAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAAJAAA
Javiiiiiiiiiii no te reconocía jajajajaa menudo flow jajajajaajaja
que extraño te veo de rapero y veo que últimamente estás que te sales... El flickr te quiere ^^

Yo no cruzaría de acera porque no te tengo miedo.Otro explore chaval... de aqui a nada te llaman las discograficas!!

Un beso!El proximo toca de musica clasica, relajadita, para alejar al gorililla :)
¡Animo, que tu puedes!felicidades otra vez por el explore!!!...muy buena!!(me gusto mas el de Metallica,jeje,es que llevo el rock en la sangre)
si quieres un consejito por lo del tabaco......los libros,chicles,pegatinas,etc......a mi no me sirvieron.La cosa es ponerse &quot;cabezon&quot; con uno mismo,o lo dejo...O LO DEJO!!!...de verdad eh!
Yo me hice una apuesta de una cena con mi mujer porque no me creia y llevo....10 años &quot;limpio&quot;!!!,cabezon a tope,jejeJavier. me gusta, me gusta y me gusta, qué caña!!!:DWoW q estilachoooooooooo!!!
De lo q me he perdido solo en un par de días!!! 
Un besote y mil gracias por tu apoyo : ) Feliz semanaAhora solo necesitas grabar un disco, para completar.
Respecto al tabaco, una decisión estupenda. Siempre hay mejores cosas en que gastar el dinero. :)OMG! me has pegado un susto que ni te cuento, con esa cara de &quot;perro bravo, no pase&quot; :))  -quizá el mismo susto que te pegué en mi galería la otra vez- jajajaja, fascinante trabajo Javi, ya no solo tienes talento fotográfico sino también mucha creatividad publicitaria (eso no está nada mal) esta foto me ha encantado, la actitud que demuestras es sorprendente!!!

Este disco también lo compro :)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/miss_irony/] Jaja!! A que molo!?!? jajajaja!! Ya, ya... no te cruzarías, y encima me echarías el humo al jeto para picarme más... =P jajaja!!! Muchas gracias, Ai!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ladonnabupu2/] Pues no estaría nada mal como ingresos extra.... jejejeje!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/25630367@N08/] ¿Qué hacer con el gorililla?????

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/freddy46/] Jaja! Gracias!! Me acabas de confirmar lo que me temía.... Si algo soy, es cabezota, así que voy a ver si me obstino un rato, jejejeje!! Gracias, Fredy!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/83692614@N00/] Graciasssssss!!!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/differ/] Qué tal estás marianna? Espero que te encuentres algo mejor! Te visito por la galería estos días!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/23278332@N03/] ¿En objetivos, como dice Óscar? jejeje!! Gracias, Raúl! (por cierto, hoy tuve examen de inglés. 20/20!! Soy una máquina!!)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jorgealberto/] Kariiiii!!! Después de ver tus selfies, me tengo que aplicar para alcanzar el nivel, jajajaja!!! Si tu te disfrazaste de Virgencita, me voy a disfrazar yo de Angelito, jejejejeje!!!! Ahora en serio, tus últimas fotos me están encantando y sorprendiendo!!! Muchos besossss!Ostrassss, un tipo duro!! qué miedo, brrrr. Jajaja. Está genial, como foto, y como portada. ;P¿Virgencita? jajajajajajajaja 
¿Angelito? jajajajajajajajaja

;)

Una preguntita curiosa, ¿también te gusta el hip-hop o es solo para la tarea?Llegue muy tarde, pero mas vale tarde que nunca!! Buenisima foto Javi, te digo que tu eres buenisimo para crear personajes y escenografias.  

Me da mucho, mucho gusto lo de tabacoless. Buena suerte!
~A[http://www.flickr.com/photos/findthemagic/] Cuidadín, un tío chungo y botijero, que es peor, jejejeje!!!! =P Gracias!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/jorgealberto/] Jejejeje! No me gusta demasiado, sólo algunas canciones sueltas... Fue más por la tarea...

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/rios-enriquez/] Da igual si llegas tarde! Tus comentarios siempre son recibidos con los brazos abiertos, jeje! Muchas gracias!Me encanta el procesado de la foto, tu ropa parece parte de un comic! Los árboles están geniales y la torre eléctrica tiene su puntazo!

Ya verás que esto de dejar de fumar no es tan maloJajaja!! Carme, te has puesto la foto de la patirrota, jajajaja!!! 
Muchas gracias!! Es un hdr, con toques de edición de colores. La verdad es que quedó así de marcada la ropa gracias al flash y al paraguas difusor. Me está gustando el tema iluminación, jejejeje!!

Gracias por los ánimos!!!A stunning sky, the best blue tones ever!COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui wonderful capture!beautiful blue!Really amazing Light &amp; Focus !!*********************************************************************************************

COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui Beautiful ...Lovely sky color tone &amp; clouds formation.
Nice PoV,silhouettes and composition.
Excellent shot as always......Well done my friend !!!
&quot; Have a nice week ahead Yumi  quot;.

This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Post 1 Award 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot; 

Please JOIN US and post this wonderful picture !!!

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 本当だ～。ちょっと埋もれてますね。COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui super shotbeautiful!!!!Superb shot :)Great shot!Wow that is nice, really beautiful picture, nice shot and beautiful image processing
 Greetings from Iceland Beautiful gradation and clouds!Beautiful .....Lovely clouds.
Excellent shot !!!stunning skyscape!wonderful skyline! Great blue sky, a great picture Yumi!beautifulawesomewonderful silhouettelove that blue sky gradient.love the blue skies, wonder  what this should would have looked like in HDR :-).... something else to experiment with perhaps? :-)Beautiful!  Fantastic silhouettesGreat vivid light and scene! I like it!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful sky!きれいな夕暮れですね。富士もきれい。So beautiful clouds !COOL SHOT!!! : seen in :

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui Great shot Yumi!
Wonderful sky and great composition!
Awesome work again. Sugoi! ;)Nice image, I think the large amount fo negative space in the sky works very well....
Nice sky, looks very clean - not like over here in China!

(Seen in My Contacts uploads).Wonderful capture.Great lighting here, the cityscape is great. AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2Amazing composition, beautiful sky.うわーー！Deeeeep Blueeee!!!!!A truly stunning sky... and the silhouette of the Yokohama skyline is fantastic!Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Belle De Contre Jour, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

10Q!

this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 
earth asia (Post 3 give 3 awards)Wonderful!!!

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 SUBARASHI!!!

This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp;
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 Oh wow! I love your new series of mosaic masks! It really looks fantastic! Wanted to do them for years myself ... one of those days...Ooola la.  Gorgeous!Absolutley amazing work, its beautiful :)Just Incredible!!OMG!! this is so amazing!Oh, just gorgeous! So delicate....almost looks like a painting!einfach fantastischStunning!  That could hang on my wall anytime!Stunning ! Wonderful piece !Beautiful work!impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Lovely!Simply stunning...love your work.Cute! Love the red outfit against all the snow! Brrr! Adorable snow covered UGGS too!! Stay warm! HBM!!Cute! Cute! Cute!adorable! great colors &amp; composition! i like the suckers in her hand!I love the combination of white and red ...
Beautiful landscape ..

HBM!love the red white and blue!   love the snow!  i think my dd has the same lollies as her!  LOL  HBM!great composition.. v cute, HBMThis is wonderful. hbm.fabulous shot. I love it! HBM!cute...love it...hbm!!!:)Love the outfit against the snow and the bag in her hand.  HBM!bonito y &quot;fresco&quot; HBM!!!

--
Visto en el grupo&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)love the vibrant reds and blues against the snow, hbm7lwaaaa ;o ♥lovely :)
HBM!!!Super Cute!  
&lt;3 this... HBM!gorgeous!!!! so so love the red pops![http://www.flickr.com/photos/njtphotography/] yes...lollipops...the same ones Cece ate the other day :)cute :)
HBM!!! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Nice composition, loving all the blinding white snow!Love the crop and composition on this- totally sweet!lovin the cute red outfit, her little uggs and the adorable valentine package in her hand!! happy bench monday  xI love her little Uggs and outfit!  Happy Bench Monday!Absolutely perfect!! Love her outfit, the composition, the snow. HBM!love the fistful of lollies, hbm!wonderful colours and composition! i love the little uggs. :)this is so cute.. what a combination of colors.. so lovelyExcellent shotlol, i saw this image and thought &quot;oh it's so gonna make explore&quot; and i see it has already.  awesomeness, great shot! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)aaww!!! the lollipops are the perfect detail!!
Congrats for the explore ;-)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/monalisagrafica/] Thanks :) the lollipops are soooo good too! 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/curiousillusion/] lol . .i like the 
&quot;awesomness&quot; word !

thanks for checking it out all :)  she LOVES her boots...in a few years we can hand them down :)I love this one!!!  Too Cuteso cute!!SO sweet!  Love the colors against the white...and cute Uggs!  HBM!!!  =)Fantastic shot !! So cute :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful + great colorsBrilliant!Such a cute shot....Great composition!Super cute! Great photo :)nice shot :) love the little ugg boots, faveeethe colors are a perfect contrast to all that snow .. very nice.I love your bench shots.  So cute.Fantastic shot! Love the red.What fun this was to create, I can tell! So colorful! Congrats on Explore! Well deserved! And it is actually on a bench!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)thanks so much everyone!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/pixelmama/] ...lol..yes..a real bench! :)  it is actually the same bench I used before :)the colors really pop! hbm..a day latei love her dress! red dresses are so cute :3[http://www.flickr.com/photos/isnotwhatyouthink/] thanks :)  thats her valentines dress..it had a cute heat on the front..I am a bit addicted to Gymboree ;)So cute.  Love just about everything in this photo.  The comp is great and I like the red, white an blue.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)temmmmmmmmmm
tks vì đã send cho e :x
thức khuya cũg có cái lợi hại =))
pic này trông ss baby thế :| nhìn như con nít :D:Dxinh xinh :*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Uniquely Vietnamese girls, and we'd love to have this added to the group! Ann  :  ơ sao lại thanks.đêm khuya đáh thức e chơi vs chị ,chị fiền e mới đúg ;))
.trẻ con k ;)) ,iêu kô??
thật k. đừg làm chị mừk hụt =(((((((((

 Linh Linh  : thanksxinh lắm á . Thích cái chong chóng . Cho ta nhá &lt;3y chang con nít :P 
chút send cho S hình nhá :pLâu quá mới xuất hiện, pé.... khỏe hem.... So great to see your smile!!Pị thýt í :p s zốg k.nít tóa đi :-xe thích cái chong chóng :&quot;&gt;ố ồ hỏi sao chị đánh thức e được =)) thò tay vào màn hình choọc em thức à =))
nhưng mừh trẻ con đâu có lớn zầy :))
cái kia là cái zì zậy chị?ah~ xinh thế :xáo hình con Chuột kìa :*Dễ thương quá :Xchị mặc mát thế ^^
công nhận mí hnay nóng :( ♥♥Titi♥♥: ;)) hì hì.cái chog chóg đó k fải của chuột ,của chuột chuột cũg cho rồi :(



  .Mr.Sean.: ừ ^^~



  Toan Huynh: e vẫn ổn ạ

  CAG1976: i love it :X

  A.ny♥: con nít xì tin = cưg chưa

  h.vy [19.2] my birthday is coming: k thích ng cầm chog chóg à :(


  ~C ♥ H~♫: thanks :X


  Zulala ®: xinh kô :X
 Off :): thanks :X



  Kwon Kend Pyo: ở ngoài HN lạnh lắm à e ? :( zạo này hcm nóg như lửa thiêuDnày quên e r` :(entry buồn mà hình cười tươi nhỡ ;))e fave nhé :x Off :) : ss đâu qên e, nhìn yh địh rủ e đi chụp hìk mà k biết e rãh k chị sợ e bận nên chị chẳg nói T_T

  ♥♡ Vy [3/9/95] ♡♥: hình tươi là cho ngày hôm qua mà :D. còn cái buồn kia 13 ngày nữa sẽ tới :((:((

  Hêu lười* Thanks SO: thoải mái cưg :XDáng đứng Bến Te :-&quot;
Yêu chị tui wa nheee hơm :*Hì :&quot;&gt;á,có ny rồi ta. Úk ty3z &lt;3 : :-L sắp tết r` sao chưa lên nữa hả :-L yêu iéc gì ciểu đấy. plè

  Off :): tết r` vui lên e

  .Msa &gt;3: có lâu rồi mà :O:-s Hic, e đang bị què :| K đi đâu đc hết luônnn :((
Gần Tết mà xui quá :(((sao mà bị qè?thíc cái nụ cười của s' wá |=X|hì :Dthích nốt chứ :&quot;&gt;Chân e bị tét cơ :(
E đang tàn dữ l' luôn :-s
Hic :((((cuoi` toe toe:*:*
i love ur ra(ng :x=))chong chóng đẹp quá chị ơi :(( h.vy [19.2]: nghỉ tết r` tha hồ ăn chiơi nhé :X

  Úk ty3z &lt;3: =;=; ai bảo cái tội k lên thăm chị :-&quot; trời fạt đó 

  MUNBELIEVABLE©2010: :(don't love my smile ??:((So sad

  PK * V.I.Ps *: chị k đẹp à :((chong chóng đẹp là ng cầm chong chóng phải đẹp :-&quot;xih xih :x PK * V.I.Ps *: biết đâu 2 cái đối lập nhau thì sao cưg

  Zulala ®: sao dạo này nàg cứ như mất tíchđâu mà :(( mà cái chong chóng đấy nó kì quá chị :-?đâu, ta vẫn còn sống mà =)) PK * V.I.Ps *: ừ chị k thích chog chóg dó, chị thích chog chóng của chị thôy.:X chog chóg mà chị hay chụp ý 


  Zulala ®: ừ rág sốg mà ăn tết=;=;em cũg thích cái đấy ;))
thế cái này k fải của chị à ?k e , của ngta,đương nhiên rùi nàg, ta còn sống để có dịp vào Nam thăm nàng nhỉ nhỉ :xchị vui tên tí đi, em còn vui chứ :(oa kái chog chóg đệp :x
kả ng` k~ xig :') Zulala ®: hứa đi, nhớ vào

  PK * V.I.Ps *: ơ , chị buồn khi nào :O



  ♫ p¥ ♪ &lt;3 mah life ♫: còn nhớ tới ng` là may r`:(chị k xài icon j j cho vui í :-xhứa hứa :xhì, e chỉ mới chơi thôi, chứ chưa có ăn :p PK * V.I.Ps *:  à tại chị lười chứ có sao đâu 

  Zulala ®: qên đi ta giận nàng luôn ý 

  h.vy [19.2] my birthday is coming: ăn tét xong đừng quên luôn chị đó nhé,Nhớ lì xì chị phát hiện ra bạn này r` nhé!! :&gt;cái ảnh nào của chuột cũng thấy cái chong chóng đó...thick quá :xchà, C tc quá nhé :X:X:Xnếu có thế, e sẽ lì xì chị :p
mà nhớ lì xì lại e :) &gt;&gt;Yea: :O sao sao, Ch sao:O

  DuyK photo ©: đâu làm gì có ảnh nào cũg có chog chóg này , có 2 ảnh thôy mà :(( chog chóg kia của chuột đẹp hơn mà :((

  ♥ Vanh.invisible*♥: vì yêu :&quot;&gt;

  h.vy [19.2] my birthday is coming: okie :&quot;&gt; vào hCM lì xì cho chị rồi lại bay về:Xko lạnh c ạ, cũng hơi nóng 
ôi đến bh e mới biết chị ở HCM nhé :ochứ trc h e tưởng chị ở đâuUầy :O
Nuột :&quot;) ♥ Meo Meo ♥:

  YUNA *: Ặc Yu bị khùn:&quot;&gt;
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/chuotnhockute/]thì thấy đc bạn r`.. từ nay bạn yea sẽ i* bạn Chuột nỳ :&quot;&gt; &gt;&gt;Yea: bạn Ch có làm gì đâu mờh bạn Yea êu chị chuột ;;)
áo cũng hình con chuột ;;)eo ơi :( 3 in 1 ♥ HS Lop 10 [ A.R.T] H.Ly: yêu kô :&quot;&gt;. nhưg nó k fải áo cụa chị &gt;:),áo chị chụp cho shop.

 h.vy [19.2] my birthday is coming: hả :O sao eomua nó đi chị;;)
c. mặc hợp mà;;)nhưg mà chị k thích ;))hok thích thì đành chịu:=)chong chóng đẹp, à làm wen chị nha ! :P 3 in 1 ♥ HS Lop 10 [ A.R.T] H.Ly: ;)) hí hí

  ♂•-•[M]r.[β]¥И14•-•♂: ủa sao bík lớn tủi hơn mà ciu chị hayn zạhihi thấy nhìu trong fickr của C ý ;))cho chóg  kia mới nh` chứ.:| tại cái kia của ch .yêu thế cô ơi :xrứa bạn lớp mấy rồi, ở đâu. mình lớp 9 ~~ Heopossible ♥: êu nhièu hông

  ♂•-•[M]r.[β]¥И14•-•♂: kêu chị thì đúg r` :D ý là sao biết lớn tủi hơn mà kiu thui,Ch lớp 11tươi :*thế tiền đâu e vào :(Huhu, cái tuần đó e định là t7 cúp tiết lên đó, mà ai dè t5 nó bị què :(( LihZô * ♥... Tự kỉ T.T: thanks e 

  h.vy [19.2] my birthday is coming: :&quot;&gt;pa má 

  Úk ty3z &lt;3:chị zựn  e lunThui mờk, đừng giận mờk, yêu n` mờk :*hí hí ^^ hp nhoa ^^ lun lun hp như vậy nha C ^^chi o~ da nang~ ha~ Úk ty3z &lt;3: zận gồi, bo xì luôn

  ßlµë_†îñî: ^^ ừ cảm ơn Ni 

  ♂•-•[M]r.[β]¥И14•-•♂: k chị ở HCM, sao e lại hỏi chị ở Đà Nẵg ?:&quot;&gt; e mà vô đc là e vô luôn rxin pa má cho vào đi,8-&gt; ở miễn fí , ăn uốg tự lo =),tại chị ăn uốg thất thườg nên k dám lo khoản ăn uốg ;))hè e vô =)) nhan nhanHuhu, thôi mà, đừng giận mà, chị thíc kẹo gì, mốt lên e mua cho :Dnhiềuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu :***************************************************** iu tui hông :&quot;&gt;واو
من نورش رو خيلي دوس دارم
اينكه داخل تاريكه و اون ور روشن واقعا زيبا شده
رنگهاش و هم دوس دارم ولي كادرش  رو نه 
:)
شعر هم زيباست
موفق باشي و شاد
فعلا
:)MerC  :) ... kadresho az koja dus dashti?تا کجا حادثه را دفن کنم
-
چه جمله جالبی
چه خوب
نور عکس رو دوست دارم
کنتراست روی پاها رو هم دوست داشتم
با کادر عمودی موافق ترم یا کادری کمی بسته تر...دیوار سمت چپ رو دوست ندارم
رنگ ها هم بی نظیرننور عكس فوق العاده ست !
شعر هم عاليه !
چقدر دوس دارم كه نور خورده تو موهاش
و دامنش كه تكون خوردهفضای عکس خیلی عالیه
فیگور مدل و رو به نور بودنش محشره
ترکیب بندی میتونست بهتر باشهHi, I'm an admin for a group called نقد و بررسی عکس, and we'd love to have this added to the group!فضای عکس عالیهan outstanding work. a great light and feel. well done.عجب جایی اینجا
خیلی عکس خوبیه
فضای عکس و حس مدل رو دوس دارمتصویر بسیار زیبایی شده
نور خیلی جالبی هم داره
نوشته های روی دیوار هم به زیبایی کار کمک فراوانی کردن
فقط کاش روی این دیوار بلوکی نزدیک هم نوشته بودعالیه این عکس
حس را به خوبی القا میکنهGreat capture of the liftoff!Excellent shot!Nice shot.Breathtaking shot!!!!The local CBS news featured my photo!

I've been invited to the launch of STS 132 and need to decide if I can justify spending the £1000 or so on the trip from the UK...looks worth it!Great shot!I wish I had your access for some of those space shuttle photo opportunities.  Super shot and awesome details.great shot!very impressive...!your pinhole images are wonderful!masterly, love your alignment of the horizon with the top rail : )Great composition.nice, with the sensation of lengh of the pier!Sue, these are brilliant!fantastic b&amp;w and excellent composition!Great composition Sue.Love it Sue... we should meet up at this pier next time! 
Hope your week is going well :-)..wow, very nice shot !!Thanks everybody!
Jo - sure!  Then we can have fish and chips for dinner round at Sandgate :)Wow i like the pier shots!Great pinhole series !!!Brilliant image! Congrats!nice shot!wonderful perspective!yes!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Like a movie in black and white, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great shot!sensacional!Great composition!!!Wonderfully composed and executed!  I like how those boards direct our eyes to the building at the end of the pier.

rtyou are rocking the pinhole.impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Great shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Natural Landscapes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful lines + light...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parée Erica's Texture Extravaganza, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful composition, love the title. Thanks for showing me    :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called GhostWorks   Comp#3 **VOTE NOW** Vote by Feb 10, 5am US EST, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks Parée :)Lonliness, beauty, decay, texture...all expertly melded.  Very nice work.nice workWhat an amazing photo!!!......beautifully composed and processed!!!Nice work, has an 'old' feel to it, which suits itBeautiful work Cindy.....such a mood you have set with this oneWow!  You do such nice work.the look of an old postcard...with an unlikely subject. nice:)wonderful colours &amp; great light
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Love this - especially today ... exactly how I'm feeling ! beautiful image -Lovely Autumn colours.
I like how the encroaching trees are reclaiming &quot; their ancestors&quot; the wooded structure, mother nature recycling.Good morning and thanks everyone!Wow...this is a fantastic pic and treatment Cindy.....such softness....;-)Beautiful tones and texture work! I love the title...Love the feel in the trees....so painterly. 
This Original Artwork Was Seen In:


Texture SquaredLooks very beautiful!
Quite soft.This has such a delicious color to it.  Wonderful!
This Original Artwork Was Seen In:


Texture Squared


Please tag the photo with: &quot;Texture Squared&quot; Beautiful work Cindy :)Superb!
~admired in~
GhostWorksoh wow amazing mood!Thanks so much everybody!Great texture and tones! It has such a vintage feel to it! I love your crop suggestion. Thank you so much Robb for your all help with this. Thank you too!Deftly composed scene with treatment that emphasizes the starkness  I do like the crop suggestion.
Morris&lt;3I was totally thinking of doing something like this, because I recieved a set of candy hearts from hereSeriously? I saw those, and that's why I wanted to do my own. Bahahaha.It was a Christmas gift from my future Brother-in-law.  Because he loves me and likes me to despair in my loneliness.  :Dthe colored eyelashes are sweet! pun?
love it, great job.
I'm tempted to ask you how you get everything to stick to your face? lolElmers glue. And yes, it hurts.(You should try peanut butter!)ouch. thats hardcore dedication right there. Bravo.Haha, always.ahh the veins in your eyes!
love your expression with the words on the hearts, hannah's got a tudeeeee hahaI love this! Those candy hearts are awesome.haha yee this is soo amazing!

FAVE IT!The colors, your eye lashes, the words on the heart, everything is so awesome!  I love it!Great colours, creative work!the colors and the concept. I love you.
haha :) in a non creepy way that isAwesome coloursooh...looks good enough to eat...hehe

which glue do i use? i use eyelash glue...Love the contrast of darks and brights. Beautifully done. Glue does hurt a tad but it gets the job done. Think of it as a skin exfoliate lol.lol i swear we think on the same wavelength. i was again just pondering a shot similar to this. I LOVE the twist you threw in with the negative sweetheart messages. Perfect!!

Sorry your head hurts hunny, hopefully you are feeling better soonFantastic and just a little bit sweet :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)this is just brilliant!the colours are so pretty! i lovee the stuff written on the hearts :paww so cute, i love this and love all the writing on the sweethearts.You must have the patience of a zen monk... Awesome setting and make-up!great work.Amazing!! I love this photo.  You always come up with the best photo ideas.  :)fav fav fav fav fav!!!! this is amazing!!!!very successfulLove the idea behind this! Very colorful and interesting to look at!thanks (:amazing!! Gorgeous colors and lights and concept. Really funny :D love the candy hearts. Also migraines suck(just stating the obvious hah), I'm sorry :/ that's dedication right tharr
Anyways, automatic favorite, thanks for...uhh...being awesome :)This is CRAZYYY awesssssome !!!!!!!!!!!!!the color is amazing and I love those hearts on your forehead, I must find some like that hahaI love how the hearts on your forehead aren't your typical i love you blah blah blah crap. Great photo!(:Holy McMoly I am in love with your face and all the candies on it!

Waah!Wow, I love the vivid colours, they are wonderful!omg, this is wayyyy too awesome!did you acutely stick all this candy in your face!? now thats commitment.

great photoadded to my favourites pics
I love itI love this, the colors are just amazing and the detail &amp; colors you put into this is amazing also,Thanks!&lt;3now that's SWEET :-)Hold that bottle!!! Don't let it fall and splatter all over the cute cute cute socks!!!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)haa! i love you, ya wench!Loove the bottle! Don't spill!awww!  love this and those socks rock!lol! happy bench monday.HBM!

You almost need a candelabra there too hahawhy yes, I'd love a glass or 3. HBM!and you say you have no balanceYou are too damn cute. And I love that wine!lol happy Bitc... uh i mean bench monday ... love itLove it! HBM!haha - great - what kind of wine is that with that cute pink label?BITCH wine!  yeah, baby.i hope that bottle didn't fall!Love it!  Pour me a glass.Great Socks!hbm!! love, love, love.livin' on the edge, I see. HBM, Cindy!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)those socks are sooo cute!!cool socks! mmmm!Love the socks...want your calves.  ;-)cool love the socks and the wine :)Cute socks!  HBM!!!  =)ha! awesome! you're inspiring me to join in on the mondays...HWM !Knee highs and red wine - cool shot! Don't lose the bottle!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)lol... bench plus wine = perfection :)haha love itha ha! you rule.ha, hilarious, i have absolutely no idea what this &quot;pun&quot; refers to but its funny!Splendid, Cynthia! – the precariously balanced bottle of wine make me slightly nervous! :))Awesome socks...I would have knocked the bottle off and broke it, spilt the glass of wine and twisted my ankle if I tried this shot.  I give you a perfect 10 for degree of difficulty...hahathe wench on the bench! so cute!wow that bottle is teetering! I have no idea how you even got up there! Awesome shot!&quot;wench monday&quot;  Girl, you are amazing.  Did I hear that you're seeing someone in Richmond?I have that bottle!  I hate red wine, but I had to have it!Those are some cute-ass socks! And I think I recognize that bottle of wine - it's pretty good!! HBM! yes, I was there last weekend; flippin' blizzard and all! we need to meet - are you going to the DC Meetup in March?  I'll be there.

 They need to make a white varietal.  For sure.Great idea and shot!!!In the blizzard!  Bwahhhaaa!  Yes, we do need to meet.  I'm not going to be in DC but maybe you could shoot me an E next time you're here and we could hit a Starbucks or something!Cropped version-- what do you think?



love them both!Love them both too  and its   nice to see your shadow on the first  : ))Good morning, kids--hope you sweethearts have
a great day (you too Louise)!So pretty! I love the original...shows the male female difference!Cute couple :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Both are wonderful imagesnice capture of beautiful dogs...both versions are beautiful
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I like the full version better but they are simply such good puppies!prefer un croppedLovely morning light illuminating their sparkling white coats.I think they are beautiful and so cooperative for you and your camera.
i prefer uncropped-environmental portraits.lovely dogs, there is a man where i live has one that is 6 months old and a beauty, i will try and get a shot of him so you can have a look at him.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Very nice, two cuties :)
 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.awww they're so poofalicious ! ; )) xoxVery cool image... Great color.....They are so sweet! I like both versions although I think I would have left just a little more room on the left side of the cropped image!beautiful dogsExcellent shot.  It's all about the light and you captured it beautifully.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)A great way to start your morning!  Great pix!I like these puppies!Very Very BeautifulThey just look exquisite against the lush green!Very nice...I like the uncropped version!Well, there are some issues with the uncropped version, IMO.  Like your shadow attempting to get their attention.  Of course, Lisette is the wise one at this time of morning.

Your other possibility would be to just cloan it out and remove a tad of the not needed area.  If something doesn't add to a photo, it should be removed.Beautiful shot!Lovely pair of poodlesThey are looking so wonderful ;) Too cute ;) Happy Days my friend :) CarBeautiful dogs!
 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.Very pretty spoos.Prefer the original .. like to see the complete body posturesSweet shot of the two of them! I like both versions, closer up is nice, but then your shadow is gone. Seen at #337 in Explore.
A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.




--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)who should walk your dogs??
serious clouds here! :)Your dogs are the best and they love having their picture taken!!!Ah, they are ready to begin the day.  Congrats on Explore!!beautiful photo....great contrast and colorThis is so wonderful picture! your poodle's are sweeties this picture deserve his place on Explore. Congratulated whit itLike them both .....  beautiful, beautiful dogs :o))cute dogs!Gorgeous Spoos, i like the full version.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )A beautiful pair, great shot

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wooooooooooow!!! fav! Beautiful colors!







I just made this picture (above) public...I just realized that it is my favorite and I should have made it the Bench Monday shot, but it's too late now!!!:)  I think I looked at them too long and they started running together!!!!!:)

OMG soo sooo cutehahaha i love allll of them!!
super idea!!very sweet, love your colours! hbm.oh so cute!  love the colors.this is wonderful :) soooo adorablee!Terrific worl all you have done!
you got gorgeous pics! I love the cold vibrant tones!
HBM!these are all terrific!! happy bench monday  xthese are all so adorable! HBM!!awww cute!  love the one of M with the glasses.  

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)adorably cute beyond words!  hbmlove it and you are totally excused for no bench! HBM anyway!!! : )adorable!! I really like the next to last one with the balloon tied around her ankle with her  knees bent. CUTE!!!!!!!i love the outtakes, love the balloons tied to her, adorableomg the 3rd in comments should be ULed alone this week for V-day!!! 
so much sweetness + fun in this bench! nom! you have 2 adorable little benchers there! ; ) HBM!You got some cute shoes!

HBM!awesome shoes!!!  adorable girls.♥All shots are so fun.  Love these.  HBM!Adore each and everyone of of them.... HBMaww its still adorable and worthy of an HBM!!  the outakes are too cute.LOVE these!!!  Great Valentines Day shots!  hbmohmygosh margrett!! they are SO precious!! i LOVE these shots! :)Hee!

I love all the fun takes!cute!Adorable ... love those Valentine's colors - so super sweet!super super cute!Hahaha... such fun! adorable...

HBM!!hbm.
Lovely shots!Adorable!  
HBM!!!!!Oh my gosh, I love all of them!! How fun and silly!! Love the Adidas with the heart on them! HBM!!*giggles* I love the outtakes. HBM!So cute! hbm!very cute... HBM!Adorable!  Love the outtakes! HBM!lol. these are so sweet..I love the outtakes as much as the actual shot..
HBM!!!que tierna la imagen es como tierna mushas saludos :D!This is so....adorable!HBM!!!=)Oh wow! Those are so, so, so cute! Those outtakes really crack me up!!! HBM!Just wanted to say thank you for the comment and thanks for joining the group :) You have a great stream and can't wait to see some of your pics in the group.So cute!  The outtakes are wonderful!!  HBM!!HBM, these are great! THanks for you comment &amp; love all these vday colors!! Great shot and adorable stream!HBM Margrett.. these are all super cute.. any one of them could stand alone as a single upload! Such fun shots for our Bench Monday group! Happy Bench Monday, Girl!... :o)very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Super duper cute and happy! HBM!Awwwwwwwww =) How cute!
{I see your baby girl is the same age as my baby girl!}
Thanks for the comment on my first bench mondayawww...just too cute!  Looks like so much upside down and balloon around the ankle fun!  Great colors, they're all adorable.  hbm!So so adorable, your kids are so sweet:-) HBM!!!!Ok these are WAYYY cute.  I love the little one's facial expression.  It's ok if you don't have a &quot;bench&quot;.  I'm sure I've been stretching my benches a bit lately.  :)  HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Darling, all of them! HBM!who needs a bench when you have super cute shoes?!  hbm!Cuteness, love the colors and the shoes!! HBM!!They're all amazing! So, so cute!!
HBM!Really love one!!! 
Seen in Explore. Congtas!Haha!  Love them all!!!Super cute!  Love it and those are some of my favorite nieces!  =)  HBM!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!So cute! :)Beautiful!Margrett... came back to say..

 Congrats on Explore!

Explore #193 Bench Monday-Valentine's Day Style
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/30914169@N08/4340005843]

Nice work, my friend!...:o)awW this is so adoreable!!VISIT MY FLICKR:

www.flickr.com/grippabru

*-*so sweet..
great light!great shot! 
congrats on explore :)oh sooo joyful!!! how come i miss this!!! AMAZING SHOT!!!! :))super cuteAll of them are amazing and adorable.  Love the sneakers.  So very sweet.Ooo, looking forward to seeing this!Really great stuff! 

Gah, it's been forever since I've had alphabet soup.:)let them eat cake :)Oh Woah! Love This.. i noticed let them eat cake hahahaha love itI'm excited for this new series :Dthis looks like it is going to be interesting!!totally awesome! i love it!Wow.  You are so talented.  I love this.Glad you're back!Hidden in alphabetical DIS-order?Very nice! I'm excited to see what you come up with.love this.. so cool.luv this! :]Absolutely love this!!!!!!!!!Hmm... I think I just might try out this project sometime, too.

You portrayed this brilliantly. :)This is neat.  I'm looking forward to seeing this project :DVery nice!

Congratulations! This photo won its 3Way Challenge unanimously!
Please post it to the 3Way Pool.This is so clever! I love the atmosphere it has, and the hidden message is brilliant.I love this. Really great work.Lovely concept and capture!So awesome.
Yes, new flickr project!
I've thought of doing the alphabet project... but I have too many things going on right now.  365 takes up so much time. x_xThis is great ... what a shot ..!Beautiful bird, nice detail and color.This is a fantastic shot indeed... Great work and lucky you... :)Beautiful bird capture!Nice Job!
This really is a fine image!

 Friends of a FeatherFantastic! Perfect timing and what a gorgeous bird!Crisp and lovely colours.Awesome... 
Perfect shot.Wow....razor sharp image...arre waa...Oh my my..superb shot. 
I like those details, crisp!You take nice photos!This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/Beautiful ..Thank you everybody for the appreciation :-)
@Subin : Yes really lucky ...fantastic shot , well timed, in focus . nice colours and a great composition.Awesome Sir.. really a dream shot :)Gorgeous in flight capture !!What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Wow, good shot. Real colours and sharpness.Congratulations Deepak, it's a fantastic shot!Wow! What a stunning image!Beautiful colors!  Awesome!That is a cracker Steve, love the green colour on the valley floor, the heather in the foreground.

Excellent

ps..you found another archive;)i have to mate :)Surely Beautiful POV an capture, colours, clouds, water.......everything looks superb !!!Wowi a cracker Steve, superb work from foreground to background , the colours in the grass and heather the fields on the valley floor the clouds..... stunning landscape shot mate.

BrianReally great capture, nice works!!Full of colour and drama Steve and slomo water thrown in. Champion stuff.Lovely picture mate. gives the impression that the water on the left is the feed for the lake at the bottom. Great stuff!Its a beautiful part of theworld we live in and you show it off so well.  Vivid vista that draws you inYou cant get any better than this, a tremendous shot.Stunning!wow, that is a really wonderful shot there Steve great composition, great lighting!  the foreground heathers and the distance sky full of vibrant colours.

extremely nicely taken,

andyI really like that creek winding all the way down.  Nice to get great visibility to see the view, but still have some semblance of a storm.  Perfect shooting conditions, I'd say.How did this escape for so long,it's a stunner Steve excellent work buddy.That is gorgeous, great angle to shoot from. Looks wonderful.You go from strength to strength. A classic!that is truly beautiful!What a vista that is! What a cool difference in the colour of the moutains...browns and reds in the foregroud and greens in the background! Awesome!excellent colours and good line of the stream leading to the lake (Buttermere I presume)Just great balanced light in this shot.  Wonderful mix of colors, and I really like to see that rush of water peaking out from the vegetation.  Great work!Sweet river shots lately.  This one is fantastic.  Love how that water flows right into that gorgeous view.g o r g e o u sLovely processing and stunning views, the clouds on the top of the fells are awesome!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?²ˣ)I like this Steve, those strong colours remind me of the Velvia and the small waterstreams guides us in to the image...nice, very nice, love those colours.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely picture, the clouds and the water.Stonking colours and great cloud oh how I miss it!A beautiful vista and equally wonderful capture!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!This is the tipical pic that I would put in the backround of my PC and that I would never stop to admire.

Love this pic :)
ciaoAwesome view Steve, and great DoF as well. Love the attention to details you give to each image. Great shot!Amazing capture.on the third day there was cloud ... and it was good

love the heather and the stream tumbling down the slope as well, wonderfulIt's like an Eden !Beautiful shotPretty colors! HBM!Awesome...I love your Bench Mondays sooo much!  I also LOVE these boots!that is fabulous!  HBM!So nice!!! And I love the shoe(s)!
HBM!:) great fashion!!!!
HBMgorgeous fashion shot with a great song choice, hbmwwwooowww

awsome

a piece of artGreat colours....HBM!Cool green boot &amp; I love hat boxes!  You have a great collection!  HBM!!I love this pic... and the shoes ;)Ohhh!  I like it!beauitufl hat boxes - great soft colours!! happy bench monday  xHBM! Hat boxes come in so many fun patterns and colorsBeautiful HBM!!!love the french blue and all the fun prints.  hbm!Very fun shot! Beautiful colours!very cool Bench Monday!  Wow, what boots!  HBM!love the colors! and those boots!! LOVE!So fancy!  Love the boxes and boot!  HBM!!!  =)Love it!What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.nice shot 
fav sure
    
بدالك الف وتعرفني!!wirkt super-plastisch,
gut gemacht!!!stunning composition and treatment.Beautiful texture, love the colours!beautiful and elegantBeautiful work!!So beautiful--those colors are superb!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Gorgeous!!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)oh was fuer ein wundervolles bild! die farbtoene, der fokus, die textur... wirklich wunderschoen!Excellent texture work ...Amazing ..have a nice night..Brava Nila Elegant shotsplendid colors!tolle texture und super schärfeverlauf!beautiful image, such subtle texture really niceNice work.So Nice ~!Very beautiful,lovely work Nila !!!endlich mal wieder warme ruhige Farben...ich seh bald nur noch grau-grau. Danke!Excellent work..!!Molita!Beautiful image..!What beautiful artistry. Love this gentle little gemWow!! Very delicate.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe About you - P1/C2 Sweeper -just 2 days pls VOTE!, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Thk for all your comment!Beautiful worck
Belle photo  i love itLovely flower,super texture/colour and detail.totally awesome picture, great mood and excellent DOF!
--


--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Vraiment très joliesuch beauty =)AwesomeWow...Thank's Nila for sharing and nice comments..interessante Textur
LG

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Erstklassige Arbeit!! Bewundere Deine Kreativität!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Wow gorgeous flower! Very nice colorsSuch a beautiful flower shot! I love the texture!! Great shot! :DGreat work! congratsbeautiful ...very very nice!!beautiful work. i love how you've used the texture here! the tones are perfectVery lovely work.. wow.very nice.Brilliant capture my friend!  thanks for the visit:-)This just rocks. Incredible texture work.Wonderful image. You just inspired me. Thanks for dropping by ;-).

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fantastico tratamiento !!!!!Schöner und sinnvoller Einsatz von Textur!Wow! This is awesome. The texture work is outstanding.Oh this is lovely!  The texture of this image is fabulous.  Truly exceptional work!

MikeNice composition and texture ,Great work.no , this is stunning .beautiful moodthis is so beautiful, thanks for your visit!étonnante photo ! stuning shot !!
bery beautiful texture and I like colors !!!!
a fave for me !!!

well done Nila :)So soft and beautiful!Gorgeous textures, congrats!Beautiful capture &amp; lovely work!!! Thank you !!!toller Schärfenverlauf!
Sehr schön farbig!
in Lichtblick in dieser Jahreszeit!Awesome &amp; nice texturesO NIIIIIIIIcE 

LIKE ITHi, Nila.
Wow this is really nice work, like the textured added and the soft tones.Merveilleuse et si Belle

DomiBeautiful. 
Great dof.Wonderful work, great DOFstunning shot, great treatment.
Thanks for visiting my photostream
SueThats a great picture. Lovely details and textures. 
Thank you for passing by my stream...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)love this single petal......gorgeous! very pretty processing, great textures!interesting textures!  Thanks for your comments! Lindavery beautiful !Bellissima!!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??A beautiful macro of this lovely purple and yellow flower  in the dim light :) 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful post production. it looks like a painting.it&quot;s wonderful
Fantastic colour and composition . tender and charming.....!!!wonderful work!Beautiful colours and soft textures Nila.So beautiful - love the colour tones.Wonderful shot!  Love the focus on the edge and the DoF, and lovely coloursfantastic composition and tones... ;-)
I love it!nice captureWow This is a brilliant image.Thank you for sharing Nila..!!Excellent photo...I love your texture work!Nice focus.Nice DoF.  I love the focus on the edge of the pedal.amazing workamazingWow this is gorgeous!!Excellent capture,Very beautiful .. I love this too ..
Really wonderful .. Amazing colorsBeautiful!great focus+++Beautiful and pleasing images !!!Awesome captureawww, so cute - loving Jack's baggy trousers!I love thisLovely processing!  They're practically the same size!!!!!!!!this is just so lovely V and I love the processingVery cutegreat fun,tone is perfectLovely!oh bless them!sooo cute. excellent tones. almost sepia.So cute!  Love those stripy trousers.Both in their PJs still bless 'em - I do love Jack's, they're so flipping cute :-)how sweet, very cute kids.. love how you process your imagesI must learn how to make that fake bokeh! Cute little ones.Che scatto favoloso !!!wow! che meraviglia! sembra un tuffo, complimenti sinceri!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato My Selfish Room (invited images only). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Uno spettacolo al quale ci hai abituato, Ross. Ancòra non trovo tuoi rivali in questo genere di scatti. Hkvam, forse...
Sei un punto di riferimento per questo genere di fotonaturalismo.Fantastic catch - perfect timing
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Io avevo già avuto l'onore di vederla come foto della settimana sul sito di Fotografia Reflex; grande Ross!

ok che tu con i gabbiani ci parli .... ma come diavolo fai ?!bella già di suo per lo scatto incredibile secondo me.. hai fatto un lavoro in post molto piacevole.. a volte mi chiedo se stai delle ore ad aspettare l'attimo o se fai un'infinita serie di foto per prenderne uno giusto.. no scherzo :) brava Ross davvero!!che splendido momento! 
complimentoni!Perfect title. What an amazing shot.grandisssssssssiiiiiiiimmmmmaaaaaaaaaa  Foto..........BrunoStupenda!!!!!!!!Semplicemente meravigliosa.si vola spesso alto ... dalle tue parti ;-)beccato!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato FOTOWOW (SOLO FOTO INVITATE- INVITED PHOTOS ONLY ). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Un tempismo fantastico !!!Ellapeppa!!!!
Bella!!!Fantastic shot!!!stupenda veramente!!! Ci piace!!bellaCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato NATURALMENTE - Fotografo del mese : Alfvet. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.molto bella!Molto bella questa immagine. Bella la luce in mezzo alle ali.Very nice capture!!!!!!Ciao Rossella come stai? Questa foto è bellissimaLa perfezione.Ma che bel lavoro Rossella! Un vero angelo!

Grazie della simpatica visita e felice serata.
CIAO, ninin.Davvero meravigliosa!!
Complimenti...Bellissima!!! Straordinari cattura amica mia :-))Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Flights of Fancy Forever (Invited photos only). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Splendida!!!Che spettacolo, sembra veramente un angelo, bravissima!!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Foto dell'anima.. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.stupendo scatto, hai colto l'attimoCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato The Neighborhood Ecologist. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Ya Gotta Start Somewhere..(See the new Front Page Photo winners). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Do you think your photo is good enough for our Front Page? Post it into our pool then check out this thread for Front Page entries. &lt;a href=&quot;Do you think your photo is good enough for our Front Page? Post it into our pool then check out this thread for Front Page entries. 
Here
Your photo must be posted in this thread to be considered in the  votingUna cattura che è una meraviglia!ma come hai fatto! :)spettacolo!!!!!!!!!Great shot, well captured.Complimenti per Explore Rossella!

Felice giornata.
CIAO, ninin.Bell bella a me trasmette quasi una sensazione di salto in lungo.... proiettarsi in avanti....bellissima posizione, stupenda foto

complimenti anche per exploreMa sono io che mi inchino davanti a tanta bellezza!!! ciao bravissimaWOW! Uno scatto veramente stupendo! oserei dire perfetto!visto in Foto dell'anima
Heavenly!una grande emozionebello come sbircia fra le ali!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Excellent!What an awesome shot!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??non è possibile fare meglio!!!
Complimenti  foto da concorso
pastorinoHai colto un momento favoloso!! Anche i colori sono davvero molto molto belli!! complimenti!!great timing!spettacolare...una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

Cherry on top! Photography
Your photograph is the cherry on top! We would love for you 
to show it off in our group www.flickr.com/groups/cherryontopGorgeous pink
WowWhat a beautiful portrait .ganda talaga ng mga model mo Manny kung alam ko lang talaga ang hilig ko noon na kurso sana naging photographer na lang ako..sayang!!ganda ng lips nya hearth!Great shot. Love the combination of colors in the foreground and the background. Lovely composition and model.nice flowery dress..Lovely portrait !Gorgeous model and excellent portrait!nice looking model..
great shotnice shotnice shot sir! hindi ka nauubusan ng magandang model! agency ka ba ng model sir? malufet!gorgeous!Very very Beautiful &amp; lovelyOutstanding shot, wonderful composition.
Excellent job!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Awesome ,beautiful portrait .Beautiful well taken  Excellent composition

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful portrait sir
lovely lipsCongrats on Explore !!!Amazing portrait :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 美和藝術  Beauty and Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very beautiful model and lighting. Well done!Very nice as usual.lovely model and portrait. you know how to pick em.Very beautiful.Ganda Sir!kakainggit mga models mo sir :-)
ganda ng skin tone. ganda ng ngiti
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )nice shotawesome natural light shotgreat compo! colors are amazing! lovely model! great shot sir!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Beautiful portrait.gorgeousness!Amazing beauty!  Great work as always Manny!love it!lil half dead hahanice..!safari tag is freshwow!Unusual crop which leaves you just wanting to see more....lovely contrast between rock and water Andrew.Interesting rocks and water!
I will look forward to to results of you future visits!your efforts paid off nicely with this!Nice, I bet that would work well in B+W.Superb detail in the rocks.Awesome!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I can feel the force of the waterFantastic textures and exposure, well done mate.Some great rock colour and patterns, looks great against that white wash of waterFantastic shot , beautiful flowof milky water!Lovely shot -great texture and movementNice shot Andrew !
as Brian said the detail in
the surrounding rock is
amazing !Love the detail! Really great shot xxDon't think i could come up with a better title myself. Some interesting lines.Very beautiful capture ! CongratsI love the milky water and the patterns on the rocks. Great contrasts.I like the crop on this image, fabulous detail &amp; exposure!!

I keep meaning to visit Lumdale, having seen this shot, I must put it higher up list.

Excellent work!!Beautiful combination of the white frothy water and the black rocks !!OHhh Sooo nice!! Andy!  I so get these now!  lol!  I love how the rocks have the wet look &amp; are glistening!this is just beautiful....wonderful texture on the rocks and beautiful exposure on the waterbeautiful!!Brilliant shot!!the rock formation is so nice..
exposure is fantastic...
I really can learn from U Bro...hope U can give me your constructive commetns for my improvement..:)Very beautiful textures, congratulations!Great Great work..Rather nice I thought.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot
i love itGod dam... One day i wanna take a photo like this..Wonderful details, well composed!
Have a nice week!beautifully done!Beautiful, curves in the rock, fab shot Andrew :))Great composition and exposure...amazingly, I've never taken my camera here, which is daft when I think of how close it is

love the striations - great title by the way - the darkness is greatI did think actually Lee that I should have contacted you to ask if you wanted to join me but my intended destination was Malham cove near Settle. The weather made me change my mind and I thought of here instead.Nice movement, textures and perspective.let me know when you're thinking of going next

once i get this next show out of the way, i should have a little more time on my hands, we must meet upAbsolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Photo group_ Other photo  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Other erotism y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.great pic...soft.Bella e creativa !!!a marvelous image.Lovely light!!!!BreathtakingVery soft n romantic, but with ur characteristic edge. Another keeper!creamyHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Image Gallery !!! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Amazing !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;great art work...;)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?).hi sandra blau,

super work, congratulation !



best wishes from berlin, andreasbello il taglioa fantastic angel.No encuentro palabras para expresar la belleza de esta foto.Grandiosa!!!!!!!!!!!!Seen in ~~~Beyond the SeaHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Flickr Top Ten - Invited Members Only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Maravillosa!!!oooo very nice!! : )
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )A fallen angel. Brilliant light.Soft and beautiful! An excellent piece of work!

You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerStunning treatment and image!Fantastic work !Realmente magica!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado x-treme  -  photographic experiments y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Lovely!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado My heart profoundly fluttered, my soul's eye grew clear... y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Representation is to Art as War is to the State y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado [The Spot] y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.angelic.Wonderful work.
Seen in 
Representation Is To Art As War Is To The State
www.flickr.com/groups/1092839@N23/vanillasweet,Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ~Hail Freedonia!~  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Great processing!!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Hierophanies in the Hesychastic Plenum y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

as an angelHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado **Oneiromancy** y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Espectacular. Enhorabuena y un saludo.Hermoso paisaje Marian, Saludos cordiales, besos.
Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Y digo yo : ¡¡  Perdón !!, .........¿ desde qué puerto ?  saludicos 
&gt;wow, que  percioso  paisaje  marian  , me gusta, que tengas  una bonita tardeMuy bonito el paisaje y , sobre todo la profundidad de esas nuves en la lejania, me gusta, como se llama ese pueblo que esta hay abajo, tienen que estar helados de frio.

Un saludo.Bonito encuadre y preciosos paisaje.     Saludos.Muy bonita imagen de nieve. Me gusta por que esta compaginada con otros colores. Lo unico me da que tira un poco a azul.

Besos
--
Vista en mi p&aacute;gina de inicio de flickr. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)IMPRESIONANTE!!!!
Un beso.Un paisaje precioso y que bien controladas las sombras y las altas luces. Siempre sorprendiendo con unos trabajos de gran calidad.

Saludos.Bonitos azules, Marian.
Un saludo.Que buena te quedo esa postal invernaluna maravilla, los colores, la compo, la profundidad, vamos que de pasada¡. Un saludo
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE

Seen in**Universe of Nature**
1 POST 5 COMMENT: SWEEPER


If you receive 5+ Awards: click here
If you receive 7+ Awards: click here
If you receive 10+ Awards: click here;Menuda profundidad, y que bonito se ve el valle nevado.
SaludosEso mismo digo yo ... que profindidad .... precioso el fondo nevado como siempre serena y bella la toma Marian. Y encima las zonas con poca luz te salen nitidas y definidas tambien. Majistral.jajaja.....una foto de altura !!! Ay, qué vertigo !! y qué belleza, Marian!!
Un besote.que bonita vision y que profundidad es buenisima
saludos
joseOooooh!estupenda la prfundida de campo! grandes luces naturales!
saludos querida!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Parece una tierra resquebrajada, por esos cortes en la nieve. Grandioso valle. 

1besico.Genial, Marian, esa hermosa mirada llena de belleza.Great capture my friend!!Estupendo momento de luz.SaludosJoder, si parece que no termina, vaya profundidad

Un saludeteGreat view, well captured.Beautiful Capture ...!!!
~HUGS~Desde el puerto y desde cualquier sitio, eres genial Lady Marian
Besos!!Muy acertado el nuevo ajuste. No puedo decir nada mas.

BesosPues si abajo se ve mucha nieve, cómo estaría ahí donde estabas.....????????  Buena profundidad. Un saludo.
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..Fantastico paisaje y panoramica, al observarla a detalle se pueden ver algunos edificios con una pequeñez impresionantevaya estampa Marian, la nieve le da un aire de tranquilidadUn bellísimo paisaje.
Un abrazo, MarianMuy buena. Un paisaje grandioso con una buena profundidad.
Saludos.Hermosa toma panorámica de la zona!! No pensé que nevaba tanto en España sin embargo!?nice top view...nicely composed and toned!!Impresionante vista.

Un abrazo, Marian !!!Técnicamente muy correcta Marian. Una toma muy clásica (como las que yo suelo hacer a menudo, ja,ja), así que no te digo más...y creo que me entiendes. Qué malo soy y eso que todavía no te conozco en persona, ...que cuando así sea y coja confianza... Un saludo Marian ...y no me tomes en serio, que no conozco esa palabra.superb shot, beautiful viewEspectacular Marian esta toma, el lugar es espectacular!! estuviste subiendo unas fotos geniales!
Si ya estoy de vuelta, la pasé hermoso, iré subiendo fotos, igual muchas no tengo xq es el mismo viaje al norte que hice la otra vez , asiq tengo lugares repetidos, pero iré subiendo los lugares q no les mostré todavía.
Te mando mis saludos y estamos en contacto :=)Love this shot! I am so jealous about you having fresh squeezed OJ, sounds sooo good. HBM to you!Such a yummie benchmonday!so sweet!!! happy bench monday  have a wonderful Valentine week.. xthis is so lovely, how lucky you are to have such wonderful oranges!  hbmOh I would love to have an Orange tree, never mind 13!! This is a beautiful shot - HBM!super cute...
love the softness....hbm!Great shot!  I love that basket full of oranges.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love the tones and love the comp.  HBM!oranges and reds! Lovely.Wonderful processing!


Seen in  Bench Monday
I love this! You do such a great job on Bench Monday! And 13 orange trees?! Yum! And cute shoes.Awsome pic.HBMHBM! We have a tree full of juicing oranges ready to go but I know I will drink every last drop if I start juicing, LOLBeautiful comp, tones, and texture! hbm!gorgeous shot... HBMI love the tones and texture in this pic!  Happy Bench Monday!those oranges look great!!!!:)very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fabulous shot!   HBM!!love the pp hereso charming and cute... love it!How lovely! HBM!Sweet!!!  HBM!!!Excellent composition and mood!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)juicy, yummy, summery! love this. 
and saw it in explore! yay!omg..you have 13 orange tree's!  I'm jealous.  This is so cute..love the texture and cool shoes!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Beautiful!Thank you all - we had breakfast for dinner last night...and enjoyed fresh squeezed OJ with even some left over for this morning.  I wish I could share with you all.  Thanks for your kind comments.explored!!! : )fantastic....looving..looving the smileCherubic! Love his smile, especially the way his eyes close!lovelybeautiful shotwhat a great smile! :)Oh, this is just stunning, Rohit!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)beautiful!brilliant picture, love it!Brilliant. Excellent Shot.love this face a lotgreat portrait ...Excellent composition, post-processing and you got the timing just right dude :)
I really like your work. Very original, very unique and very aesthetic.lovely smile perfectly captured!wow! this is wonderful!this is great!!lovely buddy.Excellent portrait. Such honest smile. Black and white was the way to go.This joy bring tears to me !!!I like very much!loved itgreat portrait

seen in EXPLORE, so congrats !!!!This is so great.. I wish i shot it.. Great JobVery sweet man!Funny comment above: &quot;seen in EXPLORE, 'so' congrats &quot; :P@prasad_mahale1: yeah hmmm... explore, the boon of the photography lover and the bane of the photographer.-
اهل الكرم..حنا
 وللخيل فرسان ♥
هذي عوايدنا :: وهذي بلدنا
-

brb ! oo ly rj3a3ala 8lbi el frsan♥ 
Rw3a el pic ya ro7i entiii
:***
Love u mnmn♥ ♥ ♥  :*
faved aked la 3yoooonch N i C e 
9iij ebdaa3 el shot xD fav♥Nice-miss u M♥amazing&lt;333well taken ♥-___-Well Taken 
Keep Goingرِوِعة مآشآءآلله عليج .well taken :&quot;)__rw3aaa ;P
part 2 with me (H)

favAla 3leesh
hhh
7elwah el9orah 
Waalllaaah !!
3sh8y el 5yoool
keep it up HUN ..;O abd3ti sweety&lt;33amazing
keep it upWooooW 7ayatii it AmaZinnng &lt;3333
Lovr the edit
&lt;3 u ;**رووووعه ^^- _--
So Raw3a 
AmaZinG walla 
Keeeeeeeeeeeeeeep it up
&lt;33




( i Hoooooooope to see Your Comment in My Flickr )a7bchفييف:**
Love-chLove ya&lt;33333333333333333333333333
Fdetkom wallahفيف لجل عيونج 
حبيبتي ^^

وللضد ضد وللسلايل سلايل (L)

الله يحفظ المودل ;)
أبدعتي ّ ~

nice ..Rby y7f'9h ,, Tslm Ymanch ;**`






Nice .. &lt;3

Raw3a ..(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )


Fdeeeeeeetch ana (L)
a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich &lt;\3;*..☆~ИIČЄ P!Č~☆..

..☆~ČØMmЄИT mЄ PŁZ~☆..thanx all
 G i v є и с н ч♥ [عرباويه]
 ; ya lbha hal6alah
mnoOrh ' A ' wallah Miss youya lba abda3hum &lt;3
a7bich ya 7lwa :*
favedAH; ayyah 3lech (L)_(L)
wallah Miss you :&quot;&quot;)niiiice el pic

keep it up

comment mewell taken fnanti :*

wondurful shot *_*

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـر
7lwa &lt;3
YmnaaCH Saalma sweety :**thanx all
mnoreenwww.flickr.com/photos/26421396@N03/4339866353/  
:Pperfectthanxx soo8 wa8f :P

lovely shoot &lt;333*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` ^_* 

??? ( `? على قلبي والله ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? نايس بكجرررر ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? روووووووعــهـ ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. تسلم الايااادي والله .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?..يعطيهم مليووون عااافيه .. ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. في قمت الابدااااع والله.. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?.. F A V .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?.. كومنت مـــي بلبــز .. ? ` ) ???&lt;3
الادت جميل
ربي يحفظ الموديل
وتسلم يمناج ع اللقطهـ
www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/4339591763/faavcool ^^7beet el3zel el lwni :DThanxxx allMoren3jeeb &lt;3 ya 3jebh ente ;p:$ thanxMel d'abeia!!Si señor, esto es un macro, macro...de verdad. Lo digo por que veo en el Flickr que la gente le llama macros a fotos que lo que son es &quot;fotografía de acercamiento&quot;, pero no macro !!!
Esto si es macro. Es un ejemplo perfecto !!!!

Enhorabuena, es fantástica, de las mejores que he visto !!!un detall impressionant, una meravella de macro!Y lo dificil que es que te posen así... Eso no lo valora nadie. Cuando sea mayor quiero un objetivo como ese. Muy buena Jaume y gracias por tu visita.Feia temps que no veia un macro tant nítid com aquest, i a més... amb es focu a s'ull :-P Et diré lo mateix que en Joan: &quot;mel d'abella&quot; mai millor dit ;-)
Salut!Fantastic Macro!Un grand Bravo pour cette Merveille...................!!! Excelente macro ¡¡¡


macro_en_general (sube 1 - comenta 2)
Please tag your photo: MEGSo beautiful!!!  I love that pattern with all my heart :)fabulous !Sarah, thanks! I now adore it too. It was shaky at first, but I'm definitely makin this thing again. And again! (evil laugh...)dress is gorgeousgreat dress! bravo.I am so jealous. I wish I could make clothes come out right.everyone, thank you thank you! already planning my next one...TumbleberryToys, you can do it! I have had zero success until this pattern.lovely! i have the same A.B. fabric. surely, i can't make a dress. but i'm definitely inspired by yours.adorable!wow lovely dress!!!Shut up, this is great! I think last time I commented on one of your photos, it was also handmade. So awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow. I love it:-):-) wow, thanks thanks thanks, everyone! yay!This is very cute. Congratulations!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!stitchindye, thanks!
rafaliano, wow, thanks, I didn't know.Oh I LOVE this!!  I want one, just like it :)I can't believe you made that dress, beautiful!sewnmom3, good news! You can sew yourself one, just like it! :-)

jena:rator, thanks! but as far as sewing patterns goes it is really pretty basic. the trick was getting the right size and altering it to fit my short-waist and wide shoulders.amazing!I am!  I'm off to try to find the pattern today :)  Thank you for the inspiration!sewnmom3, cool! you must share pictures.This is a great photo.lovelyI love her expression and the light.Beautiful light !
--
Seen in the group&quot;Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 II&quot; (?)Very nice. like the light and tones

Seen on Fluidr&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

the BEST of Flickr!!!great eye detailsher expression is beautiful. :owow this is simply stunning. i love this.especially beautiful. :0)nice one, great shot!Intensa.I know what you mean! great shot and model!Beautiful portrait !Fantastic portrait!Love this shotOutstanding shot, fantastic compo


--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Splendidi toni desaturai e drammatica espressione
(nel senso nobile del termine)beautiful portrait !This is how I've been feeling lately! Great job!spledida!superb expressions
great editing
very dramaticماشاء الله
منظر ولا اروع
!!
حبيت الشمسهلا وغلا رؤى 

مرورك الاروع والله 

وديالله الله ع المنظر

تسلم يمينك   ^_^لقطه رائعه

وتعريض جميل

نسخه للمفضله

يعطيك العافيهيا الله وربي ابدعت بعنف تبارك الرحمن عليك
حقاا اهنيك عليها من كل قلبي
الله لا يضرك
التكوين أليم
الدقه خياليهexcellent!!

Seen in VWC مركز العمل التطوعي
آآبدااااااااااعفضيعةWonderful shot of a great, stunning place. Well done. Mashallah.impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Wonderful!Now this is something else.Superb reflections Paul !A Great Glittery shot.Love these sorts of reflection shots Paul :)
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )All that glitters is gold! Lovely shot there, love the reflections and all!

cheers,

andyBeautiful night shot, nice detail in the buildings and great reflections.Beautiful reflections Paul :Dwow paul! the reflections are awesome.... nice stuff!!!wonderful photo Paul...unbelievable reflections....so beautifulWow great work congrats on explore!beautiful reflections.very well composed, great job!Lovely reflections..nice one.!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!nice one - love the reflectionsGreat low light shot Paul, wonderful long reflections too!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?²ˣ)--



Mmm i dunno what word can describe ths Pic !!
Bs Liked It ..

A7bbCh Haya !! ;********
 NiceeGreat Shot Sis ,,
FAVED L3yon Shrpaat ;**والله روعه المكان ياسلام
يالله والله خاطري اروح بحر والله حظكم وناسه
good job
nice take photo 
wallah mbd3l elmswarahb7aaaaaaaaaaaar(L);***woooo love the beach :* :*coment meNice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~FAV

عــــسكــــــر !! (L)(L)Nice :)i love hauuoon (A)preciosa imagenN!c!!
Well takeen&lt;33
FAveD ^.*

Comment me plz ;** Thanxx AllGlad that u liked it

Great Hun ,,
(Y) Liiike Alwaaays ;D
Love it ;*

ee w FAV

weeeeee
nsiiit agooolch eneee ...
A7bch ;$ NICE WAllA ;^^Great composition and tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Warm Cool Contrasts, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i`ve seen in in Explore ;PHi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!______________________________________

Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations your wonderful photo
made it to the Admin favorite thread!
REAL MAGIC !!
Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :--))) 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! HaYa.incantatoare! lumina, incadrarea, privirea celui mic, apropierea dintre cei doi...hopa sus !
ce vorbiti ramine un secret tata-fiuwow, ce imagine puternica!ce frumos a facut cool.nicool! ....cald si intim :)minunata fotografie!Superb... e tot ce pot sa spun.
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?²ˣ)*ei , da , minune !hai ca va pupam pe toti..multzamim pentru 'ceste litere asezate asa mumos ca ne vine sa le punem in vitrina..:)
irina, s-o incapatanat sa-mi faca o fotografie, de tot zisesei tu c-o astepti..:)

firimituri din ce ne spunem unul altuia se pot citi aici...am vazut-o in explore 
e o minune...si el si imaginea !! :)
iar titlul e frumos tare...a fi, fiu
felicitari :)o scena de zile mari.....emotionanta atmosfera aici, dragilor.....fiti binecuvantati toti trei!Cute!Great low light shot!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!beautiful shot

I found this in Favorite Picturesbuna de albumul familiei... in fata de tot....ai vrea tu si poemia româneasca, da' fiu vine din maghiarul &quot;fio&quot; :D - sau invers, nu se stie :))I feel the exact same way. Exaaaaactly. Love it!0.oThis is clever... love it! Don't give up!This is how a lot of people feel. Including me. Clever idea. How did you do that?Just cloning in photoshop :)
Thanks guys!Nice shot!  Good luck with your 365 too!bwhahahaha awesomeOh no! This is probably what my scale is trying to tell me, but I'm not giving up yet...Thanks everyone!  This one actually came out like I hoped, yay for that!love.My scales scream for mercy when I stand on them, been gymming for the last six weeks and lost 17lb so far..... keep at it!!!Very creative and well done!You are creative. This inspired me. :)This one had me laughing so hard! Very original.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot. Love the PP work.Beautiful. Great texture workThis is a Most Excellent Work!
  
Most Excellent that's just plain wrong that you post a shot like this in a &quot;beginners&quot; group ;)

Really professional stuff !Great shot! Is this for DPS??This is a classicYeah, what Brad said! lol. That is just beautiful and desires to be framed.  Fantastic work Cath.Very nice Cath, reminds me of a Rembrandt painting.Excellent Still Life!Fab, works very well, i had something like this in mind too!Amazing shot. and I gotta learn how to do this stuff in PP... Well done Cath, totally beautiful in every way!Cath...THIS is a REALLY great shot!
VERY well done!!!!!beautifully done! and repeating everyone else.this is great!  looks like a painting.  lovely composition and colors.  well done!Why thank you for the apple! ;)

Very nice effect -- feels &quot;classic&quot;.

--
Seen in the group&quot;365 - DPS Assignment&quot; (?)hey thks peeps....

boscopix - yes it is... our DPS Flickr group we follow the DPS theme for a week, every week.This stunning photo was viewed in:



Post 1 Comment 2 (encouraged but not enforced - we're adults).Wow - this is gorgeous, Cath!  The composition is fantastic!  Love the tones in the background - they suit the apple so well.  Your processing is just beautiful.  :-)Can't add much - just repeat what has been said: stunning shot! and excellent processing!!! It looks like an Old Masters painting! Absolutely beautiful, Cath!Wow Cath, this is gorgeous!!!   Totally fab!!This is the shot I have been waiting for...... from you..... on this theme! Excellent~WOW! I agree with everyone, this is FANTASTIC!
I think it looks like an old painting.
Just beautiful! :DReally nice Cath.. how did you PP it?This is really nice shot. I love the warmth and perfect lighting =)nice!! :)
This stunning photo was viewed in:



Post 1 Comment 2 (encouraged but not enforced - we're adults).Fab shot and simply great PP.  I can't believe you're a beginner - WELL DONE!Nice background. Lovely shot!Congrats on explore!Frozen water!  This is very beautiful!nice take on the theme, really like the shadows!excellentgorgeous light, sparkles and shadow almost wave-like!really nicebeautiful shotExcellent!!!This is indeed excellent - faveGreat interpretation. :~)
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenSo beautiful!instant fave. love the abstract quality here.  hard to even tell if it's snow, or ripples on water.  fantastic.  
seen in 52.5 of 2010Love the shadows.

--
Seen in the group&quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)this is a real beauty. and a very creative approach to the theme.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)Seen in 52.5 of Twenty Ten
at first glance this looks like sand...great image and a wonderful imaginative piece of art.Interesting interpretation on the theme. Great shadow play.
Seen in a discussion of 52.5 of Twenty Ten.Lovely, I thought it was water... up close. It is so abstract.I'm amazed how much this snow looks like water, the sparkles in the snow are wonderful!It's gorgeous!Nice abstract shot.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****Great work!!!!

seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****MOOOOOO SIIIIIIIIJ! the words, colors, edit, pose, everything is PERFECT!it looks great mashalla!
 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****Thank you for adding This photo in - شكرا لإضافة الصورة في
  WE ARE HERE (WAH) نحن هنا 
really Good Job 7Woor ;DDDD mashallah every thing is perfect
tslam eedich 
 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops nice walahraw3aa mashaallaa 
teslaam eedech :DNice job..
No. One tip to be excellent photographer is
&quot;always keep your camera with u..&quot;
and u did, good job and nice enviromentThank you for adding This photo in - شكرا لإضافة الصورة في
  WE ARE HERE (WAH) نحن هنا 
great shot !


 Great Capture 
Kuwait Work Shops WOOOOOOOOOOOOOe 3jeeeeeeeeeeeepa &lt;3 
so g8 .. 
keep the perfect jop on;**mashallah amazing idea, very nice edit and words :))
good work Hawra'a :))صوره ممتازهSuperbly shot and fantastic treatment on this wonderful black and white image


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)iL edit o iL 9ora mo 9ij!!

tislimeen =)raw3aaaaa mashalllaaa !!! fav. !!Nice capture!!3ajeeba ElColo0ors &amp; Elidea 

Beltawfeeg :)good colour tonesthnxx all,, so glad YOU all liked it ;DDD! إلتقاطه راائعه والإضاءة جدا جميله

تسلم يدكSimply mo 9j :D !!!
kafo  7awor :)great work mashallah :D tslam edechreally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Nice One
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )tra min ziman agoolich salfeeni al model wentay mo rathya :P

gawwach allah a5ayti w 9oora momtaazathnxx all 4 the sweet wordz ;DDDDD!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/yousifani/] : LOOOL gelna ma nsalef models ;p esalaf talaf hahaaa lol o thnx ;DNice mood !wonderful edditting and concept 


Thank you for adding This photo in - شكرا لإضافة الصورة في
 KPC ..Kuwait Photography Center 
laworeflex bijokBeautiful!
Love the colors and the reflections here!:)my fav.... look at the ripple on the water... tahniah brolawo reflek tucomel kalerBeautiful shot!!Beautiful! Nice colors &amp; reflections!master!!!
makin kkelah gmbar awok yer!!D700 kam.  :Dkemah tone
lawo2! Beautiful colors and excellent photography.
This AMAZING SHOT was seen in:

  
ONLY THE BEST APPEARS IN: 
SUNSET-SUNRISE IN MALAYSIA Group
Post 1 ~ Comment 1   Fantastic colors!!jari.keramat:kuat ngajim tow....:)..minum air meh....thank you very much for all your kind comments and favourites! nice nice colours Beautiful colors and excellent photography.
This AMAZING SHOT was seen in:

  
ONLY THE BEST APPEARS IN: 
SUNSET-SUNRISE IN MALAYSIA Group
Post 1 ~ Comment 1   this is fantastic!Please share this wonderful picture
  with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)
  
  
  This invitation counts as an award as well!
  PLEASE POST HERE WITH 6+ AWARDSguani time aku blk kapom xdop staram sunset ginims...
aiii...nk kne balik tiap2 la tu abu...wakakakakaka
guane???apply doh ukm??Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Islam !!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lawo ngt nim, naik kt explore tu...tahniah boh...abutoq:sebab abu nok baham soram tekpom.....dop ajop kite ngam kedek...wakakamR.along: time kaseh kebetulan jer tow....:)Comey sunggoh..
tok leh nok kate apo doh..Beautiful shot and reflections!www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/08/page40/dok nk kabo guane.. comey super saiya.!superb shot  BravoNice capture.  Yes, it does sound like a country song and would make a good album cover.Outstanding!Awesome find!Great Shot !Thanks! I wish it was not a rainy day. The sky is rather boring.Great shot!!!

I stumbled over this crusty gem in the Rusty and Crusty Group!Man oh man...this picture is like prime rib and horseradish.  Perfect match.  I love how the truck and the building are roughly the same color.  Wow!Nice!Ha! Happy Bench Monday!omg! this pup looks like he's in time out! so freakin cute!!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)LOL, Happy bench mondayCute!ditto! cute !Oh so cute!aww....so cute!  I hope the puppy feels better now.  hbm!What a cutie!Guffaw - great title !this is my favorite HBM photo ever!!  as always, beautiful composition!waa,so cute..he/she looks scared..:)hahah awe.....he looks so sad! What a cutie!Cute indeed!Soo sweet :)OMG this is ADORABLE!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called O mundo dos bichos / The world of animals, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunning, what a nice pose hes doing :]beautiful photo!
nice colors, nice composition! 
Very well shot! :)
cute puppywow very cool love the red/organe color with the blue.The lone tree looks great with the color treatment.Golden indeed, and beautiful!Beautifulnice and dramatic - well capturedGreat colours.

Congrats on your win. :D...and you just pipped Tom to the post! Could be a grudge match going on next year!wonderful image duncan - the light is amazing - and congrats on the win!Cracking colours! Well done on the win!Cheers, Folks!



--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I like this. The color and contrast is remarkable.Perfection. That orange against the grey sky just works.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Warm Cool Contrasts, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic colors!  Great composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congrats Duncan !I like very much!Nice shot, great composition and colour.Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :--))) Niall Corbet ...I'm sure Tom will get revenge on Thursday night at the Seabird comp...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)WOW!!Lovely color.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Nice shot, love the lonely tree effect.............. well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations on the contest!  I don't think your pleasure is inordinate at all; rather, well-deserved!

 Is this a colour treatment, as one commenter said above, or the natural light?  This being Scotland in winter, I wouldn't be surprised if it were natural.  Striking shot, either way!Congrats on explore! Fliedermaus ...thanks, colour entirely natural and fleeting.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Stunning light, very nice!oooh LOVELY combinationThanks Nic! I have no idea but a lovely texture to it. You should have seen the other colourway.wow! these are wonderful, what a lucky partner you have :)love your selectionfabulous sophisticated selection - that top design is amazing!these are so yummy...another fan of the Barkcloth!Oooh, thats a lovely and interesting bunch of fabrics!Great pull!! Love the top fabric!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Thanks for all the comments. I hope the fabrics translate into a nice cushion cover!oooh should be pretty and striking!noise ! :)beautiful ...Excellent capture MelissaVery nicely captured Melissa.Wow! This is beautiful!! Love it!!wow! excellent capture for handheld!empire state of mind! hahaWhat a fantastic capture, love the motion blur, amazing work!Times Square.... I love that place.Nice. I like the movement of the cars - well doneThe movement of the traffic is great!absolutely great view !!!!!!!!!!!!!Wow, handheld still very nice and clear! Great job!Very cool capture, Melissa. Hope you are doing well and had a nice weekend. May you have a wonderful day and a great new week.oh wow! I just noticed this was handheld!! Great job!! :DWow very nice Melissa! Handheld!? That's amazing. I've tried that with handheld before and the buildings were a little bit blurry. I probably moved a bit.lovely image..
very nice capture =)Fantastic night shot Mel, hand held too!!!wonderful city shot!The motion is great!

:)awesomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called All Favourite Photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!what a view...love itBig Apple!  I hope I can visit NYC.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful shot.  A great light show in NYC.Very nice night shot! Love the motion blur of car!lovely lights, nice capture.HAPPY (or rather APPY) and GOOD - says it all !vibrant and full of energy. I can almost hear the noise of the cars and hustle and bustle
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )This is very beautiful, really... :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous color!!  Nice shot!this is very good Melissa, and yes I tried that with a tripod before,
It was a failed attempt =Plooks awesome!wow! i really like this.... v good feel meli really like the feel to this photo and the composition. great work!Certainly caught the hustle and bustle well, Mel!well done.I can feel the busyness of this image, with taxi's, cars, and people are hurrying all over--I can almost hear the street noise.
Well done, Mel!

Check out RichArtpix, a New York flickr friend--he would be happy to assist in finding wonderful locations.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )amazing capture here of the lights and the motion at Times Square area.....  Love it Mel..... Great job my friend...A classic motive and you've created a wonderful interpretation of it!Lovely shot. Impressive that its handheld.Really excellent shot hand held! Very well done night shot!Id buy that postcard. I like the motion n glitz. Its how i immagine times square to be.For a hand held you've captured the frenzy of the place really well.excellent capture... I like it and it is very good for a hand held...:)Wonderful night shot! Have a successful week ahead, my friend!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Very cool shot! Conveys the feeling of city hustle and bustle very well!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )can't get any better than this, Mel.  amazingly done under this particular circumstance.  cool, stunning night shot of time square.
i thought it's freezing cold out.  what ya doing out there? :D
i don't know 丁噹, but this is a very good song &amp; video.
hey... wish to visit there soon ;-)Brilliant shot taken handheld. I assume you had IS on! Love the motion of the cabs, and the brilliant lights. NY looks so cool, beatiful capture!Nice night shot for the NY City~Amazing Shot!!!!Great night shot~
Seems very busy there!This is a seriously great photo. You have awesome photos in your photostream.handheld!! WOW, amazing shot!!fantastic work!This shot kicks some a#%@!  Can't believe it was handheld.  Really cool shot Melissa!great capture, like ittime square !! I will be there someday !!***  J Aime Beaucoup  ***

Domilove it phenomenal shot
Great light and nice sense of movement.Melissa this is sooooooo good!!!! damn wish I could visit new york! :))))A Brilliant Capture! Excellent Work! Well Done, My Friend!
This is a personalized Friendship Award to you for being such a wonderful friend and/or in recognition of your great achievements in Art or Photography. This also serve as my heartfelt thanks for your lovely comments in my pics.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/hengbok-nikita/3385133024/sizes/s/]
For more details about this award, please click on the image.I think this one is really good considering you took it without a tripod.  I was about to go to NYC during Easter but now plans might change. Somehow I will be there sooner or later, hopefully this year!i like everything about this picture~i really wanna go to NYC! looks so great there!beautuful picture, great colorshello nyc!!! 
love the movement in this :o)Wow, great shot of the city my friend!

--
Seen in Worldworx (?)This has a really nice vibe to it! Love the colors and the energy! Nice capture!

Thanks for stopping by
...-Wink's Place-...Brilliant!

--
Seen in the group&quot;...-Wink's Place-...&quot; (?)Cool shot.  Nice job with the processing.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Mikytz's wOrLd&quot; (?)Looks like dream of lights...great shot
Seen at WorldworxBrilliant. 

Seen at Worldworxlove love love this! stunning!Love this.  Great colours and movement!Great shot! Love the color, motion and contrast.Thanks for stopping by
...-Wink's Place-...This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthExcellent urban shot Melissa! Love it!Thanx, for your nice comment!  
It's was a good feeling to finally upload a pic again.....


Great shot and love the shiny metal look..
Its hole-omania ;-)) 

Good luck on your project, i know you will make it! ;-))great capture ... so neat ... great details .... the metallic feel ....HA! Great capture... You went in w/ much greater detail than I did though! (same idea, same camera, I think even same lens!)Very cool!sweet!  you have captured some amazing detail here!  very nice.Really nice Chris. I'm still trying to figure out what it is exactly ;-)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Very cool. Has a great texture! But I'm with robbie......what is it?? lolneat pattern all those holes makeFantastic detail on this shot!This is really cool!  But I'm with the others....what is it?awesome details. great MM shot!Beautiful capture, the light, color, tones and detail make me very, very curious.oh wow, that's pretty crazy.. nice macro monday!Very nice shot! looks like a selective color post processing... but i think it is naturally like that? Happy MMholey moley ~ nice work !Wow!! this superb!!  Really stunning macro!!Nice macro!This must have been tricky to shoot and get just right

You've don another amazing jobWow, that's a cool shot. Love the unusual pop of that purple color!Beautiful lights.
Gergo
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )grazie milleLovely warm light makes this portrait special.bellissimo il sole al tramonto, per la luce che dà!Thank you bawtreesGrazie mille Chiaragià, bella luce. oro.Già il tramonto è uno dei momenti migliori per la luceimg21.imageshack.us/img21/9466/dsc0541j.jpgbella Bea!!!che bella!!!beatiful shot love the lightinggrazie mille Marta e Barbi..
thank you Stevewonderfulthank youMucho Bellache bei colori, ottimo il primo piamo, ma chi le scatta le tue foto?grazie nick
enrico mia madre...impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!What a moment!!!
Great ...man...great found and beautiful capture - i wonder how do you shoot it - really fantastic - i must appreciate your photography mitulThanks Mahbub.
Thanks Sajan Bhai, you are always inspiring.Ekkebare Kopa hoise mitul bhai. Ummmmm.... that action. Ekkebare lively. jottil.waha!!! what a shot!!!!!!Thanks Mehedi &amp; Unforgivan for the inspiration.simply awesome...
ai dhoroner moment pawa r shetake eto nicely capure kora both r tough .Fav at First sight :)
OutstandingFantastic capture of the moment.amazing...Thanks Mobin Bhai, Tarin Bhai, Ami &amp; Doctor.Your fantastic shot was seen in:

 

Official National Geographic Group 
Thank you for sharing your photos!perfect timing...
wonderful capture...aiiiiiiii.....vaia ki tulsen eita.....this is called birding!!!!
just awesomebaba ki tulechho..........darun capture.........uranta pakhir chhobi tola khub kothin...........wow, excellent mitul vai.beautiful ..Fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Excellent timing!
Beautiful capture!Thanks. I am inspired.Wow.

That's wonderful!Heh. This is excellent luck, and an excellent picture.this gives me the heebies.Kitty tongue! :D

Great shot!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Amazing.yeow! Nice.Hah, what an awesome macro!!!!meowAckk  accckh  ahhck...furballs!   
Pretty close shot...enought to smell what was for dinner ;-)

Great capture!

.Luck or not it is excellence!!!!
I really did not know it looked like THAT!which lens?

My cat likes to &quot;brush&quot; my beard stubble in the early mornings.  If I let it grow out for two or three weeks, it actually feels good.Wow....incredible macro shot... my fave! :-)Wha?!

I can say I have never seen a cat tongue before. They are freakydeaky.holley jamolley!! I had my cat for 19 years and can't remember ever seeing that kind of detail on her tongue! yeow-ser! No wonder it's so rough. Nice timing, girlie!Pure unadulterated lick

This actually provoked a spontaneous 'urgh' and *shudder*
Be careful with that lens now ;¬)Outstanding capture!

Edgar

Cat closeups
www.flickr.com/groups/95615790@N00/wow. yeah. i was going to say: how the hell did you manage this?

i LOVE LOVE the detail but i can't stare too long.
cringing a little.Wonderful capture!Spectacular!One of the best pics ever! Excellent shot!Outstanding shot, faved...

But I still can't see the Freckles on your lower lip...I haz a flavor. 
[The old ones are still the best]
:)If those barbs were on a jellyfish we'd all be running screaming from the beach ;)TMI !
TMI !
aaaaaaggghhhhhh!great macro shot!!very nice macro :)Nice shot of a kitty velcro tongue in action.Gorgeous capture, such charming memories. I love the sparkles and bokeh.

RIP Rocco, I wish you the best of luck during these difficult times.he's sure is a beautiful boy serena, and now he's smiling down from heaven upon you! :)  such a beautiful tribute to rocco, great use of texture &amp; lovely bokeh!! ;) he's a beautiful angel, indeed! :)Wonderful image,,,  I'm sorry to hear of your loss.  While I know I have no words to bring solace, I do extend my most sincere sympathy.  Thank you for sharing Roc and Ralph so generously.  Your near daily postings have brought smiles to my mornings.  Yes, thank you.  Roc will be missed.  Without question, a lovely friend...such a gorgeous boy and a beautiful portrait. I sure think about both of you a lot. Roc has made such an impact on so many of our hearts.My feelings for Rocco Boy . I send a huge kisses to you , Serena and a big hug to Ralph boy .What an amazing angel he is.beautyProbably the &quot;beautifullest&quot; dog I've ever ever seen. RIPWow, this is gorgeous. Definitely watching over you.such a kind face...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )brillant capture. Very angelic... makes me teary... good boy Rocco;)The biggest angel waiting at the gate. Along side all of mine that are waiting for me.

A comforting thought!The sparkles and bokeh look beautiful Serena. Gorgeous image of your gorgeous boy.I'm so glad to see more pictures of Roc.  I hope that posting Roc is helping you work through your grief.  I cannot imagine how you feel but I'm sure I speak for other flickrites that we appreciate seeing more of your talent and your love for your dogs.&lt;3Thanks for sharing Rocco with us.That he is. An angel.gorgeous shot of the big boy! 

Very interesting sparkles with the bokeh, love the b&amp;w tooGreat shot!
Bokeh~eaven!You are the an angel to all of us..
And in our thoughts...
Wonderful tones and background..
Take care my friend...
Xx
SasBeautiful.Beautifulsuch a lovely dog. xxSweet!To paraphrase &quot;Old Shep&quot;.....'If dogs have a Heaven, there's one thing I know - Roc has a mighty good home'.It made me tear up a bit, seeing Rocco in my Contacts page just now. But it made me smile, too. Such a good boy. I'm wishing you all the best during this time, and hope going through and working on his photos can help with the healing process.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I agree so much with Kerfuffle.. I could not say it better!He always looked so gentle... lovely portrait.The best guardian angle you could wish for !so beautifuli smiled instantly when i saw this :) i hope that you are doing a little better and that your photography is helping you to heal :)most definetely an angel!  your in my thoughts.Stunning shot, it really looks magical, and makes him look like an angel.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)se ha ido tu perro, hermano mio,
por las grietas abiertas del silencio;
escapo de las sombras de este tiempo
hacia mundos, por ti, desconocidos.

compaÑero de siempre en tus andanzas;
vigilante infatigable de tus sueÑos,
solo tienes su imagen en recuerdos
y sus huellas reviven tu nostalgia.

y rocco corretea por los cielos'
lleva polvo de estrella en su vientre
y la luz sideral sObre su vuelo.

tal vez prodigo el cace algun lucero
y apretandolo fuerte con sus dientes
una noche lo deje caer entre tus sueÑos.........angel? oh my.... so so sorry to hear that! I am so sorry for your loss. I've been away from flickr for a little while, and totally in shock to hear this! Wishing you all the best in this difficult time....The bokeh is just beautiful.stunning capture !Awesome bokeh!!You will always be remembered Rocco. :-)He had such a huge presence.  Miss you Rocco.Beautiful, Beautiful Rocco, an angel indeedSo sorry to hear of your loss...RIP Rocco.This is so beautiful, Rocco was truly magnificent.So beautiful Serena!great shot! love it in b&amp;w!he is at the Bridge waiting, running with no pain.
I can see the sparkles around him. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called the little dog laughed, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

sweet boy.wow, what a gorgeous portrait of the big man. He was loved...
 I`m sure he`ll be waiting for you at the bridgeyup...angel in a bokeh heaven.

Found and admired in:
the little dog laughedbeautiful angelcan almost hear the sigh of the wind in the grasses, coooool shot.Wonderful grass texture.beautiful textures and valuesGreat detail and technique, well captured.This has COLD written all over it :)
Very well captured, as usual your compo is perfect. :-)stunningFantastic.Big waves in the grasses under a terrific sky !!!
A beauty, Robbe ...You can feel the cold wind,great shotnice wind swept image.
I am not volunteering at the games, but actually working.
Today will be at least 15 hrs when I go back. I am on a short break.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Koool !!!!!   FAV !!!!   JOE&gt;You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Excellent..!

This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! the clouds give to landscape deep a lot; great exposure!This is great! I love the grass sticking out of the snow- windswept and so deserted.  
HugsA grand expanse with such beautiful drama.oooooh lovely shadows!Very original! And I love your dress!
HBM!sooo cute!!!Gah! Awesome! I need to learn how to do thisway cool, hbmToo cute Whit! You pulled it off fabulously!Love this...I agree with [http://www.flickr.com/photos/pixelnoir/] I need to learn to do this!Ohhhh... love it ... very original ...

HBM!I love the setting with those trees behinds you and your dress is gorgeous! HBMAwesome Whitney, sweet cloning, I did a shot for this a while ago as well.  Love your creativity :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)your wit is always great.  your expressions made me smile.  nice clone and bench shot all at once.love this!! great idea =]I LOVE this setting. looking forwards to seeing more of this bench :]So cute!!!!you do the best bench mondays!so fun!  HBM!i like this, excellent.yaaay amazing &lt;3 

KEEP IT Up

&amp;


comment me new pichaha this is sooo cute! Great outdoor shot and love the natural lightSoo cute! Looks like it's nice and warm there! =)nicely
I LIKESo adorable!!! 
Cool location...
you always find the best locations!!Cute poses!! ha ha! love this!Very creative ... love it!! Love the little forest you're in!Hilarious concept. Perfect expressions.♥Happy Bench Monday, Whitney!♥
Love the tones &amp; scenery!This is so much fun!!  Great work!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)It's like three great photos in one!WONDERFUL JOB!!! It's SO cute!great idea, great editing, and great smile! hbm!What a cute idea!  Love it.  I've always wanted to try a shot like this.  Great job.  HBMsweet:)
HBM!!! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)fun photo!  hbm!cloned whitneys are even nicer than one whitney!
and on a bench? even nicer?
and wearing this jealousmakingbeautiful dress? 

yeah..

even nicer nicer!!

love this, girl!wow, seeing you in a dress makes me cold. here i am expecting like 8 in of snow on wednesday, and you are in a dress. haha. this is beautiful cloning thoughLove it !!This is so cute! Love it...I'm off to do mine!

HBM!looooks soooo waaarrmmm... I miss the waaarrmmthis made me giggle :)Brilliant!!! Love this!This is AMAZING!! Great work!Outstanding shot my friend


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)this is just too lovely i adore this wow doll!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called my generation, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice DOF! That is the coolest bg all painterly! And you are cute. :DCute!Love those poses! It's a classic but you've got it spot on! Beautiful!Been done so much before but you are a cutie!Congrats on explore!So sorry...This is the best bench Monday.  Love the location.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ETERNA SOLEDAD... y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.un disparo cojonudo!me gustan estos tonos tan suaves tuyos

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)toda una declaración de intenciones. UP! ;)))))
besoGracias :)
UP UP UP !!!ieUPPPPPPP!fo tón !Ufff!Que buena esta serie.ahi ahi!
aprofitant el ferum!wow, bet this would look great printed really bigahhh aquesta pose fèia temps que no la vèia.. :DHaha :) i wanna read that book, awesome picture :)Ahhhhh! This is soooo awesome!! I love the focus and how preddy it is!! :]this is so cool! love it =]so cool! great concept.Thank you :Dwow love this, perfectgreatttt book :D
i love thisss !looooooove thisssss.
mmm the focus :Dyes, it is by far my favorite book ever (:
i love the golden tones in this.Thanks you guys!! :Dthis is amazing :)Awesome idea! I love the dof! :)ah film!
beautiful!oh my gosh this is *amazing*Woo! i love the color *-*negatives are awesome. they kind of creep me out. like faces? yesh. this is very nice (:Thanks! :Dsuch a cute idea!Oh this is so cool :) i love the warm tones.
I haven't read the lovely bones yet, I've read Lucky though and loved it. And I really want to see the movie! :]*gasp* Perfection!! LOVE this!omfg, instant favorite. :) this is so very amazing.this is lovelyLove you &lt;33
P.s.had fun with you in that day ;)(6) 9adoo ;Pwowness &lt;3 
loved the focus here (Y)
the b/w is killing me :P
well done Noory 
love you ♥ Fdeeeeeeeeetch [ Noura ] &lt; =pP 
Amazzzzzzing Pic 7yatii &lt;333 
Lovely B&amp;W (L)_______(L) 
oOo Fdeet Doody :$&lt;3&lt;33 it&lt;3 UiLove u&lt;3:*wowl;
raheeeba♥♥
ADOREyouA7bb'ChFoxy ; adore you &lt;33, me to :*
Memish ; thanks 7bebty w love you more :*love you all and thanks (A)A3sh888888888chhhhh ya 3yooz m5rfa (6)3yooz anty (A)Loovvee Yoou Noory :**love you to :*Love youLovekm both♥♥
miss you'r angel face (6);p =P ♥♥thanks all 
Gentel ; miss your face to :P
♥il FOUCS moot ♥.♥
lba fanch ROXY&lt;3
i love you :$~thank you 
love you to :**&lt;3it
sure fave =&quot;$love you both &lt;3yalabaeeeeh &lt;33Fantastic moment you've captured... and in black and white is a true classic my friend!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)The Grand Piano :D 
Excelent shotLOVEu:*Raw3aFantastic atmosphere!Excellent exposure, nicely done!!!Lovely textures.nice contrastgreat b&amp;w seascape
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Stunning B&amp;W!!!Beautiful tones and contrasts. Very atmoshperic work.Great work!Excellent!!Beautiful!very nice!!

Thanks for sharing your wonderful  black and white image in Black and White and Monochroma! Don't forget to invite your contacts!Beautiful monoscape manHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Well done!Love the dark tones.Wow, that's an otherworldly light!splendid!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Chasing Shadows, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

gorgeous exposure, tones, textures and composition.  wonderful work!Well, I didn't get the first comment on yours! Seascapes like this are amongst my favourite images and when the tonality between the sky and sea is reversed like this the results are superb. The geologist in me also loves the structure to the foreground rocks!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Monochromatic Visions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful contrast and dynamic range.  Strong composition.--



This excellent monochrome image was seen in

monochromatic visions
where monochrome excellence meets vision
--
Seen in the group&quot;Monochromatic Visions&quot; ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called (A C H R O M A T I C) Nature, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is a lovely photo...your style is very significant, and I like it alot! The ocean looks awesome!love that sky. excellent image.Beautiful, my friend. That sky is dramatic!Amazing sky...very nice pictureThe lambs of the city:-))))a landscape dominated by a turbulent sky ...
evocative black and white ...
I like it!

hello ;-)agreed about London - it does have great parks


love the framing hereΠολύ όμορφο σκηνικό Πρόδρομε!!Τα δέντρα αν και μεγάλα και με αισθητή την παρουσία τους υποκλίνονται σε αυτό τον υπέροχο ουρανό!Φανταστικό κάδρο, υπέροχη γωνία λήψης!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wonderful composition!
Have a great week!Φανταστικό Α/Μ !!!Great sky - the picture gives a great feeling of open space.wonderful work! know this park! had a nice time there once!:-)))excellent composition and contreast, well donebeautiful B/W scene
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )This is stunning!Perfect b&amp;w shot Prodrome! have a great week ahead my friend,What a beautiful shot! Stunning!Beautiful composition....www.flickr.com/photos/komotini49/1103110125/I like it very much! the atmosphere has been captured very well!I know you are but I wanted you to see it:-)A dramatic composition...look like a classical movie
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Divine sky!nice p!C 

&lt;3

keep it uP 


&amp;comment me neW p!CNice shot, those clouds look as though I could pick them out of the Pic.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)wondrful shot 
    
بدالك الف وتعرفني!!ExcellentBrilliant compositional proportions--love how you've let the sky fully breathe in its expansive, swirling goodness.  And the contrasts, light and framing are equally stunning. 

Thank you for the all-in-one congrats &amp; comment...we're usually not known for our efficiency here in the states. ;)Beautiful silhouettes and sky! This is excellent!loving framewonderful composition! the sky is amazing!i love so so so much how you have composed!!! the big sky vs the minimal land!!! so so beautiful my friend!!! gorgeous sky!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )fantastic composition, dramatic mood!Εξαιρετική ατμόσφαιρα!!!!!!!Awesome captureLove the wide open feel to this and B&amp;W is the perfect choice with those silhouettes. Have a great week too :-)Gorgeous sky, lovely composition !Impresionante el cielo es una maravilla.
Saludosthe sky is very impressive...Wow I love this...absolutely love the monochrome :) xExcellent!!

This photo deserves a DIGIFOTO Pro AwardWhat a treat to have such a park to visit in the big city !!!!!!!!
I also love looking at the sky ...great shot !!!!!Nice composition, great b/nBeautiful countryside photograph.
Like the way of framing.Beuatiful Image!Beautiful B&amp;W shot and great colorsGreat picture l love the cloudsWoW!!! 
Great depth, beautiful sky and compo!
Μπράβο!!!yes, I remember, it used to be one of my favourite places too long ago...
you have really captured the vastness and wildness of the place.Very nice composition and overall result on this fantastic black and white. Thanks for sharing your wonderful work!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful work.. and thanks so much for all your encouraging comments!You did such a fine job of composing this - like everyone else, I think it's terrific.what a beautiful spot!
looks wonderful in b&amp;w :)Cool shot, this is very cinematographic ! 

the grafitti in my photo says &quot; Gnomes live here &quot;Stunning sky!a breath of fresh air.  a fine exposure on those clouds!wow!!! i think this might be my all time favorite of yours.  LOVE it!Beautiful atmospheric photo!  Love the clouds!just a terrific b&amp;w
You really need to do that sometimes when you live in a city ...  This photo gets that feeling across well - you would never guess it was takenin the middle of London!beautiful shot my friend! have a sweet day!Lovely London parks!!!!!!!!!!lovely!impressive picture.............love the b/w!!!

Janwillemit really looks like the country!! do you know the famous highgate cemetery nearby ? one of the most beautiful victorian place I'd like visit one day !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )amazing!!!!!!!!fantastic b&amp;w.......i simply love it......epic shot!  really dramatic with the clouds, and the people sooo small!wow excellent shot. I love scenery...would love to visit my relatives on London somedayWonderful shot....!!!Looks like a pastoral scene!beautiful trees! : )molto bella,complimenti.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


una foto molto bella, ci farebbe piacere ammirarla nel nostro gruppo.Grazie.ciao.
Excellent image. Congratulations.you would have wish to expose in my group?



GLI AMICI DEI MIEI AMICI SONO MIEI AMICI( Post 1 Award 2)   

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,


Wow, This is


Please add your photo to So Beautiful (Invite only)  Beautifull Shot &amp; Detailz :) very well composed, great job!one of your best i think!

wonderfull!Beautiful composition, i like your B&amp;W edition!!!fantastic !Fantastic!!!è stupenda
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very niceΕιναι πραγματικα πολυ ωραιο !Lovely!I like how the tree takes on a silhouette look with the clouds in the back ground nicely doneGreat B&amp;W, a little dramatic, but still intriguing!Wonderfful light in a W&amp;B  composition !terrific sense of scale. the square format really works well here.so expansive and inviting!wow! this is gorgeous. so expansive and just lovely!:)amazing sky perfectly framed by the earth and those treesΦανταστική !!!!Amazing shot!
Awesome! Great job my friend!great photo! super bw composition!congrats for this shot!

ciao,ωραία σύνθεση 
της πηγαίνει γάντι το ασπρόμαυρο :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Koool !!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Wonderful clouds and silhouettes!molto bellaI lived near the Heath for a year in 1971/2 and loved it. This is a great shot with a wonderful skyNo way that's out in the UK?  These are just way too big.   And a long board too?   Are you in the water yourself Jason?   Great shot, and awesome perspective.  I don't know much about surfing, but shouldn't that dude be going away from the barrel??that a hugemungous wave for the UKmighty impressive. great action
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )wow, love it, I am more than jealous!Magnificent!  Hard to believe that's in the UK!stunningTerrific shot Jason yep, he's most definitely heading for trouble, hence my title. It's not taken from the water, but there's a spot at Freshwater where you can climb out on to the rocks and get this angle which can feel like you're out thereHaha! Stunning wave size!! Excellent shot.haha closing out ! 
great shot man .this is awesome!!  The waves were pretty cool at Rhosneigr on Saturday, there were loads of surfers!staring down the barrel and no particular exit! lovely POV capture here mate... be careful on those rocks - you how awkward us old guys get!Awesome ! Surf's up !Great looking wave Jason!smooth line, looks so good with the barrel oh doom in the background, but he wont think it looks good ahahahahasolid

we call that a straight hander around here
nice oneAwesome!No where to go but straight ahead. Great angle and pretty wave despite the closeout.Good God.  Some people are crazy.  Aren't there some indoor heated pools.  :-)))

Looks like you're off to a fun start for the week.Surfer's life....this thinks happen! (and not only in the US!!!)Spectacular, impressive, beautiful, exciting...
I'm running out of adjectives!
:-)
Great metaphor!Good philosophy to start my day, thank you very much, I needed that!So so sick!! May look like a closeout to some... to me it looks like a sweet section for air!! Awesome capture Jason!! Thanks for sharing this gnarly photo!!pffffffffffff!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

yeah, come on!! here we go!!The photo is great, but the title makes it an eye-opener.
_____________________
reply with darckr?whoa, that's a huge one &amp; a long board too......look at that offshore wind blowing to hold it up....nice capture....Jason...Menuda fuerza!!lovely shot !!Great shot.Cold but soooo freaking beautiful!!!!!! what a wave!!!!sweeetWow...stunning waves!!brilliant thanks 4 sharingawesome shot....Great shot~) outstanding work !is there an aftermath shot? great expression :)

 i like that you saw the other possibility :) 

 there is another frame, probably post it on my blog when i catch up with life and finish looking at the 700 shots i took this weekend :)awesome shot  mate, yes this morning was ok, got in after work for a quick one too!! yep gonna check in the morn!!...............................................classic soul!!!woooooooooooow

btw, Jason

the clockwork of St. Stephan is swiss



--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )congratulation, you catched it - both of you!the curl of the wave on the left side is beautiful.you're the best...I don't know if it can get much better.no. you nicked all our big waves.ha! wow... you got REAL swell!
going to go check bloggy now.woo hoo

we had a week of epic waves as well. nothing quite like it. smiles all around town. only takes one good one to lift you out of the everyday huh?you captured the sweet spot of this ride....
nice one my friend

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome capture!
spray coming off the top looks gr8!This is an amazing image. Gorgeous!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great action shot !It's such a good angle. This must have been at low tide?great shot!

A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)I see the madness has returned, I think I would rather get hit by a cricket ball, lol, but seriously it must be very refreshing and exciting when the waves are like that, great shot as always Jason
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Superb captureNice work Good day my dear friendAwesome!


A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Great shot !!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)wow - what a shot - that wave looks so powerful - terrifying! 
( what IS going through his mind right now, I wonder!)Its really fantastic shot !!Close out to right, Close out to the left...Not many options...Did he bottom turn that longboard up and out of there?

Damn impressive wave and well timed shot! Very cool.Ready, mon Capitain !!beautiful !
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)hehe, still fun though. nice shotready for anything that lies ahead, awesome shot!!It happens!!cool composition lovely :) processing too :)Wonderful colors and processing !!
Great composition too :)lovely silhouette and atmosphere!surreal. Looks like a glass brick wall. Dreamy.good one...nice silhouette, excellent processingNice one
Please join us, if you have not done so!!!fantastic..simply amazing!!!Brilliant shotwonderful!Wonderful composition and light, great shot :)great silhouette ... beautiful composition ...Fantastic work. Wonderful silhouette.Great silhouette. Lovely light &amp; textures on the wall.wonderful color and framethanks all :)looks like a beautiful painting...loved the color n great silhouette.......Very nice !! ya 3eny (L)

FU** @@
Falla &lt;3333
FAVedNicee ;Pp@@ folaa Ty all

Nznz ;
=P Fdeeit 3aink
oh gr8 focus (L)__(L) yafnan entaaa ;)

&lt;3 it

FAV  Awesome Wonderful Drop 
iLove el Colour on the drop &lt;3 
Well done.Awasom mn ♥♥alllay drops &lt;33 6aanx xP2laaaaaaaaay drops :$ 3jeeeba mn Gulb (L) :&quot;P :&quot;$raw3afavfavɐ il Droop Kethaa (Y) :P Ty All xPDrop ♥_♥Wooow :Oرووووعه ما شاءاللهRaaaw3a ^.^
Gr8 shotNiiiiCe &lt;33yjnn alfocus

WOW !
the drop sparkling =)
well done 
faved

الصورة
غريبة
عجيبة
واصل
كومنت مي&lt;3
الادت جميل
تسلم يمناك فديتكـ
www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/4339591763/aMaaazing &lt;3 6anx xP
Do0om Mbd3 M7mmd  ~
WooW ,


RaW3a WaLLa [F][F]


akeeeeeeeeed ,, FAV ,,ناايس
بكجر
ni!i!c pi!i!c
comment me plez Ty GuyswowWow! Great focus! Also great color and DoF!Gr8Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Favourite Capture (POST 1 Comment 2) Join Contest : Green, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Seen in Explore =Dexploreawesome @@ Thnxx Guys xPYaaaay roooo3a &lt;33
Luuuv It mn 8alb
Keep it foo8Really beautiful drop..
Excellent delicate shot. 

Amaziin @@ !!

 - Oh ,, wallah super professional ,, loved the color .. and the type of droop .. its so attractive action =D

mashllah great photostream\
loved all stuf here ,, mashllah 5 stars photostream .. :)

well done and keep goin `` Ty all

Amazing

great shotI love the colors and textures Ty All

Bd10545 ;

its without edit =D


N!i!ce Mashallah ..,,

Love it really &lt;3 ..,,

Fantastic Job ..,,

Keep it UP ..,,



M ρhσtσgяąρhεя =) ..,,


nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)Muy buena!!Buena textura.qué bonita !!!Love the processing on this, it really pops out at you,  Well done.Wonderful!Beautiful street shot!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Nice scene...you captured this perfectly! 

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great catch looks wonderful with the splash of red to lighten up !This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.Hermosa compo!Excelente!!!This Original Artwork Was Seen In:


Texture Squared


Please tag the photo with: &quot;Texture Squared&quot; Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

You should add a book or two each Monday and see how high you can go!!! Plus, I can see some more of your favorite books.LOVE it!!!  Love the socks and Love the books you chose! :)

Good luck if you choose to make the tower higher.  Might want to have something to hold onto. lol.I love this! Mind if I steal the idea?Nice!  I may have to do something like this sometime!cute..HBMHBM! I love wally LambCUTE.Something is just right about the color choices here.. And I didn't really know how important it was to pose with the feet - but you sure pulled it off. There is just something so cute about this, and somehow, I think I would have guessed this was you..Good choice of books! I really liked Wally Lamb's book and Lucky. Great idea! Looks like you may have others trying this!like the socks and the picture too.I love it!  Cute socks too ^_^
HBM!
Cute socks and the light works :)Nice!  Love the insight into your process.  Good chuckles trying to imagine you balancing on a stack of books, holding lamps, and clicking that remote...Lovely BM shot... very tastefully done! HBM 

--

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )Ahhhh, so cute!!! HBM to you. :) And some awesome books there. Love Lucky and My Sister's Keeper. So great! 

--
http://twitter.com/ (?)those are great socks.... very cute...Very nice picture.  I don't think I'm cultured enough to come up with books worthy of stepping on.
Well done with keeping with the colour theme too! :)Great sox shot!I love the socks!
And The Time Traveler's Wife is terrific, way better then the movie.what a great idea! love the socks and books.nice book Bench .. I ever tell you about the time I tried to make a bookshelf out of a cardboard box and cut towards me with a Exact-o knife and stuck it right in my leg... while my GF of 1 month had just moved in with me (college) and she walks in the door to me hoping around in my underwear with my pants down around my ankles with a mass amount of blood running down my leg...... she made a funny joke about me being on my period ..and decided she still liked me and stuck around....I love this shot! Really creative. And those socks are to die for. Have I mentioned that I love fun socks?

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)very,very,very cute socks!!Nice Socks and Books. Great shot. Colours and textures in the books look great.Your idea turned out great. Cool tones and patterns in your socks ;)This is fantastic!! Love your socks!!You got cute socks :) Love this pic!I want those socks :) HBM!you are just a pro at coming up with interesting shots. love this image.Great socks!  Love the pic!  HBM!!! =)Great photo !! Very creative :-)lol, funny description. I can just imagine! Fun shot and fun socks... somehow I've never heard of Bench Monday :-p
--
Seen in 365: the 2010 edition (?)Do you want to publish your
photo at my group  Argyle Sock
Go on wearing argyle socks :-)such cute socks . I love it!Very nice shot! I really like the socks!

I haven´t read any of the books, but I saw The Timetravelers Wife the other day. Ok movie, but I enjoyed the series Journeyman wich had the same theme much better. =)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)The pile of books was a good idea for this. I can envision a larger pile and that would add a lot of humor to the shot but not at the risk of your personal safety. :) Nicely done.love the whimsical socks! lol... great shot!i am in love with this image :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)That would make such a funny selfie (ha ha).  Great shot and a great take on Bench Monday - books always add such wonderful colour and personality to a shot (and those fabulous socks are icing on the cake!).  I always think about doing this but it's usually not until Tuesday - is there a group for Bench Monday on Tuesday?  Maybe I'll start one: Group Members = 1Great balance...and those books do look slippery! MarshallsArt The last part of your comment might be a little too much information, lol.  Ah, the silly things we do when we're in college, wait, I didn't go to college, and I did and still do silly things, all human I guess.

Cute idea, cute socks, cute girl.

 : Elizabeth : Maybe members = 2, if I don't procrastinate. . . . . again.It's funny what we do for the pictures we take. Thank God there's not someone standing nearby photographing our silly selves while we're taking these. :-{)&gt;Great socks! Love the idea too!!This is a mighty fine book bench (and reading selection)! Indeed, you must go higher, just arrange to hold on to something as the tower grows so as not to come crashing down! We put a high-backed chair nearby to hold on to! :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )lol, leave it to a girl to take pictures of socks and books, when there's a good Thunderstorm outside ... that's where I'd have been !!!   ;-)

Actually, I'm just jealous, since I'd look ridiculous standing on a pile of books in pink socks ... but you pull it off fantastically 

... and I have to agree with Mr Lucky ... if I saw this picture in a random gallery selection, I would feel fairly confident in guessing it might be you.Great shot, love the socks! Btw, I just rented that movie on iTunes (My Sister's Keeper) but haven't watched it yet...sounds really sad.Great socks...all of these awesome bench shots make me want to try it next Monday :)super cute!Hi! Would you like to add this picture to a wonderful and little known but soon to be almost famous group?
www.flickr.com/groups/socksforhappypeople/
Thank you!
~ MegzyHi, I'm an admin for a group called I ♥ Books, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I &lt;3 your socks! ;-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is really cute too!

Seen on Fluidrwe have IDENTICAL taste in books!!! Love that! :)cute socksLove this! So creative.
And those are some good books, love Wally Lamb especially.Love everything about this...congrats on explore!YOUR SOCKS DEAR! 
YOUR SOCKS!

A combination of all my favorite colors....or better said: my favorite color combination ever!!! ever!!!!! ever!!!!
I didn't even notice the book title till I gave the pic a second glance...lol.
( Eat Pray Love..... hell yeah!!!!! ....love it...all but the last third...but still awesome book)Sencillamente extraordinaria!!!!!Great Shot! :o)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado &quot;Photo &amp; Partage&quot; y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Si hubiesemos hecho una quedada ya estariamos todos allí. Con ese encuadre realmente parece un viaje al pasado, muy buen ojo.José Luis es buenisima y con una luz muy bien medida.
SaludosPreciosa foto y todas las de la serie que habeis disparado en el mercado.La fragua de Oleza
Es cierto parece medieval 100 %.
Excelente iluminación con un encuadro perfecto

Un abrazo de 3x4.COMPLIMENTI!!!E' UNA FOTO STUPENDA!!!
THIS SHOT IS WONDERFUL!!!

www.flickr.com/groups/anticando/Menudo ambiente habéis logrado, ni la Fragua de Vulcano de Velázquez. Sensacional. ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choicePreciosa toma! Que buen comportamiento con los ISO´s tiene la D90 y luego un procesado genial. Me encantan como salen las chispas del fuego. 

Saludos pareja!Que guapa, el ambiente y el procesado es brutal.
Saludos. 
This picture deserves an Oscar award! If you haven't already, please add it to the group pool.
if you haven't already, please click here to join!Merci pour ce joli cliché !

Vu sur: &quot;Photo &amp; Partage&quot;Caramba es reality total. Que buena!

Besosssssss
KalaMuy buena!!!¡Que luz mas chula! Enhorabuena!!!La luz me encanta, muy pero que muy buena toma esta.esas chispas saltando, ¡que buena!.Hay aqui un ambiente profundo, un alma, algo magico.Magnífica imagen vista en....
Cette image a été vue magnifique ....
This image has been magnificent view ...
Dieses Bild wurde herrliche Aussicht ...
Questa immagine è stata magnifica vista ... 

World Esgrima,Escrime, Fechten,Sword,Arms, Medieval,History,Antígua,Art,Theatre.


Gracias por unirse al grupo.
Merci de rejoindre le groupe.
Thanks for joining the group.
Bitte nehmen Sie an der Gruppe.
Grazie per l'adesione del gruppo.
Obrigado por aderir ao grupo. 
USE THE CODE AWARD. Please.Realmente hermoso este trabajo, transmite el ambiente de esa época, felicitaciones!Qué buena. Chapeau.Fantástica esta foto, me gusta mucho la luz, la composición, ese fuego y las ascuas.... las texturas... vamos... todo....

SaludosBuenisima,debe de ser un mercadillo precioso y le habeis sacado un buen partido (fotografico).

Un saludogenial!!This is wonderful.Yes yes yes. I love photos like this. Ah, so gorgeous. That hand is just perfect, with the fingers spread on the glass.oh my. amazing tones and the hand and everything is so beautiful. lovehallelujah thank the lord you finally uploaded ithaha i agree with lucie, i loved this one on facebook!agree with alex and lucie i was wondering when you were going to upload this! its so coolso great!
 as alwaysawesome awesome awesome!awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ∆ We all feel lonely ∆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing.  What film did you use?you are so awesomewow. cinematic too. that hand there creates such emotions.amazing focusa stop?lovely picture, and most perfect for my gallery!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Mercy, Pity, Peace, and Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Run into flowers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonders :]wow...stunner...lovely..take care - tankAwesome,and more awesome, your awesomenessLove the colours on this one very fine macro...Great color.  Fantastic shot1st picture of the day ... good one brogorgeous shot !!!!!impresionante macro,saludos.Wonderful detail-superb macro!nice fly shot!Amazing work Mike; just perfect!

Keith

 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)Essa luz ficou bacana!Nice shot, fantastic details !hanep sa detalye bro!!
panalo yung mata na ngungusapVery diferent one with this body detail.simply a wow shot to me..lighting is fantastic..nice detailshe must be mad at you, cos
the eyes is burning red!Beautiful white, very nice shot.Nice
*Macro-Life* This amazing Macro shot was seen and appreciated in the Macro-Life Group Post one Award one &quot;please tag your wonderful macro *Macro-Life* before adding to the pool.&quot;


*If you have great Macro shots like this check us out we would
love to have your macro shots in our group*interesting creature! i've never seen one
amazing shot like usual ;)Bellissima!!Brilliant.....!!Excellent shot. superb macro.Très belle Macro....Once again, weird and wonderful!Nice shot!Gorgeous close up..!Great shot.......and colours!Fantastica!!!great detailsNot Your Normal Bug - Please Award 2

You are invited to add this Fabulous Bug Photo to
 Not Your Normal Bug


please  Read the Rules First and add the tag NotYourNormalBug
CodePasterUn macro fantástico. 
SaludosOutstanding macro.grabe! kahit bulate kita  :) hehehe.
astig sa linaw!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great fly shot, lovely colours.


I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!bakit parang putol ang katawan?Great details. Interesting color.Hanep... parang beast monster!

I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!very nice ..
looks greatJust love this silver/gold armour with red eyes 
superbso beautiful!Excellent color.nice macro, Doc!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Pinoy MACRO&quot; (?)Wonderful details !!!



I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!Fantastic details. Excellent capture.Nice macro. Congratulations!Wow - beautiful fly macro!Nice macro!! FANTASTIC!! Congratulation!!Perfecto macrogreat macro shotExcelente!!


I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!very nice macro......Awesome shot!

I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!Lindos os detalhes !!!!brilliant shot,pin sharpMuy buena ¡¡¡Wow!very interesting macro shot, superb!ang balbon nya at talgang mestiso ha.. anep sa silip!

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Wow the details are almost scary , fantastic colors!Very nice shot.


Seen in ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS
All About Insects &amp; Spiders 


If you receive 4 or more awards, please post medium size to our awards thread.Wow ...excellentWith bright red eyes!
Seen in ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS
All About Insects &amp; Spiders 
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh and Bokeh 散景世界, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

very nice work
Super
fantastic colors and details.une mouche albinose !! :)
superbe prise !doesnt matter ...the blur gives a good  little softness i like the left part with the sky and all that blurry peoplei wish i lived in new york. I love it! I dont think theres such thing as a crap shot on NY! This is a great candidYeah, nevermind the bollock here is Loomax*  !Straight off the big screen, the shot I posted today is two blocks away!another motion picture still Max!Great render - You caught some NY style with the woman too!NIce! Very nice!Big fav again! Very natural tone but still very cinematic!

What a cutie too!like a cinema stillgreat urban catch ..

more expusure .. better??Tons of interesting stuff here! I like the gloomy feel....got blur? doesnt matter actually. as long as the image is strong! amazing scene!Very interesting color pallet and I like the darkness of the image.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/38509426@N07/] small world ^_^Purée les tonalités quand même, sont ultra &quot;eye-magnet&quot;...Great shot.~james - me too!  The potential for cool street scenes seems infinite!  Love the busy background with all the lights and signs :-)perfect!Bah pourtant, le gars derrière est très net ^_^
Superb as always !brunauto : Je n'exclus  pas le fait d'avoir merdé avec le focus ... ;-)great one man...!the blur gives more cinematic feel sometimes, excellent shot anyway!superbAmazing work!!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)your shots always have this different look and color tonesreally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!i love love love love this =DAwesome cinematic shot!You're talking rubbish sir. I was holding one in my hands just last week.Yes, but it was *that* one there. Right hand shelves, 4th row up, silver thing on the right hand side.

But then, you knew that.Looking good! I wish I had the room to show my collection off like that!Good God man! There must be at least megabyte of RAM in that room.About 100 machines, average RAM, oh, 32K I'd of thought. That'll be 3.2Mb thankyouverymuch!Two things: A) That's gonna be some dusting!

B) How anal-retentive are you, exactly...?   :D

Oh, three things, actually --&gt; C) the husband got very excited by this. I suspect you'd get along very well...HA! I'm really not that anal-retentive at all. Honest. They go up on the shelves and they just sit there. I'm just tidy when I do it. 

And yes, dusting, was thinking about vacuum wrapping the whole room, to save the hassle! (I might be joking. But if I could....)See, I say charge guys (it is going to be mainly guys, isn't it, let's face it...) to come view the collection and that will pay for you to get a maid service to keep them clean for you. ;)You should have broken dozens of chairs while playing that long :)Wow.  This is the most impressive collection i've ever seen!  Do you work with these are they just fun to collect?Very nice shot. You make it look like a very photogenic town. Liking your  urban night shots at the moment, all top notch.Beautiful bridge, excellent picture!superb, keep em coming!Brilliant. Like the way the railing in the foreground creates an arrow leading you into the shot.thanks guys, vSep, please see edit above, thanks.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant image!muy bonita!! me gusta muchoNice use of shapes.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a new world, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called piece of heaven, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beauty
but..... If you've moved the pod a bit  to the right the railing and the reflection of the arch would be more symmetrical thoit doesn't mean it is shabby 
.
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called wOw FACTORY-Admin invited BASED ON STREAM RECOGNITION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stonker anthonynice composition...Very good work as allways :-)an absolute belter and i'm jealous i couldn't make it.Great light and composition!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!BrilliantThis reminds me of M83's music video &quot;We Own The Sky&quot; 

Which is a very very good thing, haha.beautiful!stunningA beautyA joy.Love the light colours
--
Seen in the group&quot;Olympus XA Users Collective&quot; ( ?² )so very good.looks like something van gogh would paintdamn..
unreal..Thanks everyone! Appreciate the comments.Beautiful scene!Congratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!What a wonderful colors! Great!

Seen on FluidrGrand shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Oh my, everything about this is beautiful.Perfect!Thanks so much everyone!awesome! looks like a painting....!The colors in this are wonderful and make me long for summer!love your wellies! HBM!Just so adorable. 

--
Seen in Flickr Group Roulette (?)This looks like Front Page to me... The colors are vibrant and fresh, and there's just so much going on in the photograph. And you can hardly go wrong with a pair of pretty legs in knee-socks!This is sweet...loving those socks :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This is great!  LOVE the brightness and colors!  HBM!!!great shot, and love all the colors! wishing for spring here too!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Group Roulette&quot; (?)I love the colors and the socks!Love all the colors and the socks are super cool!so very cute ~ love the socks. I too want spring to be here.so happy - so cute!nice little 365 you have going on here, I can see the pictures getting better and better (I just scrolled through most of them).

I like the way your left leg is kind of cocked knee out a little bit.

This photo makes me happy.great socks! a really happy picture :)SUPER cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you r just......:-)cute ~ love the colorVery cute:-)Very interesting and creative composition. The colors are great!Really cute.  Love all that you have going on.  The bulbs were a great addition.  :)i love how full this picture is.  so much to look at.  and lovely to boot!You have real talent!  Your pictures never fail to captivate me and I often find myself coming back and looking at them again, a rarity for me...  Keep up the good work, I'm looking forward to the next 322 days. :)very cute*Very cute!!Ecxellent set up.Ooooh, awesome socks! Love the wellies and flowers too. Happy Late Bench Monday!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)I adore your socks! Such an awesome shot.Hi! Would you like to add this picture to a wonderful and little known but soon to be almost famous group?
www.flickr.com/groups/socksforhappypeople/
Thank you!
~ Megzyvery cute!!impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!My green thumbs are getting itchy too. Fun colours and composition here.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Yeah this is just too cute for words!Wonderfully setup and taken... this is just way good! HBM! 



Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )I never had much luck with cyclamens - yours are beautiful - so vivid.
Sweet socks and gumbootsflowers- awesome wellies- and awesome socks. the trifecta!!So nice!  I know what you mean about spring!  I was dying to buy seeds the other day, but relented with new houseplants (african violets).  HBM!Haha...awesome socks. I love the contrast with the wall and all of the coloring in the shot.Nice composition ! I love the socks and the boots ! HBM !!!Excellent !!Haha, well, many of us guys never have to worry about our hair or makeup. And I'm sure some people would consider that a very bad thing--especially when looking at my pictures. ;-)great shoes!so very Wizard of OZ well a little and yes i have to do my SP and not feeling very ready so maybe i will spend sometime with my flawless GF and get inspired ... would love to see more pleaseI love the vintage feel of this...just perfect....love the shoes. those are some sex worthy shoes, if I do say so myself. I rate all my shoes that way!!!

seen in HBM...NICE!!!

Keep safe. Have a wonderful Tuesday My Dear Friend.

...love itLove the idea
Great inspiration CCR !
:-)Such a gorgeous image. Love the vintage feel Coco.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Beautiful..Love it!! HBM!This is way, way cute....happy Monday to you too.  xoxo

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I love the texture.  It seems so SJP. Great shot!very cute. &hearts; hbm!!Awesomeness!

(Dorothy!  Where are you!?)really wonderful colors and great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )Sassy!this is stunningI really really love this Coco!  I love the socks with the pumps and the texture is perfect!love it!Love this one! Congrats on Explore! I never make it! :(Great shot!
Great compo and congrats on explore!so great!Amazing. Love the socks with heels.impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!This is too HOT!I love this version.it looks so tasty!!!!Great capture of a beautiful set!  ^-^I could use some Pho right now *hungry* xDnicely taken. =PGreat picture!! (Still looking for this set (_ _) - am gonna find it sooner or later)so cute:X:Xreally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Thats bludie lovely! Great capture mate. Officers in the back too, at first I thought it was driver training lol :pLovely!That's such a lovely car.gawjusThats lovely, great catch :)Thanks. Luckily the traffic was very bad in the city centre that day, so it had to sit there with it's blue's and two's on for a good few minutes waiting for a gap in the traffic.Nice one mate, is this likely to have been brought by the force due to the age of it, demo's usually dont last this long and are updated every now and thenIt's not a demonstrator mate, DS = Driving school. They use this to train Ocu Officers in the Standard Police Driving Course. They target busy areas, with lots of traffic to practice blue light runs etc..Its definently an ex demo.Thanks for letting me know PKCNUT - photo details amended.Very niceWow fantastic, its not easy to capture lightning. Great work.Wow what a catch!Stunning capture!!!Awesome shot! and congratulations :)oh my landsss DXXGood idea, nice work !!!!!Brilliant!thumbs up my friend. great catchwow! perfectGreat!!!Wow, stunning ...Whaattt this is awesome!!muy buen momento para capturar de esa manera tan brillante el rayo de la tormenta.A very serendipidous shot! Blessings to your daughter and to her new family!

This photo is the best!

Seen in Post The Best 
Gesehen in Post the Best
www.flickr.com/groups/523764@N22/wow...!!Yeah!!! Nice catch!Congratulations!This wonderful image was also seen in
±100 AШΑRĐZ or Less than «500» Crazy Comments!!!♥No Posting Limit♥
Nice shot.
~ Seen in Your Best Photography (?)Great!!!Wow! Fantastic shot! Gongratulations!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All memories are welcome 1 post 3 comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is amazing!! I love the little drops in the foreground...This is a beautiful image!! 
Your photo was viewed in: 


'Your Preferred Picture'Elsa - agree....it does add something to it for sure ;)

Thanks everybodyExcelente momento amigo! O click foi na hora certa, parabéns!This is a beautiful image!!
Your photo was viewed in:


'Your Preferred Picture'WOW!!! Great timing!stunning capture..!!Timing!!!Thanks all
All Memories WelcomeThis is really good! 

Seen in Explore.Brilliant image!! Wonderful workBest Bench Monday ever. I like Katie's suggested crop too. ;)I think it would be better if you said &quot;Hey high five?&quot; and she just clotheslined your assyou should have so cloned out that bench.love it all! great story to go with!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Group Roulette&quot; (?) lol!!!!

hahahahah Best jumpin' Hi5 EVA!!!nice capture! It would be a much better crop, IMHO.
 Well now I've got an idea for 'P'. Katie pwning my ass.
 Fuck! Why didn't I think of that? Damn my sad-ass photoshop skills!i love you guys and your jumping!!!YOUR FACES!!  This is day three of hilarious expressions from you. Loooove it.LOL! This makes me laugh -- your super enthusiastic jump and her just standing there amusing you! Hahahahaha! You and Katie sure make a great team.  :D

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow, you can get some serious air, my friend!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ditto on Katie's crop suggestion...eheheh just kidding. Awesome air!this made me laugh....happy hbm!lol. poifect:)i love you two.haha!  Awesome!yay, this is so cool!A regular comedy duo. I love every bit of this.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )i like how she rolls. ok, you too. :)I've always known she'd grow tired of jumping, lol.  It's cool how it's hard to tell your guys' height.ha ha ha ha ha I love thisThe difference between the expression on your face and the expression on hers is priceless!i wish that was Vic,and you were doing a dropkick.This cracks me up. 

HH-A-H-5BM!This made me laugh so hard.  I love you guys.lol at the suggested crop.  Great bench monday jumping shot!H is for hilarious! :D I didn't read the comments so someone may have already said this for all I know. It's late! :D Haha. Great jump, as always!haha great!Hahaha half-assed high five :) Love that word! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Too damn cute. :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)where do you guys live?  i'm moving there and having fun with yous.cool!fabulous!!

This jump would look great in the
ACTION! Shot Revolution group pool!Congrats on explore!really cute image.
i love the idea.

Senza parole...strong work - powerful view of the famous landmark


excellentCiel dramatique.J'aime.If you view it large, you see the top peeking out from the clouds, bravo Nadia, j'aime :)amazing mood!! love it!quels cieux!! :)

Sous le ciel de Paris
S'envole une chanson hum hum
Elle est nee d'aujourd'hui
Dans le coeur d'un garcon
Sous le ciel de Paris
Marchent des amoureux hum hum
Leur bonheur se construit
Sur un air fait pour eux
Sous le pont de Bercy
Un philosophe assis
Deux musiciens
Quelques badauds
Puis les gens par milliers
Sous le ciel de Paris
Jusqu'au soir vont chanter hum hum
L'hymne d'un peuple epris
De sa vieille cite
Pres de Notre Dame
Parfois couve un drame
Oui mais a Paname
Tout peut s'arranger
Quelques rayons
Du ciel d'ete
L'accordeon d'un marinier
L'espoir fleurit
Au ciel de Paris
Sous le ciel de Paris
Coule un fleuve joyeux hum hum

:))

www.redkaraoke.es/canciones/Sous-le-ciel-de-Paris/8589/videoabsolutely stunning! wonderful photo!preciosas..It's amazing!!! The colours of the sky and the contrast with the black cloud is a beautiful choice!! Great compositioN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really gooD! A fav!MagnificaBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe MuLTi MeGa SQuaRe, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

--


500x500
...we like to see your
interesting square photo
in our group 500x500!!! .

--
Seen in the group&quot;500x500&quot; ( ?² )Rafael, Merci beaucoup pour ce lien et les paroles :)
C'est une chanson que j'adore et que j'écoute souvent ( surtout la version de Juliette Greco :)Extraordinaire Nadiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh...!c'est vraiment très joli ! Une belle atmosphère règne sur Paris apparemment :o)Great take!

MuLTI MeGa SQuaReWhat a dramatic cloud!! Wonderful capture!love this color explosionIncroyable cette vision de la tour qui disparait dans le nuage !!Wonderful - something foreboding and industrial about this treatment.wow!  completely and utterly breathtaking!it's like the sky is on fire ..... dramatic and fantastic industrial Eiffel view !!Tu lui as foutu le feu, pffffff, que vont faire les touristes ? :-)J'ADORE ! ! ! ! des contrastes de couleurs saisissants... La fusion du ciel et de la Terre est géniale ....bravo !C'était couru d'avance : on explore !
Félicitations Nadia !!!Que serait Paris sans sa tour,  si le ciel lui tombe dessus ? !!!
Extraordinaire réalisation.Wow, great clouds..
Really powerful shot !!Très belle imageon dirait presque une grosse fumée d'incendie !!
toujours tres zolie mamzelle !magnificentsemble que les nuages sont nés de la tourbeautiful Nadia :-DThank you for the visit to Paris.Merci, Many thanks to all !!!!!! :)

Benoît : ils n'ont qu'à visiter le Louvre :-)

Jean-Marc: merci pour la nouvelle : on explore ;)Great!!wooow

really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Is Paris burning ??
Awesome creation !!tu es forteMagnifica,ese barrio tiene mucho juego y tu nos lo estas enseñando.Impresiona la toma y la edicion.


   SaludosFantastica composicion y procesado, has creado una atmosfera muy interesanteMagnifica,
Saludosen esta esta toda la esencia de lo que significa el Factor Humano ...buenismima Piter!!!!!que gama de grises mas cojonuda !!!
magnifica Toni

Muy buena foto 

FOTO VISTA EN / SEEN IN El Factor Humanomagnifica, encuadre. edición y atmósfera !!!Con tu sello de identidad. Muy buena .

   Un saludo.

Gracias por comentar mi fotoY la gente??? Una toma excelente! Me gustan estas tomas de callejones! Saludos.Me gusta mucho el procesado y el encuadre.

SaludosBuena composicion con un encuadre magnifico.¿Hacia la nada?
ES UNA FOTOGAFIA DE SOLEDAD SONORA Y METÁLICA..
ME PARECE SOBRECOJEDORA

FELICIDADES TANITONo, hombre, algo bueno encontrará....., digo yo : )))

Me gusta, mucho.
BesosssEstoy de acuerdo, es sobrecogedora y me produce una sensación de soledad tremenda. Dicho esto, me parece una foto absolutamente cojonuda en todos los sentidos. Maravilla de encuadre y procesado.excelente amigo T. Setenil-saludoshacia la luz sobre ruedas... !
impresionante,
la textura de los muros contrastando con la nada blanquecina del final del trayecto es genial

y él, solito, parece decidido a ingresar en ese mundo de la nadaQue bien captas estos preciosos barrios antiguos de Barcelona amigo eres un crack.Otra Made in Tanito genuína. 

(Que todo vaya bien Toni. Un abrazo muy fuerte)Una imagen magnífica y una edición de lujo.Muy buena foto 

FOTO VISTA EN / SEEN IN El Factor HumanoBonita composición,  excelente tomaY yo me pegunto... ¿como consigues estos tonos tan frios y cálidos a un tiempo? Algún día quizás quieras decirmelo...
Feliz noche.Una foto preciosa tanito, podría ser como parte de una historia, que a saber ...  magnífico trabajo
Un saludo amigostunning work
very grey, but cool !Estas calles me recuerdan las de mi capital San Juan, me traen hermosos recuerdos!!!
Abrazo hermano!!!Perfecta captura y espectacular edición))eres todo un experto en este tipo de fotos Toni... parece la portada de un libro...Excelente urbana, Toni, el encuadre y la edición son muy buenos. Un saludo amigo.Excelente composición y fantastico monotono
FelicitacionesBuenisima esta toma tanito y un buen tratamiento
saludosexcelente la composición y el procesado....
saludosHijo mio!!!!! Que voy a decir que ya no hayan dicho... Pues que genial!!!! :)Recordando aquella frase marxista, sección Groucho, &quot;&quot;Partiendo de la nada alcancé las más altas cimas de la miseria.&quot;. Buen trabajo, compañeroFantastica Tanito, bien tratado el ByN. Un saludo

Una edición con tu sello. Preciosa!Te estás saliendo, gran jefe, con tus últimos procesados. La foto de hoy tiene personalidad propia, he visto andar al chavalote, eso creo.... Preciosa y muy creativa.... Muy buena foto, Toni.

Un abrazo.Que bueno ese procesado.
SaludosGenial, este tratamiento procesa...que les haces una verdadera maravilla, preciosa. Feliz semanaThank you for the visit my friend.  Truely a nice place and a very good photo of it.

denis¿Es eso que llaman Orton lo que les haces a tus fotos? Porque quedan preciosas.
Ésta tiene un aire melancólico que me encanta.muchas graciaaas :)la perspectiva tiene una atmosfera de soledad increibleGenial..obra mestra

salut i molt bona tarda!!!muy bien captada esa profundidad!!!¿Qué más se puede decir? Simplemente fantástica.
Saludosexcelente, es muy bonita esa forma de perderse por la ciudad.Excelente composicion y perspectiva. Un abrazo.una composición magnífica. Me encanta. El título le viene de lujo.una pasada de composición y edición !!!Hay que se me habia pasado, que voy a decirte que bordas este tipo de ediciones y escenas. Saludos y hasta pronto:)magnifico encuadre y la edicion es un lujo .........Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ·Spirit  Of Photography (Post 1 Award 5) - sweeper active now y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Made in Tanito factory ;9
Preciosa!!Impresionante edición, Tanito. Muy buena
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 ----------------

This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
commented with SICI (2009-02-03)nice composition as usualComo dijo Groucho Marx.
&quot;Partiendo de la nada hemos alcanzado las más altas cotas de miseria.&quot;
=-)
Excelente trabajo. Las líneas de las baldosas trazan el camino de personaje.Pues estará jodio el portatil......pero el que no esta jodio es el jodio Tanito......que cada vez que dispara nos pone a todos con los brazos en alto sobrecogidos con su única visión.

¿Como que hacia la nada????.......ese no se muy bien a donde va, pero tu vas de cabeza al éxito.......que yo de esto entiendo:-))

Un fuerte abrazo, antes de que la fama te haga olvidar a los amigos......genio!!!Toni excelente esos tonos frios, estoy con mis compañeros en que produce sensación de soledad.
SaludosAbsolutely a gorgeus shot! Incredible light and composition. Good work.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 AwardGenial... el procesado es magnifico. Parece que vaya a desaparecer en el fondo en cualquier momento. Una genialidad mas.
Felicidades amigo, es un trabajo estupendo.Great capture
Have a nice day 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 Awardvery nice!=)LOL on the title,  Well done, nice focus and dreamy mood.An own spotlight for this lonely drop.... Love the blue swirls, like smoothed velvety waves, silently moving forward. Wonderfully clear.... Mukavaa maanantai-iltaa! :)sweet...the title rocks. 
The detail kicks my ass.
Nicesuch amazing detail
marvelous tones n light :)haha love the title!looks like a FP 2 meVery nice, great color!magnifique. love the deep deep tonesBeautiful! What a lovely smooth shot, wow! Have a great week my friend. :)Smart focus and beautiful colour.Cool and clean shot bro..
looks great,,Such knife-cutting shaprness! Lovely work!stunning macro work! love the blue tonesCertainly this week's coolest title, lovely steel grey colours and interesting almost abstract view!Whaat!? I had to check that title from the urban dictionary.  Well, very nice photos anyway. :Dwow, so beautiful dof and wonderful tones!
great work as usual!Really great dof!
perfect focus and composition!
i love the tones, great!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Awesome !!!Beautiful. :)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Loistavaa syväterävyyden hallintaa. HIeno yksityiskohta!gorgeous macroReal good macro in a artistic form!!excellent focus!Sublime abstract.....very well done!great focus and colors. you have a very fascinating stream!briliant !My favorite kind of tones.Wow.I love macro photos :))))
AMAZING!wow..the detail is amazing..love the tonesDetail, texture, tone, all is amazing in this shot, congratulationsGreat macro... lovely tones.  How did you come up with that title!!!!Fantastic macro-shot friend...!!!

=)vey nice great worklol great title! Fantastic depth and tonesLove! ~ Super tones and lightwow my friend, the lighting and tones in this are remarkable!!beautiful droplet,
stunning compositionLove the dof!Smashingbeautiful shot and the tones are wonderful..i took my sweet time to read the title :)Thanks for sharing your wonderful  black and white image in Black and White and Monochroma! Don't forget to invite your contacts!lovely dof...molto belladof, tones and detail in this one are amazing!excellent detail in focus!Very nice.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)super details and focus!Very nice..!!Wowwwww brilliant!!!! Awesome detail and tones!BTW I really have to laugh about the title! :-))

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Knight and his Princess (Admins invite only) P 1 - A/C 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!brilliant specialized focus .. nice contrast with dark background.an Outkast classic song!

Great shot, love the DoF!Great shot and creative title lol!Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveninganother sublime work of art!Excellent work! Superb focus and light!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very very beautiful!!! Masterly done!Lovely tones and focus. You the man.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love the title and a very cool water droplet the textures and the detail are incredible.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Classic Latyrx shot!pure luxury and indulgence. lovely.Beautiful tones and details!Simply great, light is magic here!this is great!! like the focus and the deep blue here!!Great detail!wooonderful great work!I feel like touching it!man, i have missed out on this pic, shame on me!!
lol
i started to say the title out loud, gave up, i sounded like a sick baboon:)) 

but back to the picture - incredible tones - you're the man with tonality:))
lovely details and textures around the water drop:) 
excellent work Mikko:))

have a wonderful week:))Awesome... :)very nice details. gentle touch of light. like it.Gorgeous macro and amazing light &amp; details in that drop!beautiful closeup!the color is stunning!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Excellent DoF and great tone! Well done.Amazing details! Gorgeous.Excellent macro! cool DoF and tonesperfect macro shotprecious &amp; elegant water drop, like this &quot;cold&quot; tones 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely details!Amazing!!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful macro - great light and tones
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)dude this is intense :) love the monotone :)))Wonderful shine!Wonderful macro, DOF and tones! (Nothing more to say than Pe...ele!) :Dfabulous macro! amazing light!the sharpness is unreal. incredible shot :)Fine art, Mikko, bravo! :)Very sharp!nice excelent detail on the drop, awesome blue tonesAwesome DoF and clarity. Beautiful tones!the lighting is so nice. the mood is great as wellThat is super smooth dof Mikko - wonderful, dark, blue tones and superb details in this macro. Droplet is super sharp - LOVE it! :)Great lighting and focus!wonderful cool work!fantastic macro, nice work :)Great details in the droplet!
Like the blueish tone!gorgeous!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )beautiful.....

like like like like ..... :)really great detail!!!!Sharp and very fine detail. Great depth also.Love this tone, and that drop seemed so lonely.Amazing macro!beauty in the detail and the tones.Super !I love the dark colors and the feeling in this photo.  Nicely done.Impressive this drop in the tone that I love blue, very good work you've done, as always, congratulations my dear friend.Awesome!fantastic macro! the details and light is really wonderful.. Beautiful shot!friggin brilliant! stunning blue tone and DOF.impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!Oh wow, this is really nice, love the colour tone.very nice, you are an upload machine ! ;)) i love your workBriliance!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )fantastic shot! love the sharpness and the atmosphere!excellent focus :)Excellent work!Great detail, focus, and blue dark tones.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)That's beautiful!fab shot, love the colour and crop works so wellGorgeous shot, I love flower photos.  Love the crop too.This is gorgeous.  Hope he's getting better and better by the minute xbeautiful pic. Hope he is feeling betterGorgeous. Sending positive vibes for Micah.Gorgeous. Sending lots of positive vibes xxYour flower shots are really gorgeous. I hope Micah gets better soon.gorgeous colours.. great focus.. hope your little 'un gets better soonThis is a gorgeous macro image my friend!!!
Excelent job!!!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Nice shotimpressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!miniaturised monsters - what an epic landscape, fantastic compositionWow.  Nice vast breadth of landscape and length of the powerful locomotive.  There is an element of strength to this photo, of drive forward.Majestic really.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Big country; small train.This is a splendid shot! My favourite.Absolutely spectacular!

Bart.Wow, that's some view!What a panorama. The train going through that cut is excellent. A great railroading and landscape shot.Spectacular landscape and picture!A splendid composition. Ianhehehe...you just got it and already putting some miles on it.....go, go!!Sweet! (Nice shoes btw.)I like this, it's cute!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Very cool. They rock!Wooooohooooo! Love this! :)That is too cool!Awesome!!!  Lina and Abe are the bestestestest!!!

Can't wait to see all the awesomeness you create with the new camera!!Just love this to pieces!yay!!!  i love the Leica texture in there!Ctim inDeeeeeed. 

awesome.
you are a big girl now !! :Pyay new toys from awesome friends!!woo hoo!! nothing can stop you now brooke!  :)Thank you all!!! xoxoxox bestest flicky friends in this flickrverse!!!oooh good luck and kick some stupid school ass now brookles!lovely photo, and good luck with school :-)......... I'm going to start adding noses to the smiling faces.Freaking love it....esp. on black.Love this!!  And I love every last little bit about Abe and Liina sending you that camera.  But you know that.  &hearts;wow...you're so cool with an DSLR...awesome shot contrast etc perfect 
did you shoot bw or process later looks 
 as good or better than  bw film 
detail perfectyay!!!!! I love the set up in this shot! Yay for friendship and awesome sauce in abundance!oh, i'm so glad you got a DSLR... aren't abe and liina the bestest?!
ps hiiiiiiiiiii!Abe and Liina are so awesome. 

This is so great!!  You're adorable, lady.  &lt;3

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)We have to make them Flickr's mum and dad.love the composition.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome :)Very Cool!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great to have you back! Very nice color scheme you cought here Elena. The layers of dressing are so very interesting.Thank you Varn!Welcome back!!! Gosh!! Was ready to call &quot;911, lost and found&quot; LOL!! But I see you were out having good time!!!Good for you!! 

Terrific capture, Elena!! Love how the little pooch is waiting to cross!!! Great dof composition and colors!!

My blog:  San Francisco de Quito with more of images!!

My blog:  And now, the Sunday's funniesHey sweetie, sorry about this, I left without saying goodbye!...Glad to know I've been missed :-))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickrs - Picture Perfect  p1 /c 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very beautiful!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:YA TENEMOS GANADOR!!!(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Una foto + que mil palabras(post1-vote2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!che belli quegli stivaletti.. mi piace questa inquadratura!Great shot, Elena!..Very well composed. A touch of vintage and an overall feeling of peace...I want that boots :D
good colorNice and funny ! both are incredible....

 
Please add this Wonderful photo to: Photos of Quality to Smile About - Please leave 2 CommentsLovely picture ~ How are you my dear Elena ? No see long time :-)

Hope you are wellWonderful composition &amp; capture, Lovely colors &amp; amazing clarity!!!Such a sweet shot, lovely composition! :-)Problem with contacts photos, check out the link
www.flickr.com/help/forum/en-us/120799/just love those cute little bootsgreat composition... excellent idea to select to show this part of the imageadorable...
love the boots and lace... :) 
well composed....
Please visit my web site and sigh my guest book
www.photographybymsjudi.com
thank you... blessings, Ms JudiCongrats for Explore!Thank you Varn!...nice shot,very good......Great lighting!!
Beautiful work. :)what a lovely mask shot - the shadows really define the curves of the face here.  is it a moon or?Awesome light and great detail.Not only the mask is expressive, but the way you've lighted it really 'speaks' to me...Eric
a great shot. Do you know the artist of this mask?Sadly, I don't know the artist... and I can't take credit for the lighting either. I just pointed the lens through the gallery window.

Thanks for the comments and compliments!nice lighting and incredible clarity.. it's so clean!That's a great photo!  Excellent!very niceBeautiful mask - it appears to be from the Haida or Coast Salish.WELL ERIC...THIS PHOTO IS REALLY A WINNER...AS DRAMATIC AS YOU COULD EVER GET.  GOOD FOR YOU,  BECAUSE YOU COULD SELL THIS IMAGE TO THE POSTCARD COMPANY ...QUICK!!!  ( FOR THE OLYMPIC CROWD...IT'S THAT GOOD!)  I THINK YOU COULD RUN INTO A FEW PROBLEMS WITH THE ARTIST  (IT SHOULD BE HAIDA)  AND IN A CASE LIKE THIS MAYBE SPLIT HALF AND HALF.  i'M SURPRISED YOU GOT AWAY WITH A PHOTO IN A GALLERY....!  JUST A BEAUTIFUL SHOT OF A BEAUTIFUL PIECE OF Haida ART!  (i COLLECT  AND STUDY THIS KIND OF ART. EXCEPT I HAVE TO GO TO THE 'LOW END' BECAUSE I CANNOT AFFORD THE HIGH END...LIKE WHAT YOU GOT A PHOTO OF..HOW MUCH WAS THE PIECE?REGARDS  PattyWow :-Owow so interesting,the detail is really beautiful!Very nice light. Thanks for your words on the picture of my daughter.very impressive mask!What a beautiful detail it is !Really striking, even more so with the lighting!very beautiful.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow, this is soooo beautiful!! Fabulous!Very beautiful lighting and detail !!the light shows off the contours really well. nice cheekbones tooLove the way they have set the lighting. Cool capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great lighting!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beautiful Light - One a Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Love the light!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow...how did you not get a reflection off the glass?...wonderful mood and colors here!!great lighting!!
very interesting!!What an outrageous image. Nice!Even just pointing the lens through the window....

You have to se the shot.. and you saw a great one... nice image.
1~
Aмαααzίиġ ѕσ lσvэlч кээρ ġσίnġ 
3la 8lbe walla it's CoOl
GoOd J0B al_pic row3a mthlak
y36eek al3afeh  8MT Al Abda3
Ya Ya 7rkat walla  V.N!Ce P!C
Rw3aa × Rw3aa 
Abd3 x Abd3  Greate Taken
7beet el words mashala ebda3 fi ebda3 3jbTne walla 
comment me pl!z
يآشين الۅقت من دۅنہ ۅآنا قاعد ذبحنے الشوق لہ *

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/26566039@N06/4339531581/]


;O



alaaah ya 7lawtk ;Pp .. Faved*
niiiiice  faaaaaav Fav ;)!so fave&lt;33333Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Arab Chatroom, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Wonderful
&lt;3
Nice 7yatiii
Edeeeeeeeetc wallla
Ooya 3aleeeeeech bsS
Ämøøøt ana
Ya 7lwch
&lt;33333333
(k)(k)(k)(k)(k)
Coment me 7yatii...Gr8 (Y) !&lt;3KweeelOo


rby y5aalkm 4 each otha ;Pp3jeeeba ;**
FAAvNiiiiCc 
Raww333aaa 
&lt;3333 it

coment me plzz &amp; not if u want :$

FAAAvVamazin' &lt;3


DLC &lt;3
Nice shOt ;)absolutely adorable!!!She is so incredibly cute!!!!  WOW!  Up since 2:30?  What a party animal!  LOL!  I absolutely adore the tutu.  My girls would kill for one.  :0)HEE!!  This is fabulous!  I love all the skirts...

My 2 year old was up at 4 yesterday morning- I so feel your pain.  LOLlove the tongue!!! hehe!! so cute! ok seriously what happened last night? one of my twins was up at 200am too!!!hee! So cute, I love all the petticoats.soooo cuteI love the shot of the collapse up top with the tiny toes just sticking out.Hee!
Little feet!
But...ummm...2 am?
DUDE!
What did you do?
:)OMGosh! I love these photos. I especially like the one with the dress and her feet. You must be exhausted if she has been up since 2:30.ha!  that is the cutest little tutu dress evah!!!!
LOVE the one of her crashed on the floor, feet peeking out!  :Dfabulous!  sooo darling!So adorable ... that tutu is precious! Love how she wore herself out! :)So adorable… Lovely colours… Cute little angel!!!Oh this is so cute. Really I wanna have a girl and dress her like that :)
Love the picture where she lies passed out on the floor and you see her feet and the dress.haha this is so cute! love itSo so very cute!  I love all the colors in her skirts.  Sorry you've had to be up all night though:(

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)omg, i love her...i think she and Ruby would get along great!  and 2:30!  are you kidding me?...ugh.oh...adorable!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)These are great!  I love the dress and the little feet.lol! what a wonderful dress she has! I bet without it it wouldn't be such a fun for her :)) Great pictures!Sooo adorable. I love the &quot;flamenco dancing&quot; actions...and that skirt is just gorgeous!!I don't know what is better, these super cute shots or your narrative!  Love it!  You're a funny one...no wonder Girlfriend is so free spirited!! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)She looks like she's had some fun!  What cute shots!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so funny! I love the shot on the upper right!How fun!! What a cutie! I really like the colors.Super douper cute!!Super stinkin' cute!!!  love the cllage!  and the title too!
She is too darned adorable!  ( that bebe!)
guess my favorite is the upper right one&quot;)
sure love those colors and love the way you told it too:)

HOPE YOU ARE FEELING BETTER TOO

HUGZ
Cindy

Kris I remember those days too and thought no rest in sight ever!  NOW I miss them

Oh that sweet Bebe!lol, i know that story all to well, great images 

--
Seen in the group&quot;The right way&quot; (?)This is adorable and she really has got some moves! =)This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.precious!OMG, how cute!!!  How many pettis is she wearing, ha ha?!!Oh my goodness! This is soooo cute! I would totally be framing that one in the upper right hand corner...priceless!Absolutely too cute of a triptych! Is she wearing...a sleeping mask?...while busting a move?  MC Hammer is his best day couldn't pull that off. :)

Congrats on a precious Explore!adorable collage! so cute :)nice.  impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!This is awesome, she looks like she has some serious moves! Too cute and I love her petti skirt!!!Adorable, what a sweet skirt, I may need one of those for me!!!I love the sway of her skirt!!  She's sooooo adorable!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)What a great pettiskirt. I love the shot of her feet poking out of that skirt.  Awesome collage.I could stare at this all day! It makes me smile from ear to ear!!! She is beyond cute and her little personality is just jumping out of these images. I looove these so much!so cute! this put a smile in my face ( :Oh Kris her little personality shines brighter than any star!Nice work and soft colors,dreamy photoSpot on....glad you left the bruise on. Very artistic...the grainy feel makes it timeless!!! Would have wanted the full profile of the face though (not sure why..since this photo is already perfect as it is). Good job!Nice work! I love the colors.good pic :)thats so so cool.this is really great!A wonderful original idea, beautifully realised :)the guys are going to like it. Looks like all comments are &quot;decent&quot; so far.
I hope it stays that way. Interesting photo.Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningNice take on the theme.  LIke the soft texture and tone to this.
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenI love the pics with water !Beautifully done!Lovely dreamy atmosphere captured my friend!Thanks so much everyone! ScenicShooter the cutting off of my profile was accidental so i tried again for a full profile a few times but in the end i like like one best, so i made a mess of my bathroom for nothing (getting in and out of the tub soaking wet with only a 10sec. timer.Love these tones and the atmosphere !
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )I'M GOING To try one last  time to get my point across simply great camera work great model (with feeling for the part) great use of the camera /two to a bath where's the soap?love it, this really really goodThis is truly a work of art!!!
You deserve another award:
 &quot; Art Is a Woman &quot;
Tag the photo: ArtIsaWomanFantastic work - I like it the way it is!!!WOW, !! Great shot.!!!!!!I just saw this shot in Explore - congrats on creating a wonderful image.i love it. the slight grain works sooo well here. you create a mood beautifully.it's got a very transient, ethereal quality from the processing that I love.  congrats on explore!
seen in 52.5 of 2010Yes Explored!!! For once you guys found out before I did!!!! Thank you everyone for your kind comments, faves, and additions to galleries!Wonderful shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Crazy and geniuses = Folli e geni [ Invited Images Only ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

It's a wonderful sensual shot!LOL...I'm sorry about the mess! Welcome to the club...sometimes photography can be like the movie &quot;Groundhog Day&quot; but we keep at it ...and in the end...we say...geez it was there all along...lol I can't stop chuckling now...well...It turned out perfect as I said before! Lovin your art!Nicely executed concept. Love the tones in this.
Seen in a discussion of 52.5 of Twenty Ten.Fabulous!

Good to see your amazing shot !

A crazy &amp; geniuses Image!!!
 
Crazy and geniuses
Folli e geni Group Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Good to see your amazing shot !

A crazy &amp; geniuses Image!!!
 
Crazy and geniuses
Folli e geni Group  Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artists

 Invited images onlyBeautiful shot... the bathroom mess was worth it!Nice dreamy quality.Wonderful work, congrats on Explore!now this is outstanding, craig, but i'll bet you already knew that!Love it! Which block is this?this is on Crittendon Pl NW - right between Biltmore and Calvertas always your colors are amazing.My favorite of the group, I think...  I'd like to live in the yellow one.I love the colors of the houses. Great shot.Really like this one for the vibrancy of the colors.Brilliant!  Actually i do not like winter. BUT :) I like this kind of winter SO much! Thanx for sharingFantastic photo, the colours are so vivid! Inspiring!So beautiful!! Gorgeous light!this is gorgeous, the bokeh and lighting and are so enchanting!loooove it ! it was definetely worth the time it took to edit it:)Beautiful!!!!!!!Yes, I agree about sunny winter days.  Maybe it's just in my mind but regardless, they are a treasure!  And this is very beautifully done!Gorgeous light!!! I wish we would have a sunny day....poo....the light is so stunning.....so beautiful!So pretty, and yes, I totally agree about the winter light thing!What???  LR is giving you problems??  I can't go back to PS now.  I love all your &quot;tones&quot;.  I use them all the time.

And this is such a gorgeous golden photo!  Beautiful winter sun!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)i agree - the sun is so pretty in the winter!  maybe the cold just makes us appreciate it more!  

i have heard some people say after installing the LR updates it was slower... i didn't have that problem though, so i'm no help!  hope you can get it figured out!  i love your presets, use them more than any other right now!  just haven't had a lot of time to take pictures, let alone edit them!oh..so so true, winter light is magical..especially at the right time of day.  I certainly notice it a lot more!   
  This is some delicious light...gorgeous shot!yeah i totally agree, winter light is beautiful and every bit so special, this is gorgeous !!preeeeeeeeeetttttyyyyyyy!!!!gorgeous, warm light.  beautiful.So amazing ... it looks enchanted! What a gorgeous light and love your processing!This is really beautiful, Maggie!Beautiful!So pretty!!!!Lovely shot, beautiful colour!wonderful !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh-Dots Unleashed (New Rules), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow great work congrats on explore!So gorgeous Maggie!gorgeous light and bokeh!Beautiful color!Oh my goodness!!! This is so luminous and beautiful!!! I love how you did the subtle vignette around the edges it really makes the glowing light even more dramatic. Just love this so much!!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!WOW!great lightning! love the tones!ah ! really nice shot ! et cool les mitaines ! ;)Lovely:-)
HBM!!!Love it!
Hbm!!sweet:)
HBM!!! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (?)aw, love this!  welcome to bench monday!  and this is totally worthy!!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love it! Can't wait for the Olympics either. HBM!So worthy!  I love it!FANTASTIC! I wanted to do the same but we've had no snow. Crazy. Can't wait for Friday. My kids are so excited - I think I'm more excited than they are :) Must take a similar photo next year, when there is snow and my hockey players are still cute.So adorable - love all the snow and hockey gear! Welcome to Bench Monday!I love love it!so cute!  I love his little smile up there at the top... How fun to have the kids so excited about it too, I'm excited too, but probably won't get to watch as much as I want.  happy first bench monday!  this is great!Hockey + clever &amp; adorable HBM = Gold. ;)so cute melanie!! i love it!! hbm!! ;)Great idea! And great tones! hbm!haha, i just walked in from my son's hockey game and this is the first picture i saw!  of course, i LOVE it!great composition, lovely colours, and nice processing. so fab!oh my gosh, this is awesome, awesome, awesome, mel!It's a wonderful bench shot Melanie.  My favorite thing about it is that little smile!  Fantastic.Welcome to Bench Monday!  This is an awesome first shot!!!  =)  GREAT!!!Oh Melanie-it will be more than worthy. It will become an addiction. Welcome, and what a great first BM shot! :)No snow in Vancouver I heard on the news this morning, 11 degrees C and spring. How about that! :)LOVE this!Wonderful image!lovely!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.wonderful shot!love love the tones.this is so great!!!!!!!!:)  welcome to bench monday!!!!:)Back to say: Congrats on another winning Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Geez!  How did I miss this yesterday?  Anyway, love it!!

HBM a tad late.great shot!Great shot!!! Love the treatment that you gave it too.so great! and more of those awesome mittens. yay!too precious (:Love it!! So cute!! Wonderful composition and great color tones!!Cute shot!! Love that little smile...:)impressive shot, well done... congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!super cute!!
what a great first bench monday shot. :)
hbm a day late!How did I miss this yesterday!? Glad you have joined the madness that is Bench Monday :D

LOVE it! It is so great how you can still see the little grin... Brilliant.omg, I LOVE this shot....fantastic!awesome captureBeautiful capture of a Beautiful girl. Great WorkGreat composition, Great Light, Stunning Girl, all around great shotexcellent composition and light shot :-)Love the hair movement!!!NiceWHAT A COOL IMAGE!
YOU HAVE BEEN SELECTED FOR
“THE KING GROUP”
(post 1- award 5)
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/WONDERFUL IMAGE!
SEEN IN “THE KING GROUP”
 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/thekingroup/wow awesome lighting!Nicegreat motion!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wonderful motionAwesomebeautiful, gentleGorgeous macro!stunning!AMAZING scarlet!!!amazing macro &amp; colors!Gorgeous bokeh. Lovely colors. Well done!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Gorgeous!whooo the focus is stunning:Owhat flower in this world have a color that deep of purple?! It's magical! :)The detail is amazing !! Fantastic capture :Dreally a great work, so original!such a beautiful workthis is amazing!!! really beautiful!He's a star and his memoirs are only £2?
This is very cheap even when it is a special offer..
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )nice shot!!! ha
£2 its a bargin :o)..Thanks for the comment Akbar since I'm sure that his show never made it to Holland :))) 

Cheers Ciara!great shot. guess it's not a bestseller...Nicely done, Jack!£2 , that`s a bit steep ;-))clearly they over estimated demand

they'll be in poundland next weeknever been a fan since he near ran me over in his Jag on the Ormeau road(rush hour and he edged forward in the grid lock) 
Bet he never mentioned that in his memoir!
2p would be too muchThanks Tiffany and Matt - I tried to give him the Warhol treatment :))

haha yes Rodney and Mark - I'll check tomorrow to see if they have been further reduced!

lol John! I thought he was so affable and compassionate - you have shattered my illusions :))))i'd have shattered his feckin windscreen if i hadn't of jumped out the way!
Still he was actually on the telly in those days and not confined to the radio as he is nowhaha John! Maybe it's because he's not on telly anymore is the reason why his memoirs are going so cheaply......Cheap at half the price, as they say LOL
Lovely shot, have a great evening
Foxy.thanks Foxy.It makes me so happy they took him off the TV, it was the compassion i couldn't handle.haha I take it then that you won't be buying his book Sandra even if it is so cheap :)))haha fantastic shot!Cheers Keith.still too pricey for me !I'm wondering if you would read it if you were paid   £2 Dave??hmm, probably not :)£20?That's a great shot Jack, I don't think i would read it even if they paid me!!!seems as if they have printed far too many copies. well spotted and a fab design quality to this shot, Jack.Cheers Amaia and Brenda. I hope at least somebody buys his book :)))Jack you're not on commission are you?I think at the very least I deserve a signed copy with an inscription profusely thanking me for publicising his book! I even got it on explore hahahaha!It's a very clever and very frightening shot - at the same time.  Very well seen!haha 'frightening'! Thanks Nagraman :)))£2 is pretty cheap.....you could keep the fire going for hours with a book that thick!You could be right Eddie :)))really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Great shot!  Love it!Sweet...
Love it!fabulous shot! so adorable and amazing composition particularly with the reflection.adorable!!awww!! this is the sweetest thing :) and i love their reflection!Yes...back to work...booooo :-(

But yeah for this wonderful photo :-)

Happy Monday Cat !!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Cute reflections, too.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )too cuteadorable!  love the reflections.  HBM!omg..... soooo sweeeeeeeet!!!! :)this is beautiful, cat!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love the sweetness + reflection. just beautiful! HBM!off the chart, yoA perfect start of the week!adorable, hbmsooo sweet!! Love!aww! so cute. hbm!How long have they been standing on that bench? Most of it has already sunk into the sand! (shouts..) &quot;ABANDON BENCH!&quot;so darling!morning cat, awesome shot, love the reflection1so cute!so sweet xohbm!
fantastic shot!Truly heart touching...

HBM!facing the world together... so sweet.you nailed this one.Lovely and Fantastic !!!I like how it feels like a quiet moment....
esp. in B&amp;W

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so cute! great composition, and the reflection looks fab!Definitely a great photo!!! 


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)too cute! hope your monday was a good one ;)Nice work Good day my dear friendLovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...so cute, great shot!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!I LOOOVE THE TONES &amp; FOCUS! :D
AWESOME!Wow！！Phat！me too!!!;-(
Fantastic shot,love the bokeh tones!Cute! Love the dof! :)Cool colour pens!I wish people will stop judging too.great focus¡¡i wish people would stop judging too :/ nice focus tho :)Beautiful shot!The light and the colors are gorgeous. Nice bokeh.I love this, Merphi!wonderful.beautiful bokeh!!!!!&lt;3Cuteyy! :Dwow! killer focus! so elegant .. nice description, too :)the focus and tones are lovely.Thank you :Dwow beautiful focus, lovely clors! :DOMGG. THE FOCUS, BOKEH AND THE TONES! &lt;333beautiful!This. Is. Breathtaking.yup,me too!!
love this anyways   xxlove the focus! so pretty!Gorgeous tones! 
Love the focus and bokeh!great composition and tonesBeautiful!!!  I love the DOF, and sorry for people judging...I hear ya!~niiiiiiice bokeh =) look fantasticthis is such and amazing dof here..i just love everything about it&lt;3i love thissss!Ohh my, the focus and bokeh are wonderful! This is so cute, you are quite talented dear.Thank you so much! &lt;3

Will visit your streams later :DI wish that too :(
this is reaaaaaaaaaally x100, pretty!! &lt;3beautiful focus!lovely foucs!
&lt;3omg I love the DoF!
great tones; bokeh &lt;3Seen in Explore ;OHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like everything in this photo. It's really great.really wonderful - i like the colours, the idea and the bokeh :) 

I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Thank you :Dthis is awesome!simple and gorgeous
I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~
____________________________________
Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !Mooie plaat  Alex !!nice.nicePrachtige bijzondere foto met mooi perspectief!Erg mooi zijn ze wel AlexMooi, die herhaling en die diagonaal.....interesting !!Bijzonder met die sneeuwlove the perspective :)
great work here!Cool textures though, good eye.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Dit geeft wel een heel mooi en bijzonder effect en door de eerste buis zo vast te leggen krijg je er ook nog diepte in de plaat.


www.bramreinders.nl
www.flickr.com/photos/bramreindersgoed gezien Alex..................................Wat een prachtig perspectief !!
( gezien in de Doka )Great angle and perspective , love the toningGewoon een stel pijpen zeg je......dit is schitterend man!Ik wil Bram even bedanken voor mijn bewoording.

Top plaat Alex en bewerking ook

JanIn een mooie kleuren- en beeldcompositie heb je deze buizen vastgelegd.
De kleurtoon is erg mooi.mooi gedaan!

Gezien in De DokaPlease add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group
Great image, cool work !Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group 

And please remember to delete this from the invite thread before adding to the group.Very nice composition and processing, well done!
--


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.
--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot; **Brilliant~Eye~Jewels** [INVITED PICS ONLY]  contest: White&quot; ( ?² )Erg goed idee met die doorkijk links.
Prachtige opname.Prachtig met die sneeuw zeg!

Goed gevonden,
A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.

GRTZ,BENdit ziet er zo GAAF uit...Awesome photography



Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;superb...Great comp from a simple scene. I particularly like the way you can see through the nearest pipe.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called CréAtitudes ... No Limits !  ** CONCOURS /CONTEST/CONCURSO**  P, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthI give you a FROM CITRIT,BEST OF YOURS
Citrit, best of yours!
*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthBeautifull pipes and good perspective.

This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthFantastic shot!!!!

This photo really is among the best! I give you a CITRIT ART award!
Citrit group

*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPSingeniosa.--
Seen in the group&quot;Fl♥ckr Hearts- Post 1- Give 5 Hearts--NO REPOSTING&quot; (?)
----------------
 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 
commented with SICI (2009-10-25) Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts gorgeous!WONDERFUL, SPECTACULAR, PRECIOUS(BEAUTIFUL), FANTASTIC COLOR AND PERFECT COMPOSITION WITHOUT WORDS 
Regards from Murcia Spain


From below here ---------------------------

 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts Excellent!  Fabulous leading lines and I love the repeating cylinders.
I saw this in A Big Favereally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Interesting composition.  Congrats on explore!Superb shot! Really great composition!fantastic photoFantástica! me agrada el encuadre.. :)WOW, this photo is AMAZING!
Your photo deserves double the EXCELLENCE!!!
(Invite shield plus at least 9 double-the-excellence comment awards make you eligible for Admin Invite to the Shield Of Excellence ~ Hall-of-Fame group)


Please be sure your photo is TAGGED &quot;SOE&quot;WOW, this photo is AMAZING!
Your photo deserves double the EXCELLENCE!!!
(Invite shield plus at least 9 double-the-excellence comment awards make you eligible for Admin Invite to the Shield Of Excellence ~ Hall-of-Fame group)


Please be sure your photo is TAGGED &quot;SOE&quot;--
WOW, this photo is AMAZING!
Your photo deserves double the EXCELLENCE!!!
(Invite shield plus at least 9 double-the-excellence comment awards make you eligible for Admin Invite to the Shield Of Excellence ~ Hall-of-Fame group)


Please be sure your photo is TAGGED &quot;SOE&quot;
--
Seen in the group&quot;Shield Of Excellence {Invited Photos Only} - post1/comment2&quot; ( ?² )This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed In:

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choice
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 Interesting!!
 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo. 
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group! 
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  



--
Visto en el grupo&quot;     SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Give 5 Stars&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called UMBRAL AWARD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Vista junto a una foto amiga en el grupo &quot;     SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Give 5 Stars&quot;. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)This brilliant photo is like a shooting star, splendid!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  Use the following COMMENT CODE and leave it on any FOUR (or more) shots in the pool!

---=COPY AND PASTE BETWEEN THE LINES=---


~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Colour Art AwardSUPERB IMAGE!

Seen in:
DIAMOND HEART (Post 1-Comment 3)very cool, most interesting composition and finishing.

 

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group 
sur mon « PHOTOBLOG » : &quot;Sensuelle Gaëlle&quot;
on my « PHOTOBLOG » : &quot; Sensual Gaëlle &quot;
en mi « PHOTOBLOG » : &quot; Sensual Gaëlle &quot;
ene « PHOTOBLOG » etan : &quot; Gaëlle atsegale&quot;.


CLIC HERE : argazkilari.blogs.sudouest.com/album/sensuelle-gaelle/page1/

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group Good compositionSuperb shot!  Well done !
 
You've been Dazzled
www.flickr.com/groups/dazzlingshots
Colour Art AwardThis brilliant photo is like a shooting star, splendid!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!   

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 great shot
SUPERB IMAGE!

Seen in:
DIAMOND HEART (Post 1-Comment 3) 
You've been Dazzled
www.flickr.com/groups/dazzlingshotsWow! Beautiful shot from very unbeautiful objects, stunning!

 

 Seen in:
Fabulous Planet - Post 1, Award 4 Well composed

Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5
wonderful taken and seen.i likje the sky and the process.the place with the snow seems amazing....excellent processed aswell.my congratulations
if you want to have a look in my photostream you are wellcome to leave a commentSeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5 
You are a very good and creative Artist and I really like your Creative Photo.
After five awards from Creative Photo please post in our MASTER-group!
This photo was seen in:
Creative Photo (Post 1 - Comment 3 or more) very nice!

Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5
*This is a real Eye~Jewel!*
**The *Eye~Jewels* group**Gracias Eulalialovely rose!
A stunning Macro Image seen in &quot;The .Macro. Group &quot;
  



If you haven't already please tag it with &quot;The .Macro. Group&quot;what a lovely rose my friend.Love it...beautiful!!!  Have a great Day Don.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Thank you for your nice comment and fave Joy!Thank you very much Sommer!Have a great too Susan, and thank you so much!That is so very lovely.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Flower Themes -  PINK or RED FLOWERS&quot; (?)Thank you for your kind comment and fave Jane!Beautiful Shot!

Seen in: MACRO MIXGracias ManuelLovely shot my friend.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Happy Flowery Friday!!--Everyday~~~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very lovely shot my friend.
Have a great night.Thank you very much Rod.Have a great night too Kim, and thank you my friend for your kind comment, fave and invite!A beautiful shot Don I hope all is well with you my friend !!!Thank you dear Ruth, I got my test results back today and was told I've got diabetes and my liver isn't well either. :-(Gorgeous pink!Thanks for your nice comment and fave Sally!Thanks for posting this superb photograph to this week's theme -Pink or Red Flowers !!

Flower Themes Group.

Congratulations this wonderful image is a Flower Themes Admin Fave.Thank you for the  admin fave Betsy!Your pic is really a great MACRO!
 
From the  magicofaworldinmacro-group
as seen in the MAGIC OF A WORLD IN MACRO - group
www.flickr.com/groups/magicofaworldinmacro/Obrigado IsabelaBeautiful!Thanks Katie-Rose!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Greetings from Vancouver Sunny and thank you for your kind comment, fave and invite, and have a nice day too! :-)Very beautiful shot!!!Thank you Tess!simply beautiflul! Congratulations!

--
http://lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/onexplorenow/?lang=en (?)Thank you Astonishoot!#1:И๑๑пзtắ ~  

#2:* SHQRDYA ¬ 
 
#3:Mΐŝŝ_3äήёёdä »♥« 

&lt;333  ;$

e7m ;P

,

Mr7baa mlayeeeen 

sh5baaaarch ? ;P &lt;~ B5air i know ,, el-7mdullah ;P 

ygwloon bukra el-ntaij ;P &lt;~ OUT ;$

EL_MUHM XD 

 Wonderful pic Hdool 7bebti ;) ,, well done (Y) ! ,, Fav sure XP :$ 

 H ; ولا قست دنيآڪ .. واشتدت عليڪ ,, لڪ حبيبٍ رغم احزآنهـ \\ ,,  مزوح !   :)
H; تتمآيل بممشآڪ آرحم حآلتي  تحرق قلوب آلنآس مو بس قلبي آنآ ;$ 




&lt;3 u ya b6a ;P (K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

I MISS U
fdeeeetCh waallllah =\3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + notekash5aa el9ooraa =D

7beet'ha ♥♥

waayed ni!ce ^^

keep it up
RAw3aa..7abeeeet-ha ~-
Love it (LL)
keep goin' 7beebti :* هـلـآ والله XP 

h3 
n!ce WALLAH &lt;....
FavNice ..~niice pic 
=D 
comment me plzXD

niiiiice piiic 

(( dont stop )) 

comment meN i c e

comment mee
NiiiiiceFantastic *AmaziiiiiingHi, I'm an admin for a group called Color Escape:  Warm Colors (Red, Orange, Yellow Only!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!raw3ahxDxD 

xD

xD 

l lUv this face haha

sure FAV~Niiiiiiice Walla 
Keep It Up =)
Comment Me plzz + Notewoooooooooooow 
7elwa kteeeeeeeeerway *.*

rw3aaaaa (L)


FAV ~.....*!!nice shot..
thanks for your comments on my stream..♥.♥amazing

Ɲ¡Ɔē P¡ç 


Cōɱɱȩɴȶ  mϵ  PlëäЅϵ 

xPنااااااااااااااااااااايسXP

Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice &lt;333
FAAAAAAV &lt;3



niiice shoot  &lt;333~! 

comment me pllz (K) *nice pic hun = )N!cE
Rw3a   
lovely

 |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   Perfect shot (Y)الالوان فللله
^-*تـسـلـم آلآيـآدي ع الـصـووره آلـجـنـآآن
.
صـرآآحــه فــي مـنـتـهـى آلـرووعـــه &amp; آلـفــــن
.
مـهـب غــريــب عـلـيـكـم هـآلإبـــدآآآع
.
ﾚo√乇 ♥ iT 
.



لـو مـآبـهـآآ كــلآفـــه

بـــس 
FAV

www.flickr.com/photos/45701609@N06/4334988773/


   w77777shtenee alDooba yarby ashloon a8diiiir at7mal 
    fr8iiiiiiiiich :'(
    

     w b59o9 al p!C so so abda3 
    fan .. (L)

   
     a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich
      a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich
      a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich
      a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich
      a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich
      a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich

    (K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)
      (K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)
         (K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

يلــومــونــــي حبـيبـــي فـــــيك   
صـراحــــه قـمــــة الـروعـــــه      
وأنـــا واللـــــه مــن شـفـتــــك
دخــلـــت بقـلـبــــي بـســـرعــــه

           fadiiiiiiiiiitch walla 
              a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich (K)  


    Thanks for adding this to the Color Escape Group :--)))xPxP  
niicehaaaha , this is awesome :Plove  ♥ xH3 ,, 

Amazing One ~.^:P.
ونآسسسسسه الآصفر الفآقع هذآ :P
مرهـ فآنتآستيك
.niiiice&lt;3&lt;33 it :PCUTE♥Niceeee picAmazinG xDwooow rw3a walla ;Pp
love U hdoool

xpits funny how there are still some people who dont understand ina xD and xP are like emotions! ;P&lt;333rawwwww3a Pass;)

keep it up

comment plzz (welcome me ( =




Mashallah Niiiice piic
abd3ti 7yatin!!!!CeNice 

fave 

www.flickr.com/photos/tulip-96/ ~&gt; comment all my pic and but note plz :$n!ce p!c    xP


luv it*  xPEsta hermosa!!!!!Impresionante!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bellísima!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Precioso paisaje Anrapu. Enhorabuena.
--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Ese sitio tiene que ser mágico. Los colores que deja el rio son fantásticos.
Una edición muy buena.
Saludos.Que colores tan hermosos. Una composición muy buena. 

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Muy buena Antonio.
SaludosPreciosa composición,los reflejos,el color y las texturas geniales.
Saludos
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Eyyyy Antonio que buenísimo trabajo, es tridimensional. Casi parece normal que metiendo un poquito la mano en la pantallas puedes llegar a ese agua en esas rocas dinámicas y bellas....Guaaaaauuuu. Te felicito.

Un abrazo.Magnifica Antonio,,una profundidad y una composicion preciosa,,
Saludos amigo,Los tonos de color de ese río son únicos Antonio, una foto muy buena...
extraordinaria.Que maravilla Antonio¡¡¡ preciosos tonos. Saludos. Marianque preciosa captura.... es un flipe los colores...!
me encanta!
:-) un abrazote para ti..Antonio,una preciosidad de paisaje de Gadea
Un abrazouna veduta magnifica. una bella ripresa grandangolare.The composition and color are superb!Luz, color y reflejos excelentes Antonio.Antonio , que fuerza imprimen esas rocas al empezar la foto, una chulada esa captura, mi más enhorabuena amigo, saludoshermosa toma Antinio, que luz y reflejos más buenos...


un abrazo.Excelente composición y color.
Las texturas del primer plano son preciosas
Falicitacionespreciosos colores Antonio !!!Preciosos colores, textura origianl y reflejos excelentes¡Qué luz tan bonita!Maravillosa composicion Color y luz de 10

Un saludoSuperbe!
--
 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Qué maravilla de tonos dorados y texturas. Un espectáculo.Una maravilla de composicion y de colorQué maravilla amigo Antonio... esas texturas se salen. Una gran foto... es magnífica. Saludos.Que bonita escena...Impresionnte lugar, Antonio. Una imagen impactante con un procesado realmente sensacional, enhorabuena.
Un abrazo.Impresionante espejo y buenísimos tonos.
Un gran abrazo Antonio y a ver si nos vemos, perdioooo :-)Muy buena esta toma antonio
saludosvaya colores, pa chiflar, excelente fotografia.Bien compuesta... como siempre.Qué maravilla !!!!!! Una luz divina, muy bien aprovechada.
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Muy buena Antonio. Parece HDR, pero conociendote lo dudo. Gran trabajo de edicion entonces, porque con la luz que tienes de frente parece dificil sacar esos extraordinarios colores. Enhorabuena.Vaya tonos...
Impresionante.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )jolines de los cojines!!! 
menuda foto!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Espectacular y maravllosa amigo...menudo tratamiento y profundidad!!!
saludos desde AndaluCái...La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado &quot;World Trekker&quot; (Post 7 - Award 3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Bonito trabajo...enhorabuena compañeroPreciosa aguas mansas ( y venenosas ) una maravilla de texturas y colores.
SaludosSencillamente deliciosa, tiene unos tonos geniales, Antonio
saludFantástica! Los colores parecen sacados de un cuento de hadas...

Un saludo.Excellent shot.¡Qué maravilla de colores y reflejos!

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5

******************************************beautiful place and compositionMuy hermosa! Felicitaciones por Explore!



You are invited to add your wonderful
picture to &quot;Colors Of The Heart&quot;! 
Invited Images Only! Post 1 - Award 3!
Please tag your photo: COTHpreciosa imagen,, saludos
Vista en:  
Campo de Gibraltar, al sur del Sur.
Outstanding image, nicely shotExcelente paisaje!!Beautiful ! Una preciosidad de paisaje con esas bellísimas tonalidades.

SaludosEstaba claro este explore. Enhorabuena.

--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)impresionante textura y color en el primer plano!Bellísima composición y procesado !!! Enhorabuena !Qué placer poder seguir disfrutando esta serie tuya con el 8mm.
Un lugar y composición fascinantes. Los colores, contrastes, luces  y reflejos son magníficos.
Un abrazo y enhorabuena.Vista en:  
Campo de Gibraltar, al sur del Sur.
Maravillosa imagen, Antonio.

Tratas el color como nadie.

Saludos.Bonita composición de Colorido y nitidez  extraordinario. Un saludoAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.멋진 풍경입니다.Esta gran fotografía ha sido vista en:
PreciosaMuy buena edición, un saludo

Comentada en el grupo &quot;La mirada del fotografo&quot;Congratulations on making Explore! This is beautiful!
He visto tu foto y me ha gustado mucho,
el detalle del primer plano y los reflejos son fantasticos.
Slds.Buena composición, texturas y color !


Comentada en el Grupo &quot;CADIZ y sus Fotógrafos&quot;the landscape is incredible wit perfect exposure on the ground and water.impresiona tanta belleza paisajística. Muy buena, Antonio.Hola Anrapu, Una foto muy buena, que creo podría ganar con el uso de un filtro degradado neutro de 2-3 pasos de intensidad para poner en valor el cielo y contrapesar el primer plano que dado su atractivo fija la mirada y hace que no miremos con el mismo detall el resto de la foto, especialmente el cielo, que pasa a ser un elemento poco llamativo o incluso distorsionante como en la parte superior izquierda donde esta ligeramente sobreexpuesto. Saludos
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 Increíble paisaje, Antonio.
Saludos.Que pasote de vista!!Estas aguas siempre impactan!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 !!! Excelente Total_Photo ¡¡¡

*** Total Photo *** (Post 1 - comment 2)
Please tag your photo: Total_PhotoSensacional, unos magníficos reflejos.
Saludos
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 Excellent!
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 He visto esta bonita captura en: 
This wonderful picture has been seen in: 
&quot;AMIGOS DEL FLICKR&quot;



Post 1 – Award 2 
Sube 1 – Premia 2
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Gracias por agregar tu foto al grupo 

Visita los hilos de:
Fotografías ganadoras de concursos o inserta tu fotografía con 5 logos del grupo para que la premiemos.
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 This photo has Spirit

This photo has been selected for ·Spirit Of Photography·
Please add this image to  Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
And tag the photo with &quot;Spirit of Photography&quot; Impresionante panorámica.
Que yonalidades tan fantásticas.
Ese ojo de pez es increible.
Un abrazo, Antonio
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
!!! Excelente Total_Photo ¡¡¡

*** Total Photo *** (Post 1 - comment 2)
Please tag your photo: Total_Photoque bellezafantástica!! el colorido, los reflejos, el cielo... toda ella. EnhorabuenaMagnificas tonalidades, la ediccion todo un lujo para la vista.
Saludosimpresionante trabajo!!!Sí señor, muy bonita. El encuadre y tonalidad me resultan adictivos.qué reflejazos!!!!EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

Visita sus fotosWOW! this is outstanding amazing! my kind..I love this picture!I'm really interested in your photostream! mmm talented photographer :) thank you for sharing this beautiful pictures!!Preciosa, que buena óptica tienes. Saludos.This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthImpresionante panorama i tonalidades ! ................... Salud !Buaaaa, no te digo na y te lo digo todo. Me la quedo.

Saludos

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Espectaculares colores y luces. Enhorabuena.Nice shot
cheers!!! Excelente Total_Photo ¡¡¡

*** Total Photo *** (Post 1 - comment 2)
Please tag your photo: Total_PhotoImpresionante en todos los sentidos, iluminación, nitidez, tratamiento, color, tonalidades y reflejos, una señora foto!!Chapó maestro, q colorido...
una preciosidad
un saludoUn trabajo de lujo, si señor, sin palabras.

Un abrazo.Vaya primer plano. Una pasada.Congrats on explore!Ummmmmmmmm...Congratulations ! This is amazing angle taken !très beau travailAwesome Image John !!!!!!Lovely shot Johnj adore cette photo !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Perfect shot! Very, very, very nice!what a stunner...such a beautyfantasticstunning scene! love the compositionAnother beautiful work, congratulations.
I really like.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Images with Filters, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Excellent composition, John.
--


Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
Please add this picture to the group 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Excellent comp, love the rock in the foregroundLovely.You and your D3x... I envy you! But, at least the magnificent camera is in good hands.

Great exposure and light. Amazing location.Were you at El Matador? The parking fees are crazy now. Every time I pass by I'm tempted to park on PCH but it's vicinity is surrounded by &quot;no parking&quot; signs. Don't know how far I would have to walk :) 

Great shot, it's a nice time to catch a sunset there this time of yearbrilliant capture indeed my friend..that foreground rock is a lovely bit of nature!Fabulous shot my friend.
So beautiful.
----------------

You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
invited with SICI (2009-10-16)Very nice.  Almost looks as though the mossy rock is a creature that crawled out of the ocean!So well composed and packed with interest, John!

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)An another good portrait mode, prefer this one I thinkFantastic rocks, great detail and an amaaazing sky! :-DAbsolutely stunning!!!!I love the contrast between the dark rock and the sky!I do love this composition with those great tones and colours,  my friend!
Hope you´re well too!
A big hugHi, I'm an admin for a group called Sand/Sea/Sky/Sun : The Four Fantastic ( Post 1 / Comment 1 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellent details on foreground

--

 Saw this in the Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
THIS IS A TOP PHOTOGRAPH! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Top Photography Group~Strictly Invitational &quot; ( ?² )
 Saw this in the Top Photography Group / Strictly Invitational
THIS IS A TOP PHOTOGRAPH! Nice composition.Another cracking shot!

Looks like you are having fun with that lens.
Would be nice to view it large :-)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?²ˣ)Leaving the shore a little later:

Thanks Mark!  I am! :)nice catch dude,

Wow, what a great timing! Good luck with 300mm :)Super, super capture.Great action heron captures!Superb !WOW! perfect timing. Like the second photo better - Thanks for sharing
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Excellent catch


I saw this amazing shot in Feathers+Beaks=Birds 

~Thank you for sharing!~: Feathers+Beaks=BirdsBeautiful capture and super sharp.  Both are great action shots too.  Looks like you're doing very well with your new lens.  (Connie)Great shots Elizabeth, and I like the second one best. Very sharp!Awesome! Great work!Your right, viewed large is great.Awesome shot, great timing !great timing
love the wing span
my favorite are the droplets of water in the spray
nice how you can feel the actionWonderful! Perfect angles and clarityThank you so much everyone for the kind words! :)Great timing on this ...couldnt be better...fills the frame perfectly.
Lovely work againAwesome images! Always a pleasure to view your work!
( Seen in the Burdr Flickr Group )Wonderful image, a sharp well done set !!! I can't see this type of action shot done any better !!!excellent captures!!! = )Brilliant shot, Elizabeth.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )WOW!!! I have lens envy....Outstanding capture Elizabeth !!!Nice shot.  I like the outstretched wings!Just awesome!  Glad your enjoying your new lens :)wow, What a great shot, ..fantastic workgorgeous detail !Great timing and some cool action.   Well done !!!Beautiful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Ok put some more images up !!!!  Hello !!!!Fantastic shooting, Elizabeth!  Congratulations on Explore!!Perfect timing!Almost looks like the fish is hanging on for dear life to that stick in the water.
This is a fantastic capture.
So much fun to get too.
 I have some coming up soon too.
 Guess i have to send a Kestrel down there for you....but you owe me an egret then.awesome shot!Excellent set !!!  I really like the flight shot.awesome shots Elizabeth!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthwonderful capture! as always, great details!Congrats on Explore! Beautiful pose.Must have !!! It's in an antique dealer's window not far from my place. You could probably get a pair of Hasselblads for less.classy
sleek linesvery, very nice! such lovely light (and furniture)!this is a really stunning interior. wow.You really nailed this one! Perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called modern-is-an-ism, and we'd love to have this added to the group![http://www.flickr.com/photos/deadslow/] I hate to think of the total for the entire set-up! I have been searching for that (or similar) lamp for ages now. Fortunately I found a guy here that does bronze-work and he and I have been talking of doing a collaboration on a few pieces :)

#$ck hasselblads! I'd take a Plaubel or Horseman over them any day ;)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Everything at the right place, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh, and I like seeing Fuji in the Rolleiflex.Gorgeous focus here.*****Nice compo - colours, tones and mood too.Love it.   Very classy.   And that portrait on the wall... it reminds me of a younger... um, you.Christopher
This is so wicked cool in so many ways: scale, color, texture, composition.
Wow.Too rad!  The bokeh is classy and fits in quite well.Oooo love thisNice. Are those Milo Baughman chairs?and now I feel warm and cosy. thanks.there should be a clown lounging in there.I am speechless.perfect mood.....Giddyup!Mid-century modern ftw!  Would fit nicely in my place [drool]Oh my, these were freshly minted in my youth -- and to see them in 'antique' stores, and rather the rage once again. The lamp is really a classic. I have this terrible feeling that these are all in much better shape than I am.Very fine light and good composition !It´s not the dernier cri.
Maybe I´ll wait for a more colorful version.my goodness, it's just like the lounge at my grandparents!perfect!Very Hopper Noir.great perfect perspective here
loveI love your picture window ! Beats tv any evening ...Very posh! Love &quot;the blue part&quot; of the picture!powerful shot, your narrow DOF is perfect for this.  is that a portrait of Leonardo DiCaprio on the wall?Stunning work!Klasse!me wanna have one of those! fantastic capture mate!!superbBrilliant!
Bravo bravo !great image quality, good focus and lightWow.... I think that I am actually drooling.I want to step right in..... excellent photomood!!:) Yeah, it doesn't look cheap but it looks very nice. For some reason this makes me want to start smoking a pipe. The painting really takes this to another level.

Great capture!Thank you all so much for your comments and faves. I liked this photo, but really didn't expect such a positive response - I almost saw it as &quot;filler&quot; material to break the never ending stream of cars. There's always a surprise on Flickr.Nice classy look&amp;feel!...well doneI'd move in!very nicereally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!If Hitchcock taught us nothing else, it  was NOT to orient your chairs to the rear window.I'll add to the large number of comments. Beautiful, truly so!so great, the atmosphere is so... I don't find the word, but it's estonish (sorry if my english isn't so good)Dude ! This is way too cool man !!!!!! Great image my man !!!!! 

`nice!Great scene..out of time.Beautiful!! I loved it! :D
Specially the lightYeah i could sit there with a nice book and a cup of tea and time would fly by as people stared at me wondering why i am sitting in an antique dealer's windowAbsolutely beautiful.  The lighting is so smooth and perfect.the feel is so rich &amp; so noir...and as mentioned above, so Hopper-esque. A super image.mmm chairfantastic!swank!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ab♂ut Men, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very well lit.Awesomestunning!Great lighting !

 AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2 AWESOME! seen in :

&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2Great shot! Nice lightingWell done :)Very cool indeed!Love the lighting.  Very nice work.superb!He was still there until around 8.00pm.  The last  I saw him he was  heading down the balcony roof tiles toward the garden and trees.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/dorinka/4342720170/]Stunning photo Janette!!! The detail is superb.Fabulous detail, he looks like a little alienjust an amazing macro..
brilliant!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)The praying Mantis has to be one of the most fascinating creatures...Stunning photo.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***A Place For Great Photographers***   (Invitation Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovel the shot the soft  colours and the angle...he's so cute like a cartoon character.Awesome capture!Yes, you are! Great capture, beautiful tones!wow, excellent macro
really upclose and personal 
so glad he stayed to pose for you

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is a stunning close up Janette!  I once rescued a praying mantis that had been trapped in our green waste bin.  He seemed very curious and willingly posed for my camera.  I was disappointed not to have a macro lens at the time.
Fabulous Shot. They always look like they are grinning!  Remarkable Clarity and Sharpness.A superb capture Janette, wonderful focusing.
Thank you for the visit and the kind words.You did well here Janette. They look fabulous.

jimyes, he is beautiful!!! even if he looks a bit like an alien from a planet far far away, beeping curiously into your life :-)))a brilliant capture, Janettte!!!! wow! awesome clarity and detail. He is very beautiful, indeed!!

This shot is amazing!
Please post your image to: 

 Macro Marvels (Invite Only) Post 1 Comment 2
Please tag with MacroMarvelsindeed beautiful, sharp, focus, and nice DOF. well shot.Wow, instant fave.  What a nice macro.  Beautiful detail, focus and exposure.An outstanding macro, wonderful detail !Incredible shot, fantastic macro.Oh yes he is beautiful, Janette I love this guys. stunning macro!!
XOX  from Max!haha, what an amazing insect... and such great macro work you did here....indeed, excellent macro shot, beautiful mantide portrait, ciao, tinoAmazing macro, wow, great shot. Have a good day and keep smiling.an excellent macro image. Beautiful depth of fieldProblem with contacts photos, check out the link
www.flickr.com/help/forum/en-us/120799/absolutely brilliant close up - I bet you had to hold your breath!a macro dream, the perfection of details, thanks to the great sharpness make it perfect, excellentJanette this is a wonderful macro!  Thanks for your comments... LindaA very beautiful Macro !!Is that ET....if it is he needs to phone home........Great macro Janette !!!!

BTW... The head on that Eastern Phoebe is not always like that....Thanks for your visits and your kind comments !!!Such a fantastic macro! Amazing detail!I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. This is a beautiful image Janette. Great dof too!Great shot of this predator.He looks almost gentle, and certainly intelligent! Excellent detail in the head, and your diagonal angle adds strength to your composition.

&quot;packin' pollen&quot; www.flickr.com/photos/celeste/4344697419/

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)They seem to have extraordinary eyesight.  Fabulous macro Janette.Amazing macro and clarity.  Fabulous.I really like the dof and the effect of his face sticking out.   And, what a face.  Like a comment above, I really like the diagonal angle.  Perfect composition with that.

Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.
Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.


Please tag this photo &quot;greatphotographers&quot;Very beautiful !! great detail and DoFOMG,Jannette....it is so cute...AMAZING capture my friend!!wow,wonderful macro of this creature
excellent focusStunning macro work! Lovely image! Wishing you a nice evening, my friend!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This fantastic macro was seen in:
 
 Macro Marvels (Invite Only) Post 1 Comment 2
Please tag with MacroMarvelsAn amazing capture!!!Janette and Jack - What a magnificent capture of this preying mantis. You have seen/captured this one very well. Interesting colour. I have not seen the mouth area from this angle before. I find them very interesting creatures!!!!! Rosey (my wife) and I walk past a bunch of orchids and this fellow is there, waiting, posing for me .............



Thanks for sharing.

Seen in your photostream.Great  focus.Congrats on explore!oh my goodness... AMAZING macro!
--

Macro Award
Congratulations, you have received a Macro Award for Achieving Excellence in Macro Photography! If you feel your image is deserving, please add this beautiful photo to the Macro Award group , where it will appear pending a Quality Control Inspection by the Macro Awards Administration panel, Good Luck!WOW... great portrait of this beauty... thanks for sharing!
------------
I'm a Moderator for this group and we are very pleased you have shared your photo with us.

Beautiful macro shot !!!

This Photo was seen in: 
♥ Flowers or Insects macro *add 1 - comment on 3***

♥ SPECIAL AWARDS GALLERIES
♥ If you receive 4 awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ If you receive 10+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥Wonderful shot, great detail! Thanks for sharing!

Beautiful macro shot !!!

This Photo was seen in: 
♥ Flowers or Insects macro *add 1 - comment on 3***
Group Admin.Great face!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous!!

Beautiful macro shot !!!

This Photo was seen in: 
♥ Flowers or Insects macro *add 1 - comment on 3***

♥ SPECIAL AWARDS GALLERIES
♥ If you receive 4 awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ If you receive 5+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ If you receive 10+ Awards:  Post your Photo Here 
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥

--
Seen in the group&quot; Flowers or Insects MACRO - POST 1*/COMMENT 3***Sweeper active!&quot; (?)--

Beautiful macro shot !!!

This Photo was seen in: 
♥ Flowers or Insects macro *add 1 - comment on 3***
--
Seen in the group&quot; Flowers or Insects MACRO - POST 1*/COMMENT 3***Sweeper active!&quot; ( ?² )lovely capture of Mercury
Seen in the Standard Poodle - CanicheRoyal Group Such a masculine clip!
He looks wonderful in it...very powerful.Oh baby, no photoshop needed here ~ awsome clip and photo!  Love his expression.He looks stunning!Merc is such a wonderful fluffernutter !Wow.
The power of Mercury!

FAVMercury you are on beautiful SPOOI am Spoo, Hear Me Bark!  I love Mercury's grooming!What a regal stance!  Mercury, the planet that rules communication.
He's simply communicating and we're receiving his regal message.LOL to your title! Perfect!!! Gorgeous shot! Love that stance, so regal :-))
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Yes he is!gorgeous portraitHear me roar!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)His stance is wonderful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love his cut!!i hope this isn't the last portrait of you, john. that would be too devastating, you are too brilliant to leave this world just yet.Not only that, but I just discovered your stream and I'm loving it, so it would be very unpleasant if you stopped posting photos now... ;)Thats a damn fine portrait guys.That sucks! I have to say, as a final portrait, Tamara has done a fine job.  

Get some rest and I hope you can find some warmth and health soon!Nice self!Looks like the photo that will be on the inside of the dust jacket for your first book.ugh. i hate congestion with a passion. i always want to jeut reach in and pull out some offending glob to breathe again.strong mood!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!youThanks all.
 This may very well be the dust jacket shot for my first book, well spotted Andy!Haven you ever taken Montelucaste DCI, or Singulair? Supposed to prevent asthma crysis.
Hang on. Get well better! Never heard of them, or perhaps I have under a different brand name, thanks, I aim too!Hai ragione, gli occhi sono una delle parti più belle del viso.
Complimenti per la nitida e bellissima cattura.
Ciao e buona serata.
Mario;-)bello ed originale questo ritratto , Francesca è davvero molto bella !!!che occhi...una gra bella foto,mi piace molto il taglio dato !!!!bellissimo primo piano, concordo con otto otto 1968!
Ciaobella la foto belli gli occhi!!!
tu hai fatto gli occhi ed io le labbra!!

www.flickr.com/photos/florencect/4333112600/bel taglio, occhi meravigliosi

indeed

,,Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Virgilio &amp; Company *** post1-award2. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Bellissima foto.
Un bel primo piano.
Bellissime parole.
I miei complimenti.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Parisinita &amp; friends  ( P1, C2). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato academia hispanoparlante de autodidactas   . Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Dove siamo nati? - Where were we born?. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.View large   ecco... così ti vedo meglio!  Che occhi stupendi!!!Bello il taglio, anche quello degli occhi !!!Beautiful Shot! Beautiful eyes!

“Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.”  ~Scott Adamssplendidi, complimenti, magnifico ritratto, ciao!!bel ritratto, bello il taglio e bellissime paroleottimo lavoro...che raccontano, anche nel silenzio...bel taglio e belle parole:-)) brava
buona seratagran bello sgaurdo..ottimo crop...ciao cara
Complimenti per questa foto!!!
Congratulations for this picture!!!

Vista su: / See in:
 Virgilio &amp; Company

Post 1--Award 2
Please TAG your photo &quot;Virgilio &amp; Company&quot;Tu sei la mia:

Glitter Star-Il gruppo degli amicisplendidi gli occhi di francesca e particolare il tadlio che hai dato alla foto...
brava marinella buona serataFantastico ritratto!!!!!!!!!!!!!Grazie ad Amos per l'aiuto ora posso vedere le foto in Large
Grazie Mille
View largeGli occhi sono il proseguimento del Cuore ! e quello che vedono e ci fanno vedere sono quella cosa meravigliosa che è la Vita 
  E questi sono molto belli 
Ciao Mari :)) e Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.


Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa

Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa 

Foto d'Autore: Davide [Sirio 174]Grandi occhi e grande sguardo Marinella! Peccato che tu abbia tagliato la bocca, perché quel poco che si vede lascia supporre pure delle belle labbra!

Grazie per la tua gentile visita e felice notte.
CIAO, ninin.Che occhi!raccontano, commentano, fulminano..amano...tutto in silenzio ...in un frazione di un istante...ottimo scatto ..molto espressivo...bravissimaGrazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.



Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa 

Autore della settimana: davide (SIrio174)Bellissimo primo piano. Coinvolgente e molto ben realizzato!
Cattura particolarmente quel meraviglioso e trasparente bagliore che risplende negli occhi...
:-)Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.


Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa

Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa 

Foto d'Autore: Davide [Sirio 174]Gli occhi: lo specchio dell'anima.Indovinatissimo il taglio dell'immagine...Occhi che parlano .... ! Splendido guardo ... bravissima !Eccellente e interessante scala tonale in questo ritratto che restituiscono alla pelle un colore molto naturale e molto graduale.  
Molto buona ed appropriata la nitidezza no troppo marcata ma nemmeno slavata.

Perfetta la luce e la sua gestione che conferisce un’ottima rappresentazione generale degli elementi
Complimenti.

Si nota un  appropriato ed adeguato viraggio che ha dato un’impronta caratteriale al fotogramma.

Complimenti per l’ottima immagine restituita nella quale il corretto bilanciamento cromatico accompagnato da una gradevolissima  nitidezza e l’ottima risoluzione ha restituito una immagine veramente piacevole. 

Ben curato il bilanciamento del bianco e la restituzione dei toni nell’insieme dell’immagine.
Nuovamente  complimenti per la gradevolissima foto


Ho visto questa splendida foto su: Espressione fotograficaCongratulazioni, vista in Explore!Bravissima!!!  Gli occhi sono veramente lo specchio dell'anima.....BELLA FOTO!!! L'Italia è fiera di te!



Vista in ORGOGLIOSO DI ESSERE ITALIANO
(Posta1, Commenta 2)
Attenzione controllo sweeper- se non commenti - verrai espulso dal gruppo!! 
Occhi meravigliosi!!

Tu sei la mia:

Glitter Star-Il gruppo degli amicila profondità dello sguardo è veramente incantevole !comunque occhi stupendi!un taglio stupendo.....
e occhi che parlano ....

Tu sei la mia:

Glitter Star-Il gruppo degli amiciBello scatto e complimenti per la nitidezza dello sguardoChe favolosi ed espressivi occhi !!! ciao ciao Marinella, ti auguro una buona serata ! ^_*Bello il taglio della foto e splendidi occhi!!!

Grazie, Marinella, della visita e buona serata!Bellissimo sguardo!!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Bellissima... che occhi favolosi ed espressivi...... Ciao Mari... Buona giornata, il duoOops.... vedo sopra..... CONGRATZ PER L'EXPLORE  ...che occhi !! e molto originale questo ritratto &quot;tagliato&quot;Uno sguardo davvero accativante.....bella foto Mari!
Buona giornata.Che occhi...Ottimo scatto!!Molto bella!!!Una foto meravigliosa, cara Marinella. Grazie per il tuo commento e complimenti perché questa foto è dolce e profonda, accompagnata da una bella poesia. Mi piace anche il fatto di non averla centrata. Una bella idea!!!!Perfeita e linda! Bonito poema..Sguardo profondo...ottimo ritratto!
Ciao :-)Che occhi dolcissimi... che sguardo intenso! Tua figlia immagino!!! Complimenti a lei, e a te per questo bel ritratto!!! Ciao cara! AnnaChe Bella Magnifici Occhi Complimenti ...!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Melanconia. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Occhi sognanti,dolcissimi
come le parole 
giansplendida foto, ma splendida Francesca!!gli occhi che parlano d'amore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bellissima foto!!!very cool! love the composition!Super into this.Elegant and simple but also mysterious. Amazing.Lovely composition and colours.Me gusta.
Buena luz, buena composición y buen juego de líneas.

Un saludo.the red line completely makes this photo fantastic.The makeup is excellent! I would never, ever, ever be able to do that.
Your eyes are freakin' gorgeous. (:wow this make up is awesome and i love the square cropthis is awesome. your eyes are insane. like 3 different colors! jealous :/ very interesting portraitBeautiful! Love the color of eye shadow against the color of your eyes! And your eyes are amazing!great shot showing the beauty of your make up :)beautiful jenna!amazing,, eyes whoa this
image is amazingly awesome
im going to fav.ah this is absolutely FLAWLESS. literally, your eyes are soo so gorgeous.like it! fantastic colors!your eyes are freaking amazing and yes! these colors are just incredible!! everything about this is perfect! !Soo amazing!
The colors are soo awesome! :)Beautiful! ^_^

--
Seen in your 365 set. (?)Oh my gosh your amazing soo amazing! Blue and green?! wow!This , is amazing .I love this so muchLovely colours.
And I agree with everyone else, your eyes are stunning!
&lt;3Beautiful Capture, Eyes &amp; Colors.Yes, your eyes are just incredible.  Beautiful lips too.  A wonderful portrait.the colors are breathtaking.
so beautiful.that is a gorgeous shade of blueBrilliant!very nice!amazing colours! i love them!Holy moly I'm really jealous of your eyes. And your makeup abilities! :DThis is so amazing!The crop is cool, but I like the full picture better.  Somehow the eyes are even more piercing when so much of the frame is empty.Wow oh Wow!!!
Amazing Victor - fabulous night photography.  I cant do that at all!
Where the &quot;Green&quot;!



*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.--

*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
--
Seen in the group&quot; **Brilliant~Eye~Jewels** [INVITED PICS ONLY]  contest: White&quot; ( ?² )great trails VictorGreat job !!!
CiaoGreat capture victor Stunning.stunning long exposure image!! Well done!!Whoa!  I love it, Vic!lovely jobVery colourful and perfect exposure. Nice one.simply brilliant victorindovina indovinello?
uno strumento a corde mai vistoGreat vibration, yes, when sound meets light!^_^Superbe
------------
www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jiWF91DssM&amp;feature=relatedHo piacevolmente perso il senso dell'orientamento....:-)
Belle le luci radenti che generano forme ed esaltano le superfici.
La musica la sento.Beautiful abstract of a beautiful instrument, fantastic light effects!
Music for the eyes ....wonderful!Very cool photo.

Wonderful shadows and lines.legal sun propelled piercingcool!Beautiful lines and tones!great shadowsIt made a fantastic picture; Sweet and warm tones...Sembra uno strumento...parente della chitarra!
Stupendo dettaglio!aaaaaaah je suis fan!!Sempre originali i tuoi scatti, ottimo gioco di luci ed ombre...Shadé : intriguing image with such a nice shadowsDope...Godver, te vet.awesome!!!!!!tof boardje!great... super deck!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nice!!!!super cleanja dopeNice (: !very coolGreat deck !  very sharp and clean.awesomeheb je mijn pack al ontvongen?lukt het om hem voor vrijdag te sturen???
dat zou wel het mooiste zijn 

-i cant pm anymore-super!DAMN zeker hard manTof!bellissimagraziemilleeuno!:)*.* bella bellae brava!
;)looooove this..thank you girls:)d'altri tempi! molto bellaaffascinante e intrigante, incuriosisce, che sarà successo? quale storia ci sarà dietro? brava!stupenda....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called jetpac magazine, and we'd love to have this added to the group!bella bellagrazie a tutti quanti!:DBellissima.nice workwonderful work!!!beautiful!Another Georgia, but very lovely one!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called alan's psychedelic breakfast, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful mood and shimmering light...wonderful!Great shotbrings me peace and tranquility. Nice photo Ahamd.is beautifulمحو شدنش توی اون نور خیره کننده با اون چتر و سیاهی عالیهStunning!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;The Elegance of Blur&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

lovely dear AhmadExcellent , what a beautiful vision !A beautiful shot!Very beautiful rainy atmosphere and capture, Ahmad.Superb this composition and beautiful this light in rain.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***G a l e r i a*** (admin invite), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love your title...
I love the lightExcellent use of light and shadow. Great textures in this shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A Cinematic World (Admin Invited Photos Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ahmad,nice series!!!
love the silhouette with umbrella..

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SOMETHING DIFFERENT {please comment on 2 most interesting pics}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
www.flickr.com/groups/somethingdifferentthank you so much
for posting!!!

***G a l e r i a***This has so much drama!

psss... I am glad you are coming back soon! I have not been a great company to Graça. I have been so busy lately. Sorry!Another winner my friend.
Thank you.  :~)one of my fav towns in USA :D im 3 hours from itgorgeous window!beautiful !!!!!Beautiful capture, lovely window.wonderful cool work!this is beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shades of Beauty - by Admin Invite Only - Post 1/Comment 2 , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I so love this, and I love Savannah (have friends that live there). ♥

This is an invitation to post your beautiful photo to Shades of Beauty:



Shades of Beauty
Post 1 ~ Award 2
 Admins invited only!Great capturelovely

My three favourites of January 2010



(More months in my profile)very good alonHi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait of the World , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Magnificent shot and lovely lights and details and colors sirwhat the HELL (LOLZ)...... How do you get that crispness, clarity and colors .......... Its always a treat watching your streamgreat work!!!Lovely shot..!  Have a good Tuesday, my friend..!!))very good shoot,man! ...and very beautiful model, there.... (her...of course....not him! ;)Excelente, tanto esa composición que has creado, como el color y nitidez de la foto.Very nice portrait!Great light and compo, Have a great week!Muy buena tio, como todo lo que haces ultimamenteOtra mujer guerrera!!!
Creo que los personajes de la historia van a acabar muy mal pq todos se ven muy duros y fijos en sus posiciones.
Estaré atento al desarrollo.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)love the depth of field in this shot - it really gives it a 3D appeal... nice work!...Menudos escenarios te buscas ......buenisima la modelo , con esa complicidad contigo ...Un saludo...Cool shot Alonso. Love the composition and the lighting is spot on as always.good conceptual work...Genial de luces, elpunto de vista muy conseguido, nos muestra profundidad y todavia mas grandeza de la modelo.

Saludosgreat composition!MagnificentLas luces de escándalo as always!
La pose de ella y el ángulo brutales :)superba!;)Maravillosa composición, excelente encuadre y lucesAnother great shot from this series.  Beautiful color.superb scenery Alonso!! excellent postures!!Great job as always.Beautiful!!!!no puede dejar de impresionarme la belleza, tan tremendamente limpia de tus fotos.Excelente foto, muy buena iluminación.The lighting is simply astounding, and the expression of both models are just.....sheer perfection.

Beautifully executed, definitely a favourite in my books!very amazingUna gran foto de moda y un tratamiento excelente como siempre.Joan
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Me puedo imaginar como sería una serie tuya de terror..... Animate!AwesomeVery nice portraitawesome capture....Preciosa toma, me gustan las poses de los modelos y el color de la toma.Great lighting and compstion modelAmazing splashMuy buena foto con un perfecto encuadre, amigo...!!!!Esos ángulos bajos y esas puestas en escena que te gastas, son de lo mejor.great !Buena escena, gran composicion

My today's photo / Mi foto de hoy

&nbsp;¿No hay un seleccionar todo y agregar a favoritos? :-D !!! dejar de comentar tu flickr... es como dejar de comprar el periódico a diario.

Vaya foto... puf....definetly like your style!
...a masterpiece of enlightening.
just my compliments!Genial compo, muy bien iluminada!!
Saludos. Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts  Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ON THE FIRST 3 PAGES
If you Receive 6 or more Peace Awards 
POST HERE Muah, muah y muah!Menudo control de la luz!
Supongo que la colocación de los flashes será la del esquema Ari
;-)fabuleux
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)bonita toma 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This image was seen in

EXCALIBUR AWARDS - (Post 1 - Award 5)
Collect 10 for invite to next groupThis image was seen in

EXCALIBUR AWARDS - (Post 1 - Award 5)
Collect 10 for invite to next group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This image was seen in

EXCALIBUR AWARDS - (Post 1 - Award 5)
Collect 10 for invite to next groupgreat exposure and lighting! love the model and her hair.Oh so nice!!Lovely scene! Nice minimalistic colors!Great Photo!

The group, Country RoadsGreat imagination! Nice photograph.Love this one,  very nice capture. I wonder if they are using the old house to store hay in like they do here in Kansasnice! keep it up!Just fine!War of the Worlds?Very nice outcome!Wow, nice work Fabio!that looks like the set of Scary Movie...oh and the image is quite good...a bit over done for my taste ;)Good work!!the foreground looks great!Huh, nice.uber nice location....impressiveVery nice! (@philsieradzan)this is very different.
i love it a lot.the colors and the lighting are just amazing.the purple is gorgeous. 
i love the little piece of hair in front of her facewoah snap cooli love the tones and the light!love it =) the tones are amazing!The scale of this is wonderful... great color too!you always take my breath awayI love the light and tones.oh tessomgosh I love the colors :)your purple wall is so prettyThis photo is so gorgeous.I love the negative space.  The colours are so gorgeous.did you paint your room? i love this.the colour of purple.the colors are perfect
I love the compositionAmazing colors!
I love the negative space.lovely Emilio...love the lonely fisherman :)Wonderful shot and great mood in this picture. Love the sky.que maravilla emilio, una foto preciosa con un monocromo suave y elegante, la compo es excelente, todo un lujo de foto amigo.Beautiful scene, my friend!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado  ***Guardami negli  occhi**- P1/C5 - SWEEPER RUNNING - VOTE NOW! y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

wonderful shot !!!!!Magnifico procesado.

SaludosEmilio, ¡qué escena tan encantadora! Es una composición muy cuidada: el perfil de la costa, el pescador y las rocas en primer término. Llama la atención esa cuidadosa edición: un desaturado selectivo y un cielo sepia oro, que nos sugiere calidez, calma, serenidad. Son las apacibles horas dominicales, a las que se entrega un pescador a solas con el mar.

Excelente imagen, que habla de ti, de tu sensibilidad.sure is a peaceful looking scene - only fishing on a sunny day can be like thispreciosas tonalidades para un buen momento de paz y desconexión.Muy buena composición, una edición soberbia amigo, felicidades!!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado F 5,6 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Preciosa la desaturación progresiva :) me encanta la composicionPreciosa composición y preciosas las tonalidades...¿picaron los minutos? :-)Magnifico momento captado.
Me gustan tonalidades del cielo!Los pescadores dan mucho juego, ha quedado chula.Sos un maldito Emilio! Jajaja AMO tus fotos! =)
Y esta me encanta por el sentido que le diste y además el tono anaranjado del cielo! Es preciosa amigo!! Me la llevé.

cambio y fueraWonderful scene!PreciosaUna maravila esa silueta con ese virado que le has dadoPreciosa escena. Además parece una de esas preciosas fotografías antiguas!!!! Esta me la llevo!!!!
Saludos y gracias por visitarme!!!!!Geniales los tonos! :)Wow awesomeprecioso encuadre y procesado..muy bonita emilio..Great landscape! And what a calm the fisher adds to this photograp. Beautiful!

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/No tengo claro como has procesado esta foto, pero te ha quedado de lujo, a la altura del artista en que te estás convirtiendo, si es que ya no lo eres.

El cielo es impresionante con ese tono, y la composición excelente; la soledad de la persona frente al bullicio que debe existir al fondo, en la línea del horizonte.

Muy buena.Questa foto stupenda l'ho vista in:

***Guardami negli occhi** -- Post 1 / Comm 5Magnifica composicion y bonitos tonosa veces nos quedamos sin palabras,,, muchas veces repetimos expresiones para reflejar lo que vemos,,,, pero que mas podermos decir que maravillosa, impresionante,,, llena de vida y sensaciones¡¡Questa foto stupenda l'ho vista in:
 
***Guardami negli occhi** -- Post 1 / Comm 5Es una preciosidad de composición y de edición..Such a beautiful and peaceful atmosphere,
love the composition and color... great treatment!Que bonita fotografia,me encanta la  imagen de ese señor pescando,cuanta paz relajacion inspira! me encanta el procesado una maravilla de foto.que buen titulo porque hay veces que no pescas nada jjejee excelente la edicion
saludosWonderful !!Un trabajo muy fino !! ... no es una sorpresa !! ..Emilio :)
Siempre con tus ochos ... tan arbierto ... por todos detailles !!!!Preciosa esa desaturación progresiva, te ha quedado una bellisima imagen.....:)Bellissima!Me gusta todo escepto los halos que se aprecian alrededor del pescador, tiene una edicion muy guapa.ImpresionantePreciosos los tonos del cielo, y la composición muy buena.
SaludosExcelente edicion amigo ! saludos !muita paz!Lovely capture and color processing, very nice mood and title,
thank you for your constant support my friend Emilio!Questa foto stupenda l'ho vista in:

***Guardami negli occhi** -- Post 1 / Comm 5Que pasada de imagen y tratamiento, enhorabuena es preciosa!Un título precioso y la captura de esos minutos tan precisa...que me la llevo.Awesome captureexcelente composicion Emilio!!!Emilio una toma de lujo amigo, que bellas son tus fotografias, un saludo amigo.Absolutamente espectacular,  gracias por compartir tu trabajo!



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Otra obra de arte Emilio, como me gusta el cielo y la pose del pescador,   felicitaciones!!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Magnífica, con un procesado de lujoComo siempre fantastica amigo...todo un lujo de composicion, eres un artistaQue procesado mas bueno ese toque en el cielo le queda muy bien
Un saludo EmilioEs un momento muy bello el que has captado y ese desaturado le queda muy bien a la imagen
BesosAmazing capture!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful captured solitude and well composed.Muy adaptada la composicion..  Emilio espero que tambien pesque pescado... la foto tiene muy linda vista..Magnífica, que tranquilidad trasmite, y creo que el procesado lo acentúa 
aún más. Buen trabajo...
Saludos !He llegado tarde y ya te lo han dicho casi todo, el nombre que le has puesto, como siempre, invita a meditar, la composición de un maestro, el procesado me has sorprendido, no es de los que te conozco, pero no por eso es menos cuidado, te lo voy a resumir:UN LUJO DE EDICIÓN. Un abrazo.Fantastica composicion, con un procesado muy interesante !Aparte de tus cualidades como fotógrafo, tienes un pequeño don de la poesía para los títulos. muy original ese tratamiento, que divide el encuadre entre tonos cálidos y fríosAnda que no...otro fotón, parece un auténtico cuadro viviente!I love this!  Very peaceful looking.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ~~monochromatically moody y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Un color estupendo y una composicion que otra vez me transmite algo melancolico, muy bonita!eres pero , no se ... ni te conosco pero eres especial , siempre con un comentario lindo :D eso de verdad se agradece , muy buena modelo cierto ? yo diria que mejor que la tia jajaja mi sobrina desde pequeña fotogenicaaaaaaaaaSolo puedo decir que es Simplemente hermosa en toda su totalidad...

La tranquilidad visual que trasmite es Maravillosa!!!


Saludos  Emilio besos amigo...Me gusta la toma, con el pescador en un rincon, siendo parte principal de la foto, pero dejando campo libre. Perfecta.


--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Una toma y un lugar preciosos.
Me hace sentir como que estoy ahi, jaja :)
Besos !Me encanta el cielo en ese tono naranja. Y la persona con el sombrero. Genial, Muy tipica. Besos Emilio =)Excelente foto Emilio.. el procesado es lo mejor que he visto.fantastic moment... love the treatment... 
very peaceful...Lovely. I love the editingEsta foto tiene su &quot;Que&quot; F 5,6 
que buena que quedo! parece un cielo radiactivo! excelente!breathaking my friend!....perfect compo, love the mountain on the right and the muted yellow sky is spectacular!Bella scena ! Bel  momento!
 You are invited to add this photo in 



 The largest group in the world.
Please tag your picture with &quot;The largest group in the world.&quot;Me encanta esa composicion y encuadre, mezclando los dos tonos de virado. Buenisima.Fantastic work!!!Muy buena foto.  Nien pescada.... A ver si la pesca también da resultados !!!!
Un saludoSeen in monochromatically moody
   monochromatically moody Precioso procesadofabulus edition
beautifull serene scene!!Tus postprocesados me embriagan...  muy buena la composición también :)Joder con tus fotos...
En fin! Envidia!!!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Fotos prohibidas / Not allowed photos y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Muy bueno :)Estupenda composición. Muy buena y bonita. Un saludo.emili, gracias por tu luz. de verdad, gracias.
en estos dìas...
te abrazo, quisiera animarme, ya voy a poder.
amo tus fotos, lo sabès.emilio, emili suena a nena. jajajaes una maravilla ver una y otra vez esa soledad.wonderfuL shootBeautiful colours, very prettyUnos días sin pasarme por aquí y me encuentro... esta maravilla.
Refleja uno de esos momentos en el que el hombre se encuentra a solas con sus pensamientos...Muy buena
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )...sin palabraslovley ;$emilio bonita toma y el titulo muy original. un saludo.Que guay hago el comentario 100 jajaja !!!!
Muy bonito ese toque de color en el cielo.
Un saludo Emilio :)impresionante, felicidades por el explore!!aww he looks so alone ..

nice shot.. so intense!

fantastic tones ;)tu me haces sentirme mal  porque comentas hermosamente mis fotos y las tuyas son mucho mejores u_uAwesome tones and composition here. Great work!!preciosa la foto cuidate :DDisfrutando el momento!!!!
Abrazos!!genial esa composición y el titulo es perfecto!qué colores amigo! y qué título!Serenidad, calma y relajación es toda la escena.

Buen recurso el del tono cálido en el cielo.


SaludosMaravilloso ese contraste del sepia al blanco y negro.Increible... bellísima toma... la composición y la edición... cuánta paz y calidez, calma, serenidad... El título... todo es un combo perfecto... de más está decir que a favoritas.
Felicitacioneses preciosaque bonita foto!
dos paginas de comentarios. no puedo agregar nada que no te hayan dicho--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)definitivamente se va a mis favoritas &lt;3Que preciosidad, me gustaA veces hay momentos en los que a uno le gusta estar solo contemplando el mar o &quot;pescando minutos&quot;. Por cierto buena fotografía, buena composicíon, me encanta el tono del cielo en contraste con el blanco y negro. Y sobre todo me encanta el titulo que le has puesto!.

Buen trabajo Emilio.cute!ohhh, how charming!! love these homespun hearts!

Seen in: Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads
these are too cute!Cute cute cute!  I love these.Very SWEET !!Just adorable!  Love them hanging like this :)these are super sweet!omg i love them.cute cute! The pix is great too-smooches from the sheep!!Very creative in more ways than one.
--
Seen in the group&quot;Monday Photo Challenges and Thursday Retreads&quot; ( ?² )Cuter than cute!  I need to get the magazine.Aw these are simply superb! What a beautiful image this is to celebrate heart monthThese are adorable!I LOVE these!!  I think you have a perfect Valentine's display there.  Lovely work.wowwhat a nice dof...morning er ta remove korlen kno?excellent!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow...purple heron so close? great site shudipto.....Voyaboho moment capture korechen !! payer kache panir  cholke utha ta oshadharon.Darun!jotil bhaiajotilz...  


---
Seen this shot in:
www.flickr.com/groups/throughthelens (?)etar nam purple heron keno?
chobita onk gibonto mone hochemarse re.........

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)eita ki chobi!??! 
ki ek khan moment! truly oshadharon!without a doubt fav, instantly!!GR8 job dada...!outstanding..... fatafati..

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)woohoo!!!:Dhi dada ! This is robin. owesome pics ! Matha nosto :Dfeeln like to fly ..............Beautiful capture, wonderful shot!Amazing shot, beautiful bird! I see white and blue ones here but I've never seen one like this!great moment captured!!!

Seen this shot in:
Through The Lens: Bangladesh

Pool.Congratulations on TTL POD # 314

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)congr8s for winning the POD

Nice moment

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)Arey Shudipto pakhal der khatay naam likhaiso dekhchi, ki shanghatik ekkhan shot! 
POD mubarock!!Beautiful beautiful shot!!!Wonderful picture, outstanding eye! 
Fantastic!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wow !! This is PERFECT !!
Great timing ! 
the shape water droplets and the nuck gives an amazing symetry friend !! !
Amazing composition and crispness !
You choose the right spot to wait for the birds !
Awesome POV !!
This is what i call PHOTOGRAPHY !!
Have a great day my friend !Well Captured ! stunningsuperb shot!I think commented and faved this pic before.
Its gone!

Anyways, this si superb!Amazing movement and amazing moment! the curving lines from the tip of the beak down to the end of the water trail is fantastic.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1217818...Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Great action-shot!
Good work!
--
seen in exploreHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22697.Congrats on explore. After watching da pic this morning i thought that its going to be explored and i was right. Congrats again.very niceAmazing!
Feel really inspired by this one.
Great work.
Have a great day.Great shot!

Wonderful captured!erokom chobi dekhle wild life photographer hote echha kore...Una preciosa captura. Enhorabuena.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Stunning shotLovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...Excellent!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Capture Nature / No human elements /, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellentGorgeous image - beautifully captured!Cool fetch !this is just marvellous…full of movement and atmosphere…you captured a moment in the life of this heron very well
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Beautiful!جميله جدا

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32567697@N03/4343312824/]
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Wow - perfect timing and great clarity!

Seen on FluidrHi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
amazing shot!Excellent, Oshadharoooon, chorom, maratttok . kharan ektu pani khaia nai. jossssss, blockbuster.Very Coolawesome :)wow, great shotWow... really good capture. Congrats.stuning shot

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Spectacular shot!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]nice shot ...amar bolar kisu silo na........Excellent!

Ciao,
AndyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Planet 7D, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please read the group rules before posting.Excellent capture. . . 


Seen on FluidrSpectacular capture!Great catch!beautiful!Beautiful light for this capture.   The water trailing off the feet is a sweet bonus detail.Dhongsho...purai Dhongsho!!This is SUPER. Really great and stunning shot!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthgreat capture!!amazing capture! great timing!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Really outstanding!Beautifulstunning capture!Amazing shot!you ARE the cutest, just like molly says, hbm!
roll on spring x.LOVE this!!! come on spring ...
hbm!love your patterns!!!! i have toile / batik / pattern / style envy!!!! HBMwicked cool!!!  hbmlove all the b &amp; w's  -  hbm  xwow!  look at all those paterns! very intersting capture.  love the chucks!  HBM!Love it! HBM!oh my goodness, nic!  i loooooooooove this!  those chucks are awesome.  you are so cool.oooh !! nice !! love it ! :DMmm B &amp; W.  Super cool!this is so, so cute!!!!!!!!!:)those are some pimpin shoes, HBM!Dang, those shoes are freaking cool. 
Such a cute idea, and I know how you feel- my chucks are calling my name. 
HBM!you are adorable! super cute bench monday!I love snow (but it's probably b/c we never have it here in SC!)...but I can imagine how snow boots would get old!  I love my Converse too!  HBM!!!  =)Great Bench Monday..love all the B&amp;W patterns!!OMG!! Skully chucks no less~ Fantastic!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!great patterns......lots of fun......well, it was inevitable.....I have to get out my snow boots it seems......this is really beautiful! love the details of the city lights. you captured it well.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Reynolds-Connery Scale of Awesomeness, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awsome photo!

Did you notice there is a face in the sky? :-)This is a great picture! It makes Chicago even more beautiful!Really nice, the city is so overwhelmed by the clouds. Great long time exposure, makes a perfect night shot!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This has got to be one of the better cityscape shots I've seen on here.  I like how you've managed to make such a large city look so small, yet there's tons of detail in the buildings still.  Nice work!Well done. The clouds look like a happy ghost.Great b&amp;w!great job, i love this. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)AWESOME!

 If it's awesome, it's in the RCSoA; and since this is, it must be awesome.


Reynolds-Connery Scale of Awesomenessthis is brilliant
 If it's awesome, it's in the RCSoA; and since this is, it must be awesome.


Reynolds-Connery Scale of Awesomenessimpressive shot and treathmentBeautiful shot!!!Wow. 10 out of 10 on the RCSoA scale! This is a brilliant shot. Love it. Very inspiring!!!Nice shot
tslam edekHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Friends Of &quot;El Brujo&quot;  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All amazing shots, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Light Painters Society, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ما شاء الله عليك يا بوحمد الصراحة أكثر من روعة هالصورة .. تسلم ايدكNice shot..,Fun work. Good image!Very pretty :)صوره ممتازه جدااgreat....awesome ray of light!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)raw3a ya bo 7amadابداع والله
ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن
تسلم ايدك ياخويspectacular...Great Shotamazingi will fav this one
clouds look more dramaticMashallaNice shot, awesome!So beautiful !Fantastic!wow! awesom light!! stunning view and procesing!Super use of wide angle :)
D3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)))))))))colors= amazing
shot=amazing
amazing amazing amazing ..
nice editing (:What a fab representation, love the tones in this.

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot;. (?)Great idea and so pretty!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)great ideaUtterly captivating CY :)this is fantastic xBrilliant idea!very cool...love the tones!Fab shot and great awareness.



--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Brilliant idea and such a pretty pictureBeautifulclever ideaThis is so pretty! Awesome shot.fantastic representation of something so horrid and annoyinggreat ideaFab idea.this is such a creative take on it.Great representationgorgous colours, and great ideaGreat cause. Love the tones.sorry, been away for a few days, what have i missed part from this lovely photo...? have some serious catching up to do sorry!!!! ☺Good cause, great colours and tones here, congrats on another Explore too:-) very little lol, hope you had a great weekend!
 thanksFab shot, I love this xgreat colours and ideaGreat idea...c'est le sujet... photographique... Parfait !
;)Une fleur dans la nuit.... magique!Wonderful!a ghostly silhouette -- with teeth.
:-)perfect

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great shot. Love the simplicity of this one.WOW! Stunning!..Beautiful picture!..Very well taken!stunning picture.tenebrosamente e misteriosamente bella!!!Etre de préférence !! belle compo. Merci pour le quick com .
Belle journée Diane !****************Very beautiful !****************
.........C|h|ú|c|m|ừ|n|g|n|ă|m|m|ớ|i !.........
T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !Lovely !!!!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Force of Photography, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Soulful Black &amp; White, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Dramatic Simplicity!Beautiful composition; great silhouettes...!!Questa ripresa macro risulta molto gradevole ma sopratutto brillante. 
Molto interessante è il bilanciamento cromatico e la  buonissima nitidezza con l’ottima risoluzione.  

Il  bilanciamento cromatico generale ha permesso di ottenere dei bianchi molto brillanti con la perfetta restituzione dei colori il tutto ha consentito di ottenere una eccellente immagine.

Molto interessante e sapientemente bilanciata è  l’inquadratura con la  perfetta focalizzazione del soggetto principale il cui risalta notevolmente grazie alle sfumature a degradare dei piani focali anteriori e posteriori.

Complimenti per la buona riuscita dello scatto 

This photo have it own soul.
Seen in:


Soulful Black &amp; White
Thanks for sharing.!!I love the steam or clouds [not sure] coming of off the buildings! Wonderful! You could get another good photo out of this too if you cropped just above the umbrellas :)Great lighting, and colors. I love night photos.wow beautiful night shot :)Stunningly beautiful! Composition is good and excellent light!

Great job!This is superb Callissa

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;*Challenge You* &quot; (?)oh! how this makes me miss sydney!!Stunning capture - I know the spot well - my son used to be the bar manager here :-)
--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;*Challenge You* &quot; (?)This is amazing!! What a beautiful city and brilliant capture!Amazing capture
Cool picGorgeous image!This is beautiful :)Sorry to miss this!


Congratulations! Your photo is a
 
Please post it to the 
pool.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;*Challenge You* &quot; (?)lovely captureGreat night shot, I love how you incorporated foreground into the picture. The restaurant with its umbrellas makes is more interesting that if it would have been just plain buildings.Amazing  catch  I love all the lights of the city!  and i just love the Composition.Beautiful! I love the lighting and composition!lighting is perfect! great shotCongrats on Explore. This is lovely.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Going one better than mine! Funny how we went for the crushed can look tonight.There are a few crushed cans in there for sure. I tried to upload this one yesterday but was having problems.Why is steel and aluminium mixed in?. Dont they get separated for recycling?Someone's been eating some Quality Street over Christmas! Great shot!Look at all the colors!What a waste! Certainly makes for a colourful photo though.

Drink cans have all but vanished here in Germany after the government made it compulsory for them to have a deposit added to the price.great image!  the colours and clarity are spot on.Very effective  photo..lots of colour and lots to look at. Nice even lighting and good definition overall. You've managed to create interest from a load of old rubbish.Is that the bottom of your bin. ;-) great range of colours.The colours are great, where do they have transparent recycle bins?

--
Seen in the group&quot;Past and Present T189 - Photo a day 2010 &quot; (?)Fascinating seeing it compacted like this!Brilliant idea!Wow! so many!!!This is SO AWESOME :D 
your expression is fantastic.WOW! This processing is awesome!OMG that is so cool!Oh God finally someone uplaod something nice :D

Did you edit this ??

I love your expression!!! 
:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a man alone is always in pleasant company, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Love it,
Great texture.
Great focus.i do like square crops too. i think i will use it more.
great photo, i do like the texture a lot.this is sick man :)love this, man.
totally agree on the square crops, but i think you'd know i felt that way already haha
love the texture so much, very well done.Hmmmmm! This is really how to use photograpy to express feelings. Great!

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/my goddd, this is so coool! Love the texture!woah creppyyyy niceI love the way that your hands come out of the distortion from the texture.  Very, very cool.oh mi word! its beautifulyou are just a geniuswoah, very cool editing!very nice workyou can get cream for this........wowowow.
this is truly amazing.My goodness, you are so creative.  Great work as always.  Really original.wicked stuff!wonderful, i love your expressionBrilliant.This is awesome!!Super fantastic!  This might be my favorite...so far!this is sooooooo good!!!! your face is like the best thing on earth. 
well done.this, is impressive. very well done.
.... second thought: i find this MORE than impressive. can't find the term, you see what i mean. :)really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!ooh this made explore btw ;)checkout my last upload

Wow, great night view!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *****FROM MY LENS*****, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Really great!!!! Instant fave my friend :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wow..astig neto sir..,&quot;) tfs!ganda sir..

parang kumikinang ung mga buildings!!!Ang linis at ang linaw! Lufet mu!ASL parang platinum ang gabi! grabi!Beautiful skyline!!! 8-)astig! malinis at malinaw talaga. panalo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called One &quot;BEST&quot; Photo a Day (Quality &amp; Interesting Photos Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

naks kumikinang parang pwedeng ipakilo ah! gara namanHi, I'm an admin for a group called Mga Pinoy sa Kabilang-Ibayo, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ganda Jhames....such a wonderful and breathtaking capture...
love the blue tone too...have a happy Monday Blue !Stunning work here, love the colorsSuperb.Wonderful shot, my friend... 
Awesome,  thanks for sharing


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic scene
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful result

Seen at STAND-OUT Images!ibang level na to...touch of classdone to perfection. maganda talagaThis is a PERFECT capture---I love it!Wow just wow!PERFECT nga. sobrang instant FAVE! excellent work bro!ako din...WOWFantastic shot!Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Magnificent Ading JHAmeswow. bangis nito sir. Superganda.galing ng kulay nito jhames, hanep ang reflection! wagi ang night shot mo..mai-try ko nga ito jhames..Great skyline! - Well done!!

Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Great exposure my friend, love the reflections!amazing clarity!
Seen at STAND-OUT Images!Fantastic shinny skyline.wow naman ang reflection, ang ganda ganda nito jhames! ganda ng exposure, great night shot..ganda ng mga lights!husay ng detalye at reflection. ang galingAmazing clarity!
Seen at STAND-OUT  Images!Wow, I'm glad you guys liked my photo. Thanks for your wonderful comments my friends. I really appreciate them all. I'm sorry for missing your streams -busy today. I will try and catch up. pwamis!Very beautiful lights!

A perfect photo and goes to my favourites.wow! A fave!lovely...........greatvery very beautiful.. super exposure... excellent work!beautiful night shot!superb exposure nito ser!all i can say is WOW!! 

here's singapore @ night : 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/glenespn/4295487385/in/set-72157623138999749/]Love this photo!awesome shot!Fantastic reflections and tones. Great photoMy SARA
shy5t el zain
Doseri
Muni
waj3 el mfarg
NSD
MAB 7yati &lt;3 =p
-i love it :'D`خطيييره والله
keeep on going (y)

COMMENT ME &amp; NOTE ME PLLLLz :/

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/lamoosh/4329062166/2910192942/]-




7aaallla &lt;33
i like it Hun
Faved
-k-



Nice ~. -


1sttt ;$ &lt;3

Fdaaaaaaaaaiiitt elyy 7jzww lyyy ;$ :**


Waaaaaaaaaayyyyaaaaaaaa &lt;33333
Lbaaaaaaa Hal zoooool (L).(L)


A777777777777bbbbbbbccccch!!!!!!!!!!
7dddiiii 7baaiiiittt elPiiiicc ;$ &lt;33
w a77b elyy feehaa
w a77b ely 76t'haa (A) :$


Looo y9eeer asweehaa Fav 10000 tiimes chan swait =\ !!! :**

Akkeeedd akeeeddd akeeeedd Fav bddoon klaaam b3d! =D (K)

Ps ; fdaiit elmodel ;$ :*
amoott feeha &lt;3 (A) 
Ayaa 3la Deeboo Fdait`ha anaa &lt;3
Loved the shot ♥
Faved L3younch ya 3sl :*
keep it up =P
cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute

alla y7f'9ch baby

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)

(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)(K)* Second ` 

 Yaaa Lbaaa Fnhum :*

 A7biiiiiich '6abooy (AA) !!
Amazing &lt;33
cute;*Lovely pix
perfect
well Done..!anaay jameeela al9ora

keep it f al3laly oboy ;** 

n w8in 4 ur new ..cuuuute &lt;33
Wayaaa 3laaaihummmm (L)
B7bk kteeeeeeeeerr ;O
 Nice pic debooedit &lt;33&lt;3

ya lbeeeeeeeeh ~ (A) NicE pIC 

Love It &lt;333 Cutaa masha alla 3liich , alla Y7f'9ch abooi (k)

Fav L3yoonch 5a6eeeeeeeera Maaaaaaaaan !!!!!!!!!!
Loved it !


Fave L3yooonCh
BTW ; 7abiiit ur shirt !WooooooW :\,,

So niiice hunii,,
Great job ; )
I &lt;3 it  (kk),,

Keep it up &amp; don't stop it xp,,


~ i luv UR haerr ;**


faaved &lt;33 


doom illast :D

Fdieet Marwa &amp; Deebo &lt;333
a7la Model's w Rbyy (L)


&lt;3Cool Cuteeeee &lt;3&lt;3



COMMENT ME PLZ-cute 
fdaiiit eli wraa ana :* ;p &lt;3Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~ Seen in Explore ;O;Oحلوه حلوه ^_^ 

حبتييييين عليج =) 

كومنت لاهنتي ^_^faved ♥ _ ♥&lt;3 Niiiice .. &lt;3 it Rheba
  Fav &lt;33ya mbd3a 
Sure fav ;)really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!amaazing ! niiiice 
7abeeetha aly wara P: 
keep it up $:I love the colors
and (10) they are worth it, they really are.pshh
i look at your picturesThank you for the tag :) love the colors also! don't worry, I look at your pictures but I feel the same about my flickr too. I had two cameras break, it is an indescribable feeling, I felt like I did die. so take care of your camera baby :)errr... i look at your photos.  almost daily since i added you as a contact.  =0/nice silhouette + color on the standing areanice shot ...amazing!
love the colours and silhouette =]thats meeee! yay, this is wonderful, i love the way you edited it:)Alex [in wonderland], Leos, and Lalwani Rajesh- i love the colors to thank you very much
Hugo and Photo4jenifer- thank you very much for looking at my pictures
emily- shut up i love youLove this SO much!
Nice color!nice picInteresting silhouette

Congratulations, I saw this wonderful photo in
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupI love this perspectiveWonderful shot. Good angle.Got some more for us?  Thanks. Any comments on the lens?

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Nikon D300 Users&quot; (?)amazing.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)That is great advantage .... 
Did you find adisappoint when you tray it?Awsome.amazing shot ..

can you tell me about the price ?

بدا يضبط معاه هعFantastic composition, nice shot !!!Beautiful capture! Fantastic contrast here.Perfect! I love the wide angle shots!Is that Crystal Pier?Very cool use of the new optic, the sense of motion is key.

--
http://www.nikoncafe.com/vforums/showthread.php?t=261214&amp;page=12 (?)Super cool!  Nikon using this one?Oh my! Can this be my background?! Amazing!Nice !!just perfect!para palang Dominion Terminal sa Cubao itong Angeles.mganda rin po iyong itsura ng angeles terminal nila... kasya po ang 14 na bus.... hehehehe= )yup, tama si elite. malaki itong terminal na ito. bumagsak ang bubong nito noong Pinatubo eruption.ms jaynesvile.... hindi nga..... bumagsak ba ito nung pinatubo eruption?... naalala ko ito nung bata pa ako iyong pader neto sa gilid parang sira... tapos iyong sa likod ganyan na talaga itsura nya pati iyong accounting office sa isa pang gilid ganyan na talaga....= )itong terminal na ito merong tank ng gas sa likod.... hehehehehe= )@elite, yung bubong lang bumagsak.. dati slanted ang bubong nito. masyadong mabigat ang buhangin na naipon sa bubong at may mga tremors pa kasi nun. may mga tao nga na natrap. ewan ko kung may bus noon. narinig ko lang sa balita sa GV FM.ok.... hehehehe....= )1 beses p lng ako nakasakay sa dito sa Angeles Terminal..goodness thats HAWT D!!!!How can I get invited to your parties -- they look like so much fun! ; )classy sexy gorgeous xyesss, ditto mollykiely :) 
love this, love the feeling of it. &hearts;Gaaaaaahhhhh! You are amazing!! I love this so much, and not just because it is me! The composition and DoF are perfect. I love the processing, too. xoxoWondrous!This is so beautifulThis is really beautiful. Classy finish. Nice job.gorgeous!Excellent!wow. just gorgeous.Very Helmut Newton... I LOVE THIS!!well done!! beautiful bwone great party . one hot outfit . 
one amazingly beautiful photo . 
and only one like you . 

love you .I really appreciate all yours works mood...
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called d a y_d r e a m e r s (admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

love the mood here!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [The Spot], and we'd love to have this added to the group!ahhhh man, i love this way too muchreally nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Superb shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Are you dreaming my memory ?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Modern/vintage. Vintage/modern! I love it!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ The Factory ~ (by invite), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!So beautiful. I thought this was Maggie Gyllenhal for a minute! This styling would so suit her.ackkkkkkkkkk!  gorgeous!  i want to be here!This is it. This is the one. Love it so much.Lovely perspective!
These old railway lines make good places to have a walk!Amazing winter scene!
--
Seen in the group&quot;This Group Of Our Own&quot; ( ?² )Lovely winter imageNice classic image, Iain. It has a timeless quality that could be used to illustrate different subjects, like it a lot.Wonderful composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Quality Pixels&quot; Post One Award Two..SWEEPER IS RUNNING, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful view and composition, Ian with a speck of red!!Another beautifully composed winter scene Iain. They say there is more snow to come this week!stunning winter scene my friend
everything is perfect crisp and bright
we have a lot of these old lines from the coal mining days
they make great walk and cycle tracks
and are abundant with wildlife
have a great weekAn excellent take, a Beeching cut no doubtBeautiful view - marvelous perspective - time past and time present!awesome take..Beautiful, Winterwonderland.

Nice Shot! Please consider adding this nice shot to:
Nice Shot!


Post 1, award 5Great winterscape I wonder why they left the lines!This Beautiful lmage 
Was Viewed In: 

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;Beautiful perspective and exposure!What a fantastic winter scene!  Very, very nice! Thank you for adding this photo to QUALITY PIXELS!
This Beautiful lmage was viewed in:

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;

 And your pic deserves a lot more love!!!
Post One...Award TwoB e a u t i f u l S h o t--
This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed In:

www.flickr.com/groups/quality_pixels/ ( ?² )i hate winter, but you make me have a soft spot for it! hehe  =]This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed In:

www.flickr.com/groups/quality_pixels/ (?)perfect picture 
perfect depth of fieldHey, I see a spot 'o color! Very beautiful.beautiful view!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Golden Bee (P1-C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful!Lovely a beautiful! 
Have a Nice Day ...How interesting. I love trains and miss the ones that have been replaced by other means of transportation. This is a fabulous winter shot. So well framed.This Beautiful lmage
Was Viewed In:

 &quot;Quality Pixels&quot;This is is pretty. looks like a great place to walk! 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Beautiful!
 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Heart awards standard COMMENT CODE:

 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Which will look like this: 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Congratulations seen on &quot;Explore&quot;this Amazing Work deserves a Crown !

 Royal Group, +22'000 Flickers wear the Crown !  
 This photo deserves a big HEART, 
please post this beautiful picture at 
 Heart Awards Group. . 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group fantastic !Beautiful !

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group 
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPSVery nice!  I like the one punch of red!  Wonderful composition!

 

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group 
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS


A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics) 

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!! 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)I really enjoy walking or cycling these rail-to-trail conversions.were did u see this?Off the 5mecro is a savage.... ok?and knock on wood that doesn't get a ginormus stamp......Love_it...........................Love_it…....Love_it_love......It_love..........................Love_it........... .......Love_it.........................Love_it…...Love_it…Love_it....Love_it........................Love_it............ ........Love_it........Love........It_love…...Love_it....Love_it....Love_it.......Love……....Love_it............ .........Love_it.....Love_it.....Love_it…...Love_it.....Love_it....Love_it.....Love_it.....Love_it............. ..........Love_it.…Love_it-….Love_it......Love_it......Love_it....Love_it....Love_it-....Love_it............. ...........Love_it_lov...E_it_love_it.......Love_it.....Love_it.....Love_it_love..It_love_it_l............... ............Love_it_lo.....Ve_it_love..........Love_it...Love_it.......Love_it_lv......Ve_it_love................ .............Love_it_l.......Ove_it_lo...........Ve_it_love_it_l.........Ove_it_l..........Ove_it_lo................ ...............Love_it..........Love_it................Love_it_love............Love_it............Love_itI hunted for this today and I had no luck. You were right. Well worth checking out in person (if I could of). 

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gr8R8'dFr8, and we'd love to have this added to the group!cool shot! i was wondering when someone else was gonna catch thisSICK!!!!!!!!Wonderful texture work! Compliment!!
Have a nice evening!!

you are invited to post your HIGH ENERGY IMAGE to:

High Energy Places
Invited Photos Only - post 1 award 2 -Thanks a lot for the invitation!!An elegant capture and texture combination.  Thanks for sharing.I absolutely adore this beautiful image. Those textures and the scenery are outstanding!Lovely treatment! Well doneWonderful moody work!Thanks a lot for a comment :)))Beautiful winter shot...perfect texture!Great image with great textures.this is an AWARD for your magic Image ~
Thank you for sharing your Energy with us

High Energy Places
Invited Photos Only - post 1 award 2 -you got a gorgeous shot of this. way too early to be awake, though.nice shot! Love the color in the moon. The exposure is perfect too.Extremely cool capture!!  Exposure is so good I'm temped to ask how you did it.g'pa bill - no magic, mostly luck!  
On tripod.  ISO 200.  Exposure setting averaged between the moon and the landscape.  Very low light but it worked ok...  Thanks!marvelousExcellent!
Love the full moon!I agree with g'pa bill. The exposure is terrific and the moon is awesome! Nicely done Paul!Wow that is a stunning image  Paul
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful!Extraordinary shot!

Your photo tells you are an

Outstanding Photographer 
We'd love you to join usA gorgeous shot!  You were certainly in the right place at the right time!  What a gorgeous moon! ;)Beautiful capture!  Love the lightingwow Paul!.. This turned out wonderful, wish I'd been there...

:-)very nice---reminds me of one I took at Mojave National Preserve.  Must be something about the desert and moon. ;-)Great shotPlease add your picture to


Friendship award
(POST 2 AWARD 5 )
Award 5 photos within the first 2 pages! Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post Here Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post Here Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post HereWonderful !looks like you were up howling with the coyotes :)
a magical momentWell captured. The pink moon looks great.Cool Photo! 

Seen in &gt;&gt; Earth Nature LifeHa ha!!! Who can resist chocolate!
My mom use to hide chocolate and I generally found it.
HBM!Ah, cute! HBM!LOVELY shot, really nice.hahaha funny,,lovely bench monday to yaThat's too funny!  Great shot!  HBM!Shame on you for blaming your son..how do we know you weren't the one sneaking chocolates!! (just kidding!)
Adorable photo!!COOL shothahahah so lovely!! HBM!HBM! This is adorable!Awww! Beautiful!! I like the compo!! HBM! =)Aaww...so cute Cat!Happy bench Monday!Precious!

HBM!adorable....HBM!!!Aww, cute! HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)precioso y cariñoso HBM!!!

--
Visto en el grupo&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)haha....funny story.......this photo is fab....you're such a sweet mommyLove it&lt;3
HBMThat is totally hilarious - what a story!what a clever one! love all these hearts. HBM!Awww, I love this! So sweet and cute, HBM!!!!=)so cute, love the socks!  HBM!!beautiful - hbm xlove it! hmmm does cupid have a naughty list?  lol HBMLol! I suppose he is feeling much better... ;o)aww such a cute story.  love the slipper socks!  HBM!so cute ,,Nice♥♥ So romantic!!
HBM!cuteThat is hilarious!! Great picture-I love all the hearts!Super cute, love the story behind it!! HBM!!Oh, How I love this story.  Reminds me of when my son was a wee-one. I noticed the fridge door ajar....and a little man standing there stuffing his face FULL Of deviled eggs ( which were made for a family gathering )  His little cheeks full of egg.........and lot's of squishy stuff around his mouth...........OHHHHHHHHH...it was the cutest thing ever!!!  Little boys have a way of stealing our hearts....FOREVER!!!Beautiful photo, sweet story. Love, love, love!That is so funny....they are such a joy and so much fun, and I bet he really was a little active guy yesterday.  HBM to you too!!!::))He he my mum used to hide the chocolate chips in an old raisin box.  I'd never look there.Beautiful!Aww...so cute!  Love the tones!  hbmthis is adorable!!!!
love the tones and that cute hearts background!
HBM! :DHappy Bench Monday! Lovely picture!OH MY GOODNESS!!! HMB &amp; this is sooooo cute!!! Love the colors and the kid feet!! Great job here on this one!!!so funny.  adorable.  hbm!Such a cute picture and great story. Mothers become very good at hiding things. He's teaching you!Hilarious story and darling photo!Hehe so damn cute &lt;3Such a funny strory :D HBM!:)
super cute v-day editon pic...
hbm!He's a sneaky one ;) 
What a fabulous shot!nice.So sweet, lovely :)
HBMAwwwe - you can't blame him...at least he left one behind.  HBMlol. I would have done the same thing if I had been him..HBM..Too sweet...so cute-and so funny!  Can't blame him for eating a box of chocolates!Very cute picture :)How sweet this is!  They are just wonderful at that age. HBM!!Oh Cat, this is beautiful! I love how involved your little one is with your photography!Terrific shot !!Lovely shot! hbm.so sweet...hbm to you!!:)Hahaha....kids!  I loved your description!  HBM to you!great shot, &lt;3HBM!I love those hearts everywhere.  And the brown slippers are awsome!So cute. Love your socks. HBM!awww so cute, lol about the chocciesoh dear.....Awwww! Such a sweet photo and the story was so sweet, too - made me smile!excellentSo heartwarming.... wonderful image and sentiment my friend! :-)LOL!
oh Cat, i so needed this right now!!!!  love it, love it, love it!!!

Happy Bench Monday!!!!I love your words about your feelings for your son - same here with my kid. 

hbm!amazing idea! (:
HBM!Very cute! All my babies have stolen my heart also..The moment they are in your arms my heart flooded with so much love I never knew could exisist!!
HBMthis is adorable!  looks like you'll have to go buy another box of candy.  ;)  hbm!adorable image and fabulous story.... :)wwwooowww

awsome

a piece of artlove the story~
very cute~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome shot and a great story!Brilliant shot, and what a little monkey!!!!hahaha he is a smart kid!!

HBMToo cool! HBM!very sweet, cheeky boy! hbm.So precious!! Love all the hearts...beautifully composed!! HBM!lol!!! Adorable!aww...so adorable!! HBM!nice valentine theme going on!
I love that you did a bench Monday duo today too. 
That little fox patch is adorable!!Super Cute Bench Monday!you and your little chocolate thief make an adorable couple!so cute! at least you still have time to get another box!  hbm!haha...that's a great story!  so so cute! hbm!aaaawww... so cute!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No Flowers Challenge - NEW CONTEST&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LOVE is the theme, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

sweetnessAwwww, how incredibly sweet is that!!at least he left you one!   ;)

cute shot.  hbm!This is adorable! :D  I like. (:Darling story.  I didn't learn that my mother hid chocolates from me until I was an adult and saw my brother looking for candy in the freezer--&quot;Didn't you know that's where mom keeps them?&quot;Love the story, pic and...chocolate!!!  HBM!!!  =)Gotta love this...gotta love him. :D
This is special.Great little story about your cherub, Cat !

What a sweet BM shot! Cat, this is just too cute! I loved your story along with this pic... kids say and do the darndest things, my friend!

and...

 Congrats!
Explore #258 bench Monday: you stole my heart away
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cat_moonstone/4340847336]
Nice job, my friend!...  

Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )Lovely story Cat. My son loved peanut butter and was into it every moment he could sneak some!!! Have a great day my dears!HBM.
Gorgeous shot.

Thanks for visiting my photostream. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Lovely!That is so funny.  I have a 4 year old girl.  While I was tending to her brother's arm yesterday she covered my eye shadow brush in lipstick. Never a dull moment. 

The composition her is fantastic, creative and all around great.Beautiful!!! I know that Love!!!
HappY Bench MondaY on TuesdaY!Sooo Cute!!!So cute and what a funny story. Great shot.  Happy Bench Monday!He he, brilliant story.brilliant!!!So funny!LOL! this captures that story soooo well. and i just love everything about this photo. so fun. so sweet.I love the wee animal on his jeans ~ I can't decide if it's a fox or a squirrel though :-)A wonderful fun shot and story!felicidades por esta preciosa HBM y el explore!!!!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!I love all the hearts through out the pic and I know exactly how you feel.  I love my kids more than anything.SO sweet! I don't even need to see your faces to know exactly how they look. Melts my heart...i like the road! its a nice detailAh, but it's probably pleased that someone noticed!
Grand capture !Wonderful landscape. I love that cloud.I love those clouds sitting on the mountains. They look like they were trapped there. A bit like the icing on the cake. That is a great capture.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Great capture!  I was out taking HWY shots as well yesterday, with all the clouds looming overhead.love that cloud hugging the peaks too!Feels 3D~ love how you gave the emotional clouds lots of space.  Great shot.Love the proportions here...cloud completely overwhelms everything else! It must be quite happy! :-)Wonderful and nice capture.
Very nice perspective and compo.
Love the cloudWonderful landscape, the colors are outstanding!Great cloud!breathtaking!I think this is a plump and happy hovering cloud floating its way through.  Lovely capture, Kevin.
_____________________
reply with darckr?awesome landscape!an impressive one in any case!


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.simple but beautifulwow, it does look an angry cloud, great captureWhichever it is, it has a lot of dimension!Great sky here - and yes, what a road!wow..incredible shot Kevin..Ha!! Nice scene!he, he, he, heavy smokesigns over Montezuma... :-)wow that is an amazing cloud 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)amazing landscape shot!
love the shadow created by the clouds on the mountains.a lovely cute cloud^^..ohhhh,... hopefully a happy cloud  ;-)Gorgeous and pleasing shot, thanks for sharing


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)maybe its a PMS cloud? i love it by the way, very dramatic.Maybe it's a naughty cloud, it's going to drop some rain just for fun.

www.youtube.com/watch?v=K82nMSy-IWQ

By the way, there's no traffic here, but here's Steve WinwoodImpressive cloud! Beautiful capture!great capture!! that cloud hugging the mtn range is exquisite!!Wonderful landscape image Kevin -- either way, happy or sad, that immense cloud hovering over the mountain is a marvelous sight!!Lovely shot ... the touch of road gives it such great perspective!! Beautiful!Great colors.Stunning landscape not unlike one you would find herelooks pretty happy to me
--
Seen on a rss aggregator. (?)The cloud looks so close to the ground you could just reach up and touch it.  Wonderful.a bipolar cloud?Perfect composition &amp; color....beautiful landscape

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I'd say it's a happy one. Great cloud!very nice.Good question and great capture and composition.Nice photo. I like photos out west with just a sliver of landscape along the bottom- the rest being sky.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Shoot!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I'd say undecided!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)My kind of heaven!   Beautiful happy cloud. :)Beautiful place and Image !!!!!Soberbia toma y una edición de película!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called F 5,6, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Invitada a - Invited to 

LENGUAJE DE LAS NUBES
Por muy larga que sea la tormenta, el sol siempre vuelve a brillar entre las nubes !but it sure knows where it's going! maybe it's chasing my dragon of the west wind.
 great perspective and interpret.
ps my own glass is always half full xI think it's a happy cloud : )i wondered lonely as a cloud that floats on high ovr vials and hillsi think it's weighing up it's options :-)i believe it to be a bipolar cloud, excellent one kd, ur so lucky it's not cold where u r!
hope all is beautiful!Totally awesome!! :)great shot and landscape Kevin!superb capture.. well donethat cloudline is quite something.i think it's happy.....it's pretty now....Fantastic....great....Hollywood scene..........!!!..........Wonderful sky So lovelyMaybe an angry cloud becoming happy... or the opposite. ;oD
Awesome!I think he's happy.  He certainly is HUGE!Great photo and composition here, I think the cloud looks forboding, I say ANGRY!!! Rarrrgh!!!A happy one!:DLove to see all this cloudage in Arizona--yesterday's
were off the hook!Spectacular sky.Great capture!Depends on how you see it. :)Excellent compositioN@

:))Looks like it could get angry at anytime! Great composition and color. I love the diversity in your photosteam.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice depth to this. I can't tell either.Nice shot, great composition.nice pillow in the skyanother captivating landscape! lovely tones and fascinating clouds!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WILD CLICK!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Spectacular......you perfectly composed the frame!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Awesome landscape and sky!~LOvely clOud~
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..dear cloud, I do believe you are a show-off cloud!  Rightly so, I might add...

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TRAVEL PILGRIMS ~ Admin INVITATION ONLY Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastica las nubes

Esta foto tiene su &quot;Que&quot; F 5,6 
excellent, very beautiful capture!
very well done!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Happy very happy

Gorgeous capture!can I call it the Sarah Palin remembrance cloud?For me, it looks beautiful cloudA lovely image...wow wonderful!!!stunning compo....wonderful low horizon giving a lot of clout to the cloud!!It's a happy cloud!!Wow, that is such a beautiful landscape! I wish I could see it in real.There seems to be some underlying anger, Kev:)Aaaaaaaaaargh ...
Guilhem, j'adore !!!Beau reflet et chouette ciel !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Fantastique composition. j'adore.superbe photo, j'aime beaucoupUn ciel bas, une profondeur incroyable : un paysage surréaliste sauf pour un Islandais !!!!!! :-))) A quand les cours de Samba sur ton stream ??? hihihigreat sky and reflections! nice workqu'est-ce que c'était beau thingvellir!!So beautiful reflection on the water.
Great shot !Vraiment très joliewonderful scenery - awsome!!Bellisima foto.Gran uso del angular.SaludosTu es un vrai spécialiste des photos de paysage!
Encore une fois, le traitement est top!gorgeous lines, excellent compositionBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe WILD CLICK!!, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Love the texture of the nuages and their shadow over the water. Great rangeBonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Sky As A Canvas ~  New contest ~ Snow &amp; Sky, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Tres argente (pas de gris!)superbe cielAh L'Islande... De supers souvenirs... Superbe ciel!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)fantastic landscape !Très beau shoot !!! Magnifique lumière !!!! 
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Roh l'autre eh ! il poste une photo de fraîcheur et il se vante de son 1er coup de soleil...
C'est un coup bas...

mais c'est beau :)héhé :) autant te dire que je m'en vante pas tant que ca : j'ai douillé hier soir :)Very interesting landscape. Great sky.
From 1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!
Please add this picture to our group's pool
You are invited to join, adding your gorgeous photos from great places all over the World to our group.
Please visit, be sure you read the rules and agree with them and join !!!!
1000+ Best Places On Earth Group!Bien méritée l'explore Guilhem.On va attendre Sao Paulo alors, même si ce paysage nostalgique est fascinant !superbe ce ciel lourd

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beau paysage tourbeux, et que dire du ciel... 
So Danço Samba !C'est la 1ère fois que tu la mets en ligne celle-ci ?
On devine un temps &quot;tourmenté&quot; par le vent dans les herbes au premier plan et l'avancée des nuages mais le plan d'eau a l'air si calme !@pepper : bah oui, c'est même mon unique photo de lac avec un reflet du ciel digne de ce nom !Belle paysage!!!!

COOL SHOT!!!
Please add to : 
 
&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

 
 This photo deserves a big HEART, 
please post this beautiful picture at 
 Heart Awards Group. .

Please share this wonderful picture with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)


 
You are invited to join Flickr Stars!


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/So much depth to this image, love the lighting &amp; mood.

Excellent capture!!Merci beaucoup =) Très jolie photo, quel paysage splendide !bella fotografiaC'est que cela donne envie de voyager des images comme ça. Même s'il faut subir un petit coup de soleil de temps en temps.@mike : haha oui, mais en islande, aucun risque de coup de soleil :)Wonderful work !
Congratulations.great capture arif and beautiful titledarun. apnar nijer naki kobutor gulu?????khub shundor hoyese.Chnnk ar Aolo boro Aolo...great one.That is so nice.Nice picture of a cosy comfortable home!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/30798317@N04/] no... amar basa Sylhet Haz. Sahjalal (Rd) majar er pasai...majar er pigeon ..amar basai 2 ta pigeon couple thake... r ektar  2 ta baby o hoise :-) ...ei tar egg ase ..ekhono baby hoini...they r not pet...beautiful capture &amp; thoughtSuch an adorable capture...অনেক জোশ হইছে আরিফ ভাই...ভালো সাবজেক্ট পাইছেনexcellent...Jotil capture.....tks arifgreat captureSo cute.

Shudhui Bangla -y dekhechi.GR8 job...! Nice title!!Good capture and treatment - I like the way you have kept the eyes orange.  We often regard pigeons as vermin in England, they are sometimes called &quot;flying rats&quot;. Though in older times pepole ate them in pigeon pies.
.... the one on the right looks fat enough to eat!!! 
No offence intended.Guru !! Guru go !!! chokhkhe pani choila aschhego guru !!! Kemne emne mainshe chhobi tole??? Amar guru dirghojibo houk.coool pp! love itlovely post....love it !ki kobutor eigula? Jalali? Chokh duita lal kan? Bhalobaser rong?[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41485566@N06/] humm Jalali (kash Sahjalal  majar er) selective color kora... eye gular color original emon e. 50mm diye tula!Awwwwwwwwwwww.
So sweeeeeeeeet :)lovely capture, and I truly respect your appreciation for wild creatures.

&quot;fiery bougainvillea&quot; www.flickr.com/photos/celeste/4342679728/

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)

FRIENDS are inviting you to join them.
Please post this wonderful photo to their group
and add the tag &quot;FRIENDS&quot; ~ thank you!!
♥♪♥¸.•*´¨´¨*•.¸ ♥♪♥♥♪♥¸.•*´¨´¨*•.¸♥♪♥♥♪♥¸.•*´¨´¨*•.Immensely Beautiful &amp; Cute!Very Very Beautiful &amp; lovelyNice shot with very good selective color &amp; title ta jotil.Excellent shot &amp; title.

Thnx for visiting my photostream.Such a beautiful photo!  Great capture :)So cute! It's like a dream for kids!
So cool!So cute!  love the rainbow! HBMAwww, I love it HBMlove!!!  hbmthis is too much fun! HBM!So bright and fun, very cute! HBM!!!=)oh wow!  i wish i new how to do all that in photoshop.  i'm so dense when it comes to editing so i just do basic stuff.  HBM!  xoxofantastica!!...HBM!!Awww...Love the quote and super creative! HBM!!Cute..HBMso bright...hbm!!!:)Hello gnomies! HBM!Love the way you composed this! Made me immediately smile! :)
Hope all is going well with the course!HBM
Thanks for visiting my stream. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )OMG I LOVE THIS!  Great colours!  Love the rainbow too!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!

wooow
Lovely colors
Abd3 al9ooooora
yslamoo al2yaadyy
Luvch ;*

Nice pic

Comment me plz 

www.flickr.com/photos/roseqatar/4337682549/well done :&quot;)
Amaz!!!ng 
So Girlish &lt;3 ,,

Well Done Sweety (Y) ,,lovely shotThanks Klkm ;* Fantastic *Thanks ᶫᵒᵛᵉwonderfuL edit ♥♥♥♥Wonderful Taken &lt;333Thanks Both ᶫᵒᵛᵉNice shoot
FAVRaw3aa 
well doneMe'3ci ᶫᵒᵛᵉ Mnawreen `!


AmuuuuzingThanks &lt;3 itLuv it 
Good job sweety !
Hope more creativity and talens

Comment meThanks Both ;*a7bik :*Amoot Feech ;$ ;PpGreat.,Thanks &lt;33♥♥ So Raw3a ,,~}


::



[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32518802@N05/4339835310/]Shukran ¤&lt;3Thank you &lt;33I love you 2
:PCo0ol!nice shot
    
my flickr 
Tjnn 
&lt;3333 it alot 
sure Fav (umwa7'z)*N!C~Jnan ;O♥♥
abd3ty shoshy ;**
adorch ;$

Amazing ..






*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥Great !(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )


7abeet-ha (L)_(L)niiiiiiiiiiiceWell done huni7lwaaaa ;o ♥AmazingGreaT piC 
akeed FAVlovely love u :P  Great !niCe&lt;3raw3a


ni!i!i!ce ♥ 



Keeep It Up



comment me plZFantastic♥!QTE 
Gr8 shot ;)faved :O (LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL)el colors falla ;pThanks All \;` Glad u Liked it ♥! amazing style ... ;) Thanks ♥!Amazing&lt;3~Me'3ci Sweetie♥!AmazingThanksRw3aa &lt;33Nice mn 8alb
Thanks Allatjnn !مررَهـ نآيسس البيك ياقلبي ’amazing :)Thanks All `❤`
amazing
2bd3ty fdeeeeetchThanks &lt;33


nice



Thanks
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful model..Lovely colors.
Nice lighting  and composition.
Excellent shot as always......Well done my friend !!!
&quot; Have a nice week ahead  quot;


Please JOIN US and post this wonderful picture !!!

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** ganda!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )wow!!!ayos sa color tone..

panalo!!!stunning ganda ng kulay...^^beautiful portrait! lovely colors!Your photo screams Photographer !!! 
Thank you for sharing with us 

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** &lt;/apanalo j! ganda ng toneganda...ayan ang banat! tinatapos...hehehecute sirgaleng.tinuturo c koya.insan ganda ng kulay....imagine the lavender color...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called COLOUR PRIORITY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Def thumbs up!cool!!! nice cut!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)isang masarap na kulay abe! iba ka talaga! awesome abe! tow thumbs up! clap clap clap clap! malufet!wow, kay gandang dilag!!ganda!!!!!cool colorKuha mo ang skin tone boy. Right aperture and shutter speed. Sabi nila sablay ung pagsetup (correction, pangingialam) ko ng ilaw. Ganda naman pala sa kuha mo. Wala lang ako kuha sa kanya. Good work boy.excellent, 
love the purple color and great job with the lighting!Ayun oh. Maganda daw pala lighting eh. Ha ha ha. (di nya kasi alam na nangialam ako sa setup ng ilaw kaya na appreciate nya, if alam nya siguro, sabihin &quot;sablay&quot;. He he he. )~LOvely~
~cOngrats~
 ~Seen in XplOr ..#..really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!great image, fantastic shot and excellent treatment


--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)ooooOh heavenly..
stunning shot angelic 1
have a fantastic week ahead
^i^Wonderful image!
Beautiful view!!!beautifulSuperb image ! Love the colours of the foreground and the wonderful background ! Congrats for this great shot !

Seen in my contacts' photos

So beautiful, fantastic and majestueus scene!I have been missing the mountains ever since I looked at your photostream yesterday.  This is exceptional.  Where is it from?  Colorado?Nice view :)Super!!!!Wonderful..
Please, you have been invited to join in: 
Colors of the Soul
 
Please tag your shot: ColorsOfTheSoul

Remember ♡ Post 1 - Comment 3 ♡
Collect 5 Awards win SOUL AWARDA truly fantastic image, great composition and timing here. Very nicely shot!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful shot!  The landscape of the foreground really gives you the impression that this is &quot;high country&quot;! Thank you for visiting my stream!!! I am smiling at the thought of me being called &quot;angelic 1&quot;...I am liking it so! Glad you like the photo... thank you for your kind comment!
It is one of my most memorable photos in this stream, as I was truly overwhelmed by the view when I took the shot!

 Thank you for your kind comment! : )

Thank you so much for your wonderful comment!!! Your appreciative comment puts a smile on my face!!!

 Amelia!!! Thank you for stopping by and letting me share this wonderful view with you! : )

 I guess you noticed that scenic mountains are my favorite shots... : ) It does look like this can be one of the many mountains in CO, but this one is really from one of the Grand Tetons.

 Dorota!!! Glad you like this photo! : )

  : )  Thank you very much!!!

   Thank you for the kind comment and the invite...really appreciate it!!!

  Thank you again for your visit and your wonderful comment my friend!!!

 Anita!!! I was hard pressed working with the foreground as beyond the ridge were deep ravines with unbelievable drop-offs. On the other side are those abrupt Mountains that seem to just come out from nowhere. : )Gorgeous view! Beautifully captured!

NaturesFinest
Please add this great photo to Nature’s Finest 
Tag your photo with &quot;NaturesFinest&quot;wow! great landscape!Beautifully image!  Very well done!

NaturesFinest
This is really one of Natures Finest!!Nice one!  I like your title here too!  That's similar to what I tell myself on long hikes in the mountains, and eventually, that comes true, each time : )And given an incredible photo like this, I think I would like to go over that ridge.

And the next.
And the next.
And the next :) Thank you for your kind comments!!! I appreciate the invite too : )

 Thanks Pete...thank you for sharing your comment!

 Thank you for noticing this photo on NaturesFinest...thanks for your kind comment!!!

  You guys know it...lol. Thanks for stopping by... the nice comments are greatly appreciated!!!NaturesFinest
This is really one of Natures Finest!!




 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Natures Finest (Invited Images Only) CONTESTS OPEN !&quot; (?)Oh, the majesty. The magnitude. Beautifully done.Well, now, you KNOW you have my heart right in the center of that photo!  BEAUTIFUL.  Love the composition!

(so you have moose socks ... I had to laugh ... my pjs have a HUGE moose on them!  We must live in CO, LOL)beautiful landscape photography. great capture of the moment. i like the lighting from the background. thanks my friend for sharing.

holy smokes, how did I manage to almost miss this beauty?!!  I viewed it large, and I was gobsmacked by he detail in the foreground.. I could count the individual trees!!  ( lost count after 1283..lol)

Love the rich earthy tones that fade out to the paler tones of the mountains..to those snow covered peaks.. fantastic shot, my friend!  Looking forward to the next post from you!Wonderful view, great shot!!!Wonderful Shot..!!
Thanks for Sharing in Natures Finest..!!
NaturesFinest
This is really one of Natures Finest!!Wonderful scenery...

Seen in Colors of the Soul
 
Collect 5 Awards win Soul Award
Remember ♡Post 1 - Comment 3♡Wünsche dir einen schönen Tag
About you Award!

About you
P1/C2 - Sweeper
Post here with +5 AwardWünsche dir einen schönen Tag
About you Award!

About you
P1/C2 - Sweeper
Post here with +5 AwardI am also a fan of the womato. Rare, but if you can find one? [mouth noise]Just a thought: sudoku.Clearly, we're related. 
(Each letter represents another letter of a completely different alphabet, yes?)BEN: I realized too late that I wanted to squeeze in the most important grocery item of all. Which led, happily, to the invention of the womato.

JOHN: Too much work—I am a very important businessman.

RN4L: Of course, and of course.really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!This is beautifulreally pretty Ali...and yeah, save all those awesome shots for when you're done with your 365 and you have no pictures to post because you're in withdrawals.

:)wow.. that is sooo booftiful!!! I love love love the sky and all what's in it. pretty amazing stuff!those colours are almost edible - cliche or not :)damnit, those are some amazingly gorgeous colors!Beautiful:-)So so pretty.this is absolutely breathtaking! xoxoJust perfect.wow. love all those different colors!I like.  But then again I'm partial to sunsets.totally agree with your description.
The sunset on Sat was to die for, and it was of course the time that i was out without my camera. booo.

This is very pretty ali!the colors are so pretty!Wow, this is gorgeous! I love the trees in the front, and of course the colors are just amazing. :)Really beautiful.Such a pretty sky!Very nicesplendidagrandeincredible mood herewhat a wonderful!!!Fantastic compositions!!great set, fantastic processing  experimentsCool image! And the alternate versions! :DNice follow through ;)lovely shot..i like the negetive alternative!Nice set and transition.Nice timing on the capture.  All alternative presentations are effective.  You must have played a little round ball yourself to understand the importance of the follow through.
MorrisSo coooool........!!!!
----------------
&#9554;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9571;&#9568;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9557;
This Masterpiece deserved to appear in :

 &#9568;Art Libre-Free Art-Arte Libre-Freie Kunst-invited pix only&#9571; .

tag with : &quot;ArtLibre&quot; and consider joining us :o)

&quot;Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.&quot;

[Piet Mondrian ] Dutch painter
&#9560;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9571;&#9568;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9552;&#9563;
invited with SICI (2009-11-28)GREAT WORK! WE WANT YOU IN

*MOSCA*

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hoop dreams......perfect work 
great result! 

:-)I love your words...so true !!!!!!!!
Great shot...and wonderful variatons !Perfect timing on the capture, nice variations!Sweet!!!!!!Lindisima serie!Love the effect here.  Very nice composition, the attitude of the hands and wrists are marvelous.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I think the origanl is great !!!! I think you could sell it ...
Excellent timing..That is completely true!  Excellent :)awesome silouhette !!!
i love basketball !!!Cooool work AnnieYour amazing Annie.. on so many levelsInteresting concept! Great result!Wow! All the versions are excellent! Love the process of your processing... always inspires me to look for the different instead of the same.
Please add your wonderful image
Black&amp;White Lovers(Post 2+Comment5)&quot;Nice!!
Love the title~!~Cool!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing !!!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nothin' but net!!!
nice shot Annie!!!Very very nice!!!Omg! Amazing!You do have your little ways with processing, Annie!! Kewl!!!!!fantastic creation - liked itGreat image. Very dramatic.Oh MAN!! You are ROCKIN' IT!!! Basketball!!! Boy!! BOY OH BOY!! LOVE your take on this one!!!cool capture &amp; post processing !You're very skilled at artwork. I could view your pictures all day!great    inspiration
--

Wonderful GEM



I invite you to add this Sublime 10+ faves picture 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very well processed and great original. i like very much how you captured him in this moment of highest concentration.cool work and abstractionNice series of the evolition of an image.Well done, beautifulCool. Congrat.Amazing work !!!Wonderful processing, amazing illustrations !!Great postprocessing, my friend!way, way cool b.....Very nice (and drastic) treatment!Many Thanks !!Wow!  I particularly like that you show us the original here.  The worked piece offers so much more of an interpretation of this action - like a dance.  Great!This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! nice work. i think i like the 3rd  incantation the best. compelling workHi, I'm an admin for a group called Through Your Eyes To Ours, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art  for the Art  (Admin-invited only) 15+ faves, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love that I can say &quot;I knew you when..&quot;  This is fabulous GF!!!

You are invited to add your superb image and join us as a member . Do not forget to make comments and read the rules, please.



Art for the ArtHi, I'm an admin for a group called Richard's Quality B &amp; W and Sepia ( Admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

You are also invited to join us as a member.
Vous êtes aussi bien invités à nous rejoindre comme membre.
Usted está invitado tambien a unirse a nosotros como miembro.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THIRD LIFE  (Invited  only) Post 1 give life to 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

You are receiving a special invitation from the Third Life Moderator's board because your image is special to us.  You are invited to add your image and join us . Please do not forget to give awards to other images, and please read the rules.


Third Life group (invited only)
Give life to 2 other images by by posting Awards on them !cool...another uniquely you photo treatment....TAT VAM ASI...thou art that.....you are the 'SELF&quot;....i like it!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Geniale progression
Free shooting artHi, I'm an admin for a group called simly  b&amp;w art ., and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FLICKR LIBERO / INTERNATIONAL  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing transformation!!! How do you do this? :)beautiful. good work.I wish it was raining here too.....perfect weather for shooting :))aren't we all - beautiful btw : ))Marvelous buzz.wonderful capture! wonderful technique!Wish I could send some rain over - Oh, &amp; you can have the sleet &amp; snow for nothing!so beautiful....wishing you some rainSo cool.Like it very much.
You still have no rain?You need it now and hope you get it very soon!!wonderful !!!!  love it !wonderful catch of atmoshere as usual, Janine!
wish you lots of rain!;-)here your dream can come true ... I hope you get some showers over there ;) We have had enough of them ...very nice! Love the atmosphere!wonderful image!!I will send you some rain...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

genial!Fabulous image!!!!really nice colors and lightpoetic vibrant beautyGood one, full of atmosphere.Impresionantes imágenes.

Los reflejos, la luz y el color, maravillosos.

Una abrazo.wonderful Tony; that sunset is amazinges una maravilla!!!Beautiful and beautifully captured.Uma série bonita de tiros (from an online portuguese translator). :-)
An amazingly beautiful village. Agree with Bart, the sunset view is out of this world.great image!Beautiful series. The 2nd image is fabulous. Great composition, colour and exposure.  I love the reflection in the 3rd one.Fantástica serie))Pues le has dado un tratamiento de lujo, parece que se puede tocar con ese detalle. Un lugar envidiable Toni.

Salu2Preciosas las 3Precious indeed, wonderful place and well captured.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Favorites of My Favorites (Invited Photos Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks TonY!Great, all of them !Beautiful...Great shot !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

a superb reportage Toni!! lovely colors!!A very beautiFuL place@

:))Una gran serie Tony! Me gusta mucho el encuadre que has efectuado de la foto, tomando como primer plano a los tejados y plameras del lugar. Emerge limpia la torre barroca con un
gran manejo de colores y textura. Una obea maestra que me la quedo. Enhorabuena amigo...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Super Jobs ~ @ ~ Expo Center, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

spectacularHi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.
I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TRAVEL PILGRIMS ~ Admin INVITATION ONLY Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Once again a great photo! 
Good week my friend  
With my friendship




--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beyond the words...
Have a nice week dear friend :)Três belíssimos registros!

Saudade de Paraty. THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.
I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.Lindas Tony
AbsA beautifully capture image Tony!
TFS~!~beautifulMuy buena luz y texturas...
me gusta el procesado...
SaludosAmazing picture, Tony!!!!Cool shot again Tony.Te invito a
subir esta bella foto a
CATEDRALES,
IGLESIAS Y SANTUARIOS
I invite you to post this
beautiful photo in:
CATEDRALES,IGLESIAS Y SANTUARIOS

www.flickr.com/groups/1307579@N23/Preciosa serie Tony... La luz, los colores y el encuadre son magistrales!! :O)realy niceincredible series my friend. Love the sharpness and colors.Great shot my frind!Beautiful series, I love the architecture shot with reflection. Well done TonyQue maravilha Paraty pelas suas lentes!!!


I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.some great images here!!!You know those displays with post cards that you see in sourvenier stores? Those photos could easily be part of the display. They all look like postcards. I can see why you love this place. Beautiful!!!!great composition and wonderful processing.  sounds like a heavenly place.Excellent exterior details...Suas fotos têm uma personalidade especial. Bela imagem.Beautiful series!very beautiful composition and colors, excellent work my friendA lovely place, I hope to go there one day and would be nice to have a drink together

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Excellent composition Tony !

I saw this in the 10+ Faves group and Faved it.Wonderful old architecture Tony! Very nice image!... and another wonderful composition, Tony. That place is definitely worth the visit. A very beautiful place.Wonderful Tony!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called It's Not About You (P1/C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Paraty! Inconfundible!
Siguiendo los consejos de tu blog, decidimos conocerlo pasando la Nochevieja de este año :-)So beautiful! No wonder you love the place!
And you're capable of capturing and communicating the beauty with your camera, too.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!
I saw this in the 25+ Faves group and Faved it.Awarded !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop35 and I faved it !!!



I saw this in the FavTop35 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2POST ONE 25 faves to 49 faves picture - COMMENT and FAVE TWO
group pictures using the following comment/link:


I saw this in the 25+ Faves group and Faved it.

Preview:


superb shot my friendWunderschöne Aufnahmen.



I saw this in the 25+ Faves group and Faved it.Gorgeous!

Awarded !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop35 and I faved it !!!



I saw this in the FavTop35 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2Magnífica vista colonial....!!


Nos gustaría que formaras parte de nuestro grupo
con tus bellas fotos:


&quot;Ole tus fotos&quot;Awarded !! this is Sublime
I saw this in FavTop35 and I faved it !!!



I saw this in the FavTop35 Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 2i like thisHi, I'm an admin for a group called ~New Envy of Flickr!~ Invited Only - 1 post - 2 comment, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Fabulous!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ★Favorite Pictures★(P.1♥A.5) [INVITED ONLY], and we'd love to have this added to the group!gorgeous macro!Interesting crop and wonderful colors!!super macro.
Congratulations my friend.too good!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Dôme épais le jasmin, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great picture, love it !!Outstanding!..Love the colors!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )an unique way of presenting this colourful macro...lovely!Excellent work@

:))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called COLOUR PRIORITY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent use of the d.o.f.....it's so mysterious and colorful !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Divine Geometry, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice colors.awesome image my friend!!!!!!!Absolutely wonderful !!! what a fabulous capture Duncan..dreamy INVITATION 
  
Postez cette photo dans Vos plus belles photos (Nature only) ! s'il vous plait et rejoignez-nous/Please join us!
Ajoutez le tag VosPlusBellesPhotos! 




superb workBeautiful as always, you are an artist and a half!An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;Wonderful photo !
----------------

PLEASE POST THIS PHOTO

EXCELLENTS FLOWERS (Invitation Only) 
Post 1 Comment 3 / Agrega 1 comenta 3
TAG your photo &quot; ExcellentsFlowers &quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/excellentsflowers/
invited with SICI (2008-07-16)fantastic DOFbeautiful composition!!!!!!!!Great shotFabulous image.wonderful colors!Excellent work!really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!Great macro shot!Very Beautiful !so beautiful!!Luverly !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Top Squares, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very cute! Love the dof!yes~I do love this...Super nice with the texture!!!

KevinI love this.. what kind of texture is this?Lovely! Such a sweet sentiment!Great title.for compositionI hear this!!!!! Lovely!!!Love your quote ... fabulous image, love texture and pretty color!Yup, that's how it goes. Very nice image. =)Love it, Sarah....great quote...love, love, love this!!!!Very beautiful worklove this- love the words...............*** Adorable et Jolie ***

DomiGreat shot, a whole lot of heart. :)LOVE it...

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…love the color..what a great festive heart photo!  It's just soo happy!so cute.. nice processing..Nice colored composition.lovely.. coolvery cute!  =)Lovely composition!beautiful treatmentPerfect for the season…

Happy Valentines DayPretty shot and great idea.Lovely shot and fantastic title :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Love the paper-thin slice of DoF, rough-hewn edge textures and warm light! :)Wonderful!
I love Valentine's Day!
Nice textures too....very cool; very creative; outstanding treatment, methinks  :o)Beautiful shot! Great treatment and title.nice!I just love all of this!  :)hi sweetie...
lovely........love ur art, very well done my dear friend,
thanks for add, take care =)nice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)thanx so much everyone :)This is really cool. I've never seen such framing and texture used on a photo with such shallow DoF. Great work!Awww so sweet happy VD











wow... super Photos... great Shotwow !!!, this is just great shotExcelente sequência. Tenha uma ótima semana e obrigado pela visita!nice series, the water looks great come on in.,che voglia di mare e spiaggiaFantastca fotos!Unas tomas interesantes con una luz muy lograda con un buen picado, el agua esta realmente bonita...un abrazo.This is a terrific image... wonderful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very interesting series - excellent job!Che bella vita !!
Che bella serie di fotografie !!woow !!! seems a great place Nora
wonderful shot !!!bellissima serie Nora, l'acqua ha un colore spettacolare! Brava!That looks like fun! Wonderful series, love the fresh looking water. 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Traveller's. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.serie favolosa Nora!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! che voglia di estate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! un salutone!!!Curioso questo &quot;pond skater&quot; umano :-))Nice .. that looks Awesome !!sembrano le chiare acque del Pò qui vicino...bellissima serie!!!!!You are invited to add this image to!!!:
!!!Esta foto es invitada al grupo!!!;

*NATURE &amp; STYLE*
Post 1 Comment 4: 
( SWEEPER NOT COMMENTING = BAN)Hermosas capturas! un increíble mar y su tonalidad preciosa.. :)

Saludos,un abrazo NoraEspectacular!
Se ve hermoso el fondo marino.
Buena semana Nora, un abrazo.Excellent serie and very deep of light!!!nice.Grandiosa tutta la serie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Caaspitaaaaa!! Tutte bellissime! Buona serataSembra quasi sospeso in aria! Bellissima, complimenti!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wow amazing nora i want to be thereUnas tomas excelentes. Fantásticas las transparencias y el color.
Saludos.caspita...mi hai fatto venire una voglia..A Gorgeous Series...Che colori!!Beautiful work, lovely shot!!!!Come antidoto al gelo e alla nebbia di questi giorni  (forse non da te, ma ma noi sì !...) ci proponi queste foto da Mar dei Caraibi !
Grazie, carissima . 
Che acqua !!!!.......Nora mi querida amiga italiana....que contenta estoy de conocerte, cuando vengas a Bilbo si estoy aqui, te llevare a ese restaurante para que veas las vistas y comeremos alli....te parece ?.
 Las notas que me pones, todo lo que me comentas, me encanta....
gracias amiga,,,,esossssssssssssssssssQue preciosidad de fotos Nora, me gustan todas que color, me dan aire de libertad....es tan importante....besossssssssssssUna sèrie de fotos,genials la transparència del aigua, el si dona un toc especial

Please join us in:
 
  Super best shots on flickr** 
Show me the best of you!!fantastic series of photosExcellente &quot;scène&quot;.... : J'adore.
Bravo pour toute la série qui nous donne l'impression que la personne va traverser la mer.....  : c'est du très bon &quot;travail&quot;.punto di ripresa splendido....meraviglioso. complimentiTERRIFIC, just it!!!

...Wow!!
Che bella ripresa e che mare...Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ₪ Zen`sational World ₪ (Add 1 ~ Award 2). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.COOL SHOT!!! : seen in :

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui Wonderful series!  Wow I would like to be doing that!If there is a paradise, this must be it. This must be it.₪ I love your ZEN`SATIONAL photograph! ₪

Seen in the group:  ₪ Zen`sational World ₪
(Post 1 - Award 2 pics  on the first 2 pages)

VERY COOL!  :-)da quale finestra di casa tua si vede questo meraviglioso angolo di mare?
per quanto riguarda le ...femmine scatenate e la dedica, volevo riferirmi alle donne prendendo spunto dalle evoluzioni della femmina di germano, siete tra i migliori contatti femminili di flickr, per simpatia e commenti, rimarrete sempre tra i miei ricordi.Mamma che invidia che m'hai fatto venire! 
Perchè hai postato queste foto con questo mare smeraldino?
E quello li che se la spassa?
Bergeggi l'avevo già intravista, sembra un paradiso da sub!Vista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)

……………………………………………………………………………………………………………..belle trasparenze bello scatto.Vista en: 
Seen in: 
Aguamaniacos-Watermaniacs (post 1, comment 5)
Fantastica sequenza!colori splendidi e splendida sensazione di libertà!:)...ma ha un nome questo &quot;andare sulla tavola in piedi con il remo&quot;?!A man and the big wide sea. The blue/green is so intense ... by the contrasting white ...  it looks even more intense! Fantastic Nora !!!!!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ART WITHOUT END ... - invited images only - P1 C1 -. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Wow, what amazing colors! 
You are invited to add this photo to:

 Amazing Colors [Invited photos ONLY] (Award/Comment on 1)
Please tag with: &quot;AmazingColors&quot;Wonderful series. Brilliant photography!

Thank you for your comment.i like itme too. nice composition.loved the perspective and dofVery nice shot.beautiful shotAmazing!absolutely brilliantSplendid photo !Love it!Amazing shot!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Very well done on the dept of field.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Never been explored, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Well done!
Brilliant concept and excellent execution!
Congrats on a great image,
mikaku

&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

cool shot, love the DoF and comp.Nice handle :-)Yeah. That.Smashing shot.beautiful picture, i like this


greeting peter

You fucking rock.Hee hee, I'm Ms. H too. :) And I'm sure you are totally the cool sub. I would want you to be my sub! :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Don't you mean, Mrs.?

and Joey's gonna be mad when he finds out his band isn't really uber-famous because you wrote (ha) after uber-famous...

;)Love the hair treatment ... you rock :-) hahaha

dang, you did a great job with making yourself look so different...next to yourself!haha, you can tell there's a rocker behind ms. h's sweet smile. :)BHAHAHAHAH! oooo I forgot about this theme too! It's perfect!!! hehehehtouring is amazing.  but you do get sick of it.  when i was on the road, toward the end of the tour, everyone would be so much on each others nerves, we couldnt wait to get off the tour bus... and then like 3 days later, everyone was wondering when we'd be back on the road. addicting, super fun, super stressful, all in one ball.I love both halves of you.  But I must say, your purple hair is the coolest shit I've ever seen.  I wish I worked in a profession where I could get away with that color.  I love how you part it different ways to show the brown or show the purple too.  Sneaky, you.so what your saying is you treat substituting more like babysitting?I love dressing down too :)  I like both versions :)You're both cool!either way you get to wear your chucks!  yeah girl! =)Awesome awesome cloning! :)Rock on!if you were my sub teacher I'd want to be your &quot;pet&quot;!The purple hair is so awesome.fantastico!  i always love the rock star teacher!YEEEEESSSSS. 

This rocks in so many ways.

And you kick ass no matter WHAT you do.You're the best kind of teacher there is. :)outstanding!one  very special moment captured.  this is lovely!!!This is a wonderful love image!
Perfect for The King Group °exclusive°.
Please take a few moments to ADD IT in the new &quot;LOVE MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND&quot; contest!perfect!An excellent image...great shot for the family archivesgood one~ stay connectedamazing shot.beautiful shot. tones and saturation are on point.this is absolutely NICEooooooooooooooo! awesome color!
nice photo =Dgreat saturation, love it.I'll do three of yours as people seem to be skipping you. :)

I love her make up around her eyes, it really makes the image stand out to me and enhances her eyes. And I like the ideam it's a great idea, it adds alot of colour and makes you want to look at it closer.

----Congratulations!!!-----

You've Won a Bronze Medal at

-----Foto Competition------


Please tag your photo with FotoCompetitionBronze. 
You may now post this photo in a Silver medal competition.cool! love this! :)
Please post your winning image to the Challenge Group Game 
and tag your photo &quot;CHALLENGEGAMEWINNER.&quot;

You have up to 60 minutes to open a new challenge using the same number as the challenge that you have won. After that time we will open one for you.Very creative!I like all the catchy colors.Lovely shot of an attractive model. The ribbon over the face does add originality but detracts rather from her beauty.
&quot; COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS &quot;How nice [:Nice shotbeautiful eyes. i like this portrait a lot overall :)Hi, you didn't comment on my photo on the COMMENTSCOMMENTSCOMMENTS group, please do so [http://www.flickr.com/photos/samuelgarciacuellar/4332675566/in/pool-commentscommentscomments]nice... did you make the pupils bigger ?lovely!1st 1st 1st


love it
Niice one from U
keep moviing forward
amazing...&lt;333
akeed FAV+

Coment Me ** plzјяσ7 ảl8alb ♥
tanks ^_^تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
comment merashod Q6R→ يسألۈني ليہ أحبڪ 

eslamoooni!ceررررروعهo0o{ Bn.sL6aN}o0o's 

تسلم يالغالي.¸¸.•●»{.ƒ.♪▓


ثانكسn!c3 ~
                p!c ~




              Rw3aa ~
             CoMenT Me ~niiiiiiiiiceمشاء الله الصورة حدها فن

تسلم لي الايادي ننتظر جديدكŵţéя‏_‏ãł7o

تسلم يدكςяαżч Ł๏νέ →ماعاد لي حبيب'

ثانكس خيوووღسكورة قطرღ

ثانكيوووو ^_^ Awsome...♥ هـند'

tanksŋ!čê  ṕĭć  
ĆǾḾḿĕň  Ṁệ =)ŚũṗéЯ ŤǾḾỹ ❤

eslamoo

walaThis is some kind of miniature, right?  Nice dof!wow, you really know your words.. :)So brilliant!great composition...I love the photo but I also love the write up. Such a prolific writer! FAVE!perfect words - i agree!!! have a lovely week happy bench monday  xHBM!Beautiful blue!Looks really nice! I like the vibrant blue colours.sweet. HBMI like your viewpoint in the photo, but also in viewing the role of a footstool.Wow!  Great photo and inspirational writing!  Love it!lovely composition
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )lovely shot!very interesting insight and thoughts on your subject, gives much to ponder....excellent 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Thanks guys. HBM to all of you.

@Stefan...its not really a miniature. Its just a short footstool. =)Beautiful photo and meditation, Michael!nice colors, lines and composition
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )love the blue color here! nice shotexcelente enfoque y color
saludosnice compo...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Love the composition and the &quot;blues&quot;fantastic words to compliment the imageSeen In:

Monday BluesGreat composition!!!



Thanks for posting this Artistic ShotBeautiful blues, and great focus and compo.Beautiful, it looks tiny :)lovely focus, stunning.love the light
love the focus
love the colors

and you did a complete philosophy on a footstool
what do i say? on life
or maybe i can better say: | on being |

(and i love that too :-)

--
Seen in Artistic Shot (?)love the simplicitybeautiful compositionlove the word ^^

excellent shot ..'Creative' Work! Michael. Brilliant Composition! Excellent!I used to sit on that kind of stool when I was little. Great shot !nice blue !Oh this is great, from this shot this office environment seems really nice and relaxing (I hope it is in reality, too ^^). As usually, you sure know how to handle your DOF. You've come a long way, already on the 38th day. But still so much to go ^^agree. the footstool is my bestfriend since I stand only 5'3''. haha :) love the light. love the description :)I love reading your messages Josh. They make sense and I really feel that they are genuine thoughts from the heart. Plus we have an accompanying photograph to highlight the message even more. Awesomeness :)this is great! love sitting on these!wonderful.i like the color... haha you still remember my green wallvery good, great light, focus and colorsnice color on this one..
wow I never thought a
footstool was that awesomeBeautiful shot - great composition, tones and focus. 
The footstool Blues :)I like very much!
Great pic!!be patient, maybe i will clim the chair ;-)cool shot!so simple so beautifulkiller focus and beautiful dominant blues.I love how simple and yet beautiful this photo is!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Nice tones Michael.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)i love the color patterns in the back!fantastic focus!ganda nito dre... well done... nag 365 ka pala. hehehe great, next itme gawa ako ng 365 sa ngayon 52 weeks lang muna.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excellent shot! Great colors!Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. This photo is an excellent result of a wonderful habit.Nice one!

Seen on FluidrThis is so perfectly, simply beautiful1Lovely capture !Very nice, and so well presented!beautifulReally cool shot!! Great composition!

seen in my contact's photosThis so beautifulnice :)

You're invited to post your photo in our group

Show us your best

--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)wooow

really nice shot

i love it, very well done

congratulations for the EXPLORE!!!!the color and composition is simply great. . . me istorya!So love the simplicity of this.  Brilliant!!!!simple and artistic!
the blue is magic~!

perfect for the groupnice shot friendNice perspective!So beautiful and artistic. Love the simplicity...and the mood created here.  Very beautiful and touching words as well. You're such an amazing writer. Love your stream. 

Thank you so much for visiting mine and your wonderful words on my latest posting. It means so much! Really appreciate it! 
nicely taken, love the bluefantastic cololur
and great compoThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThis photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthChelo es preciosa felicidades

saludos

 Ohhh que bella foto!!! Oh, beautiful picture!!!
&quot;La he visto en Paisajes, flora y fauna del mundo.
I`ve seen it on landscapes, flora and fauna of the world.&quot;


&quot;Sube 5 – Comenta 2 / Post 5 - Comment 2&quot;Me gusta tu imagenNice/////bonita
This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthsuperbeAgraderiache incorporaras esta foto ó grupo de Arquitectura tradicional galega: 
www.flickr.com/groups/arquitecturatradicionalgalega/Tienen mucho encanto los parajes donde se ubican los molinosMe parece un rincón encantador, bien plasmado, y bien explicado.
Saludos.Preciosa Chelo, me encanta el color verde &quot;Galicia&quot; que desprende la foto. ¿es en Verdes?. El color y la  composición es excelente.Bellísima captura, felicitaciones!...y yo te pregunto :
¿ dónde es el sitio ?...lo digo por que no se si es verdes u otro sitio...
A mi también me gustan este tipo de sitios para afotar...ya me contarás.Sin duda una preciosidad, lugares magnificos como dices para darse un buen paseo y disfrutar de la naturaleza. Bella foto Chelo, saludetes!Corsario y Marisela ,efectivamente es en Verdes( Coristanco-Coruña ) .Nunca tengo inconveniente en decir de donde son mis fotos ,así que preguntarme.A veces con el texto abajo ya no quiero enrollarme más.GraciasMagnífica combinación de colores. EnhorabuenaMuy chula!
He visto esta hermosa foto en:
I have seen this beautiful picture in the group
&quot;Lo veo, me gusta, me interesa, lo fotografio&quot; 
&quot;KEDADA EN MÁLAGA EN FEBRERO 2010&quot;

Gracias por subir la foto al grupo
Thanks for upload to the group.
www.flickr.com/groups/loveolofotografio/Ya me parecía a mi, aunque dudaba entre verdes o la piscina de los 7 molinos de Guitiriz que es un sitio muy bonito también para perderse, pasear y afotar.Es muy raro que en las rutas de senderismo que hacemos no nos tropecemos con alguno. Muchos está rehabilitados, pero otros está echados a perder.
Una foto preciosa con un color muy cálido en los molinos...Hace años que no me paso por   Verdes....Por aquí hay también mucho molinos, ahora los empiezan a rehabilitar pero algunos ya están hechos polvo.
La foto me gustan, las texturas del molino muy buenas y una composición muy lograda.
SaludosBonita foto, si señor. Es una pena el estado en el que están muchos de ellos, pero teniendo en cuenta que están en un clima tan duro como el que hay en el río, parece normal. 
Buena foto, unos tonos muy agradables.Una toma encantadora de un lugar muy pintoresco que has tomado muy bien por tu parte , no se si se tratara de Terramundi ?¿.... te felicito Chelo...un abrazoFermoso lugar. Apertas...me encanta, preciosa imagen y toma!! 
Un bico guapa.Vista en:
See in:
 naturaleza solamente-agrega 1, comenta 1
Estupenda Chelo, me encanta ese encuadre entre los 2 meandros, feliz tarde.una preciosa foto, tiene unos colores preciosos!!!Preciosa foto, tranmite  paz y calma!!. un saludoAhí lo has dicho, Patrimonio a conservar!Que sitio tan bonito y que bien plasmado.
Esta foto y artista participan del mural

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub parece un cuadro, muy buenas la compo y la luz. SaludosBonito lugar y preciosa foto!!! Me encantan los colores!!!
Saludos.Preciosa foto, muy natural y &quot;enxebre&quot;.
Gracias por seleccionarme como contacto. Yo sólo soy una principiante, pero creo que haces unas fotos preciosas (y poéticas a menudo).
Saludospreciosa Chelo
me encanta como queda el agua, casi suena.
saludosQue mano tienes con los paisajes Chelo, este es precioso, los verdes en contraste con la piedra son fantásticos!!!!!Unos colores preciosos, bonita fotografia. Un saludo Chelo.Que ven o pasamos na quedada de verdes,Chelo. Ainda me recordo por que non asistin a mais co ben que se pasa.Un lugar precioso de esos que deben abundar tanto por el norte y que aquí echamos de menos...
Molinos... pienso en África donde ni siquiera tienen eso y son las mujeres las que cada día con la fuerza de sus brazos muelen los cereales.
Besos.Idílico lugar y una pasada el contraste de colores de las distintas texturas. SaludosUn precioso lugar, estupenda la toma.
SaludosMoi boa toma, nitided e cores.
Saude.So beautifully refreshing!Vaia foto máis bonita Chelo. A miña noraboa e lévoa para as miñas favoritas.

Completamente de acordo contigo: son patrimonio a conservar e hai que facer todo o posible para iso. 

Pero están tan integrados no medio que hoxe son excelentes refuxios de fauna. Moitas especies de morcegos a punto de extinguirse teñen as súas últimas poboacións nestes muíños. Os seus muros de pedra serven para que os paxaros fagan os seus niños, por non falar das miñas queridas lagartixas....

Por iso, cando se restauren, hai que facelo con sentidiño, sen precintar os muros e con cangado de madeira no tellado para que os morcegos poidan seguir entre nós.

Unha aperta.Gracias bocagei ,porque o teu comentario sempre aporta bioloxia e bon conservadurismoMaravillosos trabajo de ese bello lugar, con un resultado excelente. Bsotssss.....:)
pd. cuando vuelvas a Gran Canaria ponte en contacto conmigo, me encanrtaría conocerte y acompañarte a ver ese barranco de Azuaje y muchos más.Vista en / Seen in
 
www:flickr/groups/ PaisajesquemastegustenUna foto estupenda de definición, luz y composición. Un saludoMagnifica Chelo 

Gracias por tu palabras siempre dando animo 

Un saludo++++

This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthMarvelous composition.
Fab green nuances.BEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldThis beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6BEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldThis beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/b&gt;DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in 
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6BEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldBEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldBEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldVery nice shot!

DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in 
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6BEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldBEAUTIFUL IMAGE! was seen in


Visionary Arts Gallery
Post 1/ Award 5
Visionary Arts Gallery

If you receive 8+ Awards: Post your Photo Here
Visionary Arts Gallery Platinum &amp; GoldDEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6This beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in 
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in  
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards  
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6DEFINITELY MY BEST CHOICE!!!!



Seen in 
&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; - Post 1 Award 6 

If you receive 3+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

If you receive 10+ &quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot; awards 
POST HERE 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 6 
--
Seen in the group&quot;&quot;BEST PEOPLE'S CHOICE&quot;POST1/AWARD 6 = ACTIVE SWEEPER!&quot; (?)Beautiful light and tones , very well captured.
Great shot! Seen in the Group

 FOCUS ON FIFEOh my, this is a stunner!

Great shot! Seen in the Group

 FOCUS ON FIFEWell taken, Janet.

Seen in St Andrews &amp; East Neuk of Fife GroupIt is a lovely shot in very nice colours!
(Doesn't the horizon need to be straightened or is that because of the hills? Not meant offensive! You know me, a nitpicker ;-) xx)


--
The Daily Post 
Wonderful view, great colors.Just awesome seascape, Inzievar!  What a sunrise coming up!I will ask someone Emma - thanks for saying, no probs.  I do have a habit of taking squint photos.Beautiful seascape Janet, lovely light and tones :-)it's a beauty.  great light and beautiful soft colourBeautiful bay, love the sun and the water running back down the beachHi Inzi ! Nice shot and I have to agree with eMMa. Straighten her up babe ! Stephen x.Sugar, how do I do that then?  I'm no photoshop expert.  Any volunteers then?  I'm away out with my pals, I hope someone sorts it for me.  xxGo into Picnik and use the tool there to do it, easy peasy!Love the muted colours
Great shot! Seen in the Group

 FOCUS ON FIFE

Thanks for the tip about Picnik Robert; never used it before but I often take squint photos too :-)Great shot! Seen in the Group

 FOCUS ON FIFEAlso have a peek at Picasa.

Free from Google, does all the basics very well with out the need a degree in the more complex stuffnice pictureBig, big thanks to St Andrews-Frank - he straightened me out and I have replaced the old pic with this shiny new one!   My pic is on the level guv!   Thanks to Emma and Stephen for telling me my pic was squint - much appreciated and I'll get you both back some day!  lol lol[http://www.flickr.com/photos/duartmore/] Thank you. I'll check these two out.  I mean the programmes lol
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/romari/]lovely landscapeBeautiful photo, so peaceful...&quot;Thats the girl&quot; . Much better ! And Oh by the way I can't wait. LOL ! Need to send in a Squinty !!!Beautiful pink tones, love the searing bright dot that is the sun.Beautiful! I love the way that the water is almost mirroring what the clouds are doing. :)Jeez, I must need new specs, I didn't see it being squinty! :-)))Absolutely gorgeous!Gorgeous!!!!I always have a problem when seeing the sea is running empty :-) And of course, I could have straightened it for you (I know the drill hehe) but I wasn't paying attention *shame*. It looks much better and it's awesome!Amazing!awesome captureW o n d e r f u l !

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Muy buen trabajo!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Dude! this is nice!Wow, great light!James you really out did yourself on this one!! Beautiful!wow... nice flare :)Spendid .very niceits again a great work of u..........

beautiful capture buddy.....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Environmental Fashion Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

What a wonderful visage!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)  amazing &lt;3niice pic 
=D 
comment me plz&lt;33333333 Pepsiiiiel29'fr 56er ;P
مساء الجوري
الله يحفظ المودلN!i!i!ICefav &lt;3n!!!!!!!!!!!!!ce wallah nofooo

3jeeeeba el 9ora

♥ it wallah

abd3tii 7booo

9ar 5a6ry feeh :P56eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerh

 n!ce 

raw3a 

Comment Me 



n!ce pic

see my flickr Please

www.flickr.com/photos/40564046@N05/4333820910 /

comment + note + fav &gt;&gt; PleaseNiCe



KeeP iT uP



FAV ^^&lt;3pepsi &lt;3NICE pic hunii :)Nice nails mashalla ^^niceعطشان

ابي ببسيmy favorite drink
:)Nice ;*
well dun &amp; nice pic ^.*
&lt;33 that !
Fav~~

comment me plz + Fav &lt;333☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
_-└┐▒▒▒┌______


WøÖøÖøW..~ •º ㋡(｡◕‿◕｡)

ŋiCėė, ρί!C..~ •º㋡

яǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º㋡

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º㋡

keep it foog ..~ •º㋡

comment &amp; note plz ..~ •º㋡nice 

3la 8albii wala3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
malch 7al 7bebtie
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzzNICE PICTURE PLEASE comment me 
www.flickr.com/photos/45801453@N05/4343625466/in/photostr...البيبسي بيخليج دبة طبعا اذا كنتي عيفة


ادري الكرشة شرط اساسي في الخليج بس بعد حافظي عليها


مع تحيات : عطيني كومنت ونكد عليNiceniceeRaw3A &lt;33333niiiiice pic amazingPepsi  &lt;3 

B59o9 el pic nicewaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw n!!!!!!!s p!!!!Cناايس 
على قلبي 
مالج حل 
وربي ابدااع
البيبسي فله 
ربي يحفظج
فيف 
كومنت مي  
+ 
نوت 
بليزشالصوور الخشنة نوفوو =P
مااااله حل الظفر 
&lt;3333

كيب ات اب جاان ;)☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
_-└┐▒▒▒┌______

Raw3aaaah *.
niCCCe piiiiic walla


CoMmEnT mE:صًرت احب الببسي بسبتك :$ 

روعه :$ 

 *_^n!ce


&lt;333 it

comment me῟ JOJO Bint.A ♥

u el amazing wallah

thanxx =DReD RoSe&quot; :D

U el nice 

thanx h3{ .. МlsoonαlαŦion ♥♥

h3 h3 h3 

thanxx 7bo**الجوري**→algharafa ♥

o y7f'9ich

thanxx7м‏‏๑๑D→ الـڪـواري BB.2139da69

enta el nice

thanxx3βỏỎỏЯά

thanxx h3мαчoŏoм.♪

entii el nice 8lboo

oyaa 3leech ;p

thanxx h3Đสß8šҢιŚнσ ‹Ʒ

mo a56r mnch h3

thanxx3мόσя q6я → ڷآۈصيڪـ عڷـﮯ حبي

enta el nice 

o enta el arwa3

thanxx h3※☠ мя.вянoooм ☠※ → ^-^

U el nice

thanxx =Dறя.ح₥ỖổỜĐ φ∂я→(w)

3yoonik el nice

thanxxαηfαš αℓ3όόÐ

thanxx Sis ;pSAJA ® ♥

=D =D
 

thanxx  ;pSm!lY G!rL~

U el nice hunii ;p

thanxxkishoo ( 25 - 26 Feb ) عيدي ياكويت

h3 h3

thanx♥ ςђ๏Ø¢нōŎ™ ✿

thanxx  h3Ali Al-Hajji

t3al b36eek ;p 

thanxxALMTHAIL&lt;&lt;&lt;ILoVe yOu KuWaIt

h3 h3 h3

thanxx =DKhulood ♥

3yoonich el nice

thanxx =D¬[ MånǾǒl [ Z ]

thanxx =Dƒ Ẳ Ď Ẳ Ť₦ Ϋ. Ш ǻ Ĺ ǻ

=D =D 

thanxx5aynat elwa3ad

h3 h3 

thanxxx 7bibty ;p♥● $wèèTℓêmØn●♥ ..NoØoĝa..


thanxx =Dبو ابراهيم

enshallah ;p 

thanxx© вσнαdi → ♥

3yoonik el nice 

thanxx`CHARMED♥ ; To UAE =&quot;)

3yoonich el nice

thanxx =DMÂ3ÑDk Â7šäŠ♥ احلى غراام'

enti el arwa3

thanx ;pAL-jo0ory-

U el nice

thanxx =DAlŏσa

thanxx h3❥ஐw3oodyஐ❥» Ќ.ṧ.A «

thanxxx ;pحمودي1005

o y7f'9ik

thanxx =DMind Freak→ =)

hhhhh

thanxx 7boo ;pÐĒVÍĿ→→ أحبـــــــــج &gt;Ę&lt;,..

thanxxx  ;pxblackox

e7m e7m ;p

enta el arwa3

thanxx h3ḿŝ.đℓғғέŕέήţ.

3yoonich el nice

thanxx h3raw3aaa
Ra7at ayamah albebsy kkknicenice pic

comment me plllllz

nICE SHO0T 


Keep it up =D

ååh. jag gillar enkelheten och texturen är fab. vädligt fina fåglar, du börjar få in snitsen :DSnyyyyggt! Och väldigt smart tänkt! Schyssta färger och grym textur. Du är duktig du Ankan!

P.s Du hade kunnat vara en anka också :)jag tar tillbaks mitt &quot;börjar&quot;, du har snitsen inne!Du anar inte.. ända sedan du skrev på twitter att du vek pappersfåglar har jag haft en fotoidé i mitt huvud. En liknande den här. Helt insane !!!! :D

Jag tänker absolut genomföra min ändå. Även om jag kommer ha din bild som konkurrent nu.. För fy TUSAN så bra den är. Åh, Annika. Du har utvecklats så sjukt snabbt på så kort tid. Du har fått en helt ny stil, även om det fortfarande är DU liksom. Jag avgudar den här. Så lugn och harmonisk. Perfa.. ! 

:)Tack tjejer! 

Bells: Jag har haft den här idén på g i två-tre veckor så att du drog djur-lappen ur den där hatten var bara så perfekt, annars hade jag bara dragit ut på det. Har massa fler pappersfåglar-idéer också :) Blir spännande att se vad du hittar på..wow this is beautiful.wow. Jag blir helt mållös. Du är så fantastiskt vacker!såååå jävla fin!Wow! Så fint!What a lovely Crane Wife.stunning work i love ittt dfafavcethose birds are awesome! beautiful.Amazing shot - very artistic.Great song. Love the colours.Wow really beautiful shot .!!:)
loved it :)Wow !! Brilliant potrait friend !
Excellent composition, exposure and a very pleasent tone !
HAVE A GREAT WEEK MY FRIEND !!Amazing light.
I love the symetricness in this.i love the light. and the birds!Inspired shot!bellissima!!!!! compliments!so so beautiful!! the texture, the tones, everything is so awesome.

Seen on Fluidrthis shot is amazing. I love the tones, awesome!

Seen on Fluidrwonderfully beautiful work!
I really love the expression and the greaaaaat compo dear friend!Du är bäst :)This is remarkable - and a photo everyone should see! I think this calls on the feelings and the story is visible but not obvoius. A photograph to remember and to be hung up with! Congrats on Explore - deserved!!


www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Thank you everyone!! I'm so thankful for all your kind words and appreciation. LOVE!amazing!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I love this so much.
Your photostream is pretty immense.
Gives me so much motivation to try new things.That's really stunning!
I love your texture work :]

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow wow wowDelightful !!Great composition..I really love your expression!Sweet! I love cranes and this is a lovely SP.This is beautiful!Beautiful image!!!!!Well done 
Awesome sweety 
Keep it goin


Comment meBeautiful!everything about this is absolutely lovelyA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?excellent vintage effect!Woww! excellent photo (:Wonderful!Beautiful photo!What a beautiful picture!Love it!Nice shot!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveninglove this so muchvilken skön balans i ljus, färger och komposition, snyggt! :-)beautifulThis is so pretty - I'm totally in love with the tones!Exploore !!
&lt;3333Great, wonderful treatment!

Seen on FluidrFantastic shot!This is stunning.Five star :) 

very nice portrait!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]bella foto molto oniricashit va bra, superfint!so amaaazing,
explore # 1 !!fClasse! L'imageamazingly done

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]I love itI love this. So gorgeous.I luv an4maksbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]This photo it's amazing!
I love origami!!Fantastica imagen,los colores bellisimos,tu galeria es una maravilla ^x^ saludosthis is so beautiful!loved itgreat photo
awesome idea with the group!Really beutiful, really simple, magic ☺wow this is amazing!!awesome!Beautiful! Love the light!Så fine farger! :)yep thats great workHi, I'm an admin for a group called Only A Fading Conception, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful &lt;3Hi.. why don't you send your pics to www.lookme.us to post in the site... you can send it to lookmeus@lookme.uslike her neck (:This is so pretty!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful conceptawesome and i love that song too. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )
* Setup:


great !watrerproof...... Thanks for sharing!!!This picture is really beautiful, thank you as well as to the explanation, my dear friendوااااااااااااو
دعائية رائعة جدا...
تحياتيgreat walla 
abd3t ya faisal

y36eek el3afia (y)لي باااااك .. ^_^superb shot faisal..TFS the setup informations
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )السر الغريب ، انك كيف تخلي الشي يتنفس تحت المآء :D

&lt;~ قصدهآ الفقآعآت يعني ضضض

في حركة تسويهآ ، ولآ هي تصير هيك حول الأشيآءآت في المآء :P

مبدع والله واللون الأورنج فنآن فن مآشآء الله عليك ،^^

م ب د ع

 مآشآء الله .. 

إلتقاط رائع ..   

rhaaaba mashallah .. ****                awesome and professional work as usual (Y)wow !وااااااااااو
وااااااااااااااااااو
وااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااو
:)
ماشاللهawesome work! thanks for showing the set up too. gonna have to try this!Great shot!great shot! great collection of pix!wow ! *mshallah*Great, love the bubbles 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)fnan ya fai9al !!Excellent work, nice clarityخطيره 
بس خربت الساعه الله يهديك &lt; :P

مبدع فيصل:

السكوت ابلغ ما دام الحكي قصر
-_-


تسلم ايدك و فنك ..fkrh ro3h bs krrtha kther ;dAmazing shot !نايسNooooooooo. ah ok  waterproof  and solid same as ur shot nice setup and settings , have a great dayCool shot!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)amaziiiiiing!!! well done Faisal =)Beautiful shot. Just had to Fave it.perfect shot :Dتصدق وانا اشووف الصوره قاعده اقول بسئله شلون صورها

عندي فكره وابي اصوره زي كذا بس ابي البابلزز

الصوره والله حلوه وصااافيه مشالله عليك

يعطيك الف عافيهvery wellmashallah raw3aa el9ora w da3aya 7elwa

good luck brother :)AMAZING!! luved the BG color &lt;3!عـــمل جداً جداً رائع
تجميــــد خطير وإضاءة حلوة
دعائية وبقوووة ،، لك كل التوفيق
مساء الخير اخوي فيصل

وتستمر حكاية الابداع =)
ماشاءالله نفس فكرة الـ جليت , بس هاذي طالعة فرش اكثر
اللون البرتقالي معطيها حياة أكثر , تحس في حركة في الصورة
الببلز معطين جو للصورة , ومظبوطين 100%

حبيتها ككل , وانا فكرت اسوي مثل هاذي الافكار
بس لما يتوفر عندي حوض الماء راح اجربها انشاءالله

بالتوفيق اخوي , وعقبال الرقم 1 في الاكسبلور
تعودنا نشوفك على القمة , بالتوفيقGreat shoot! The colors and composition are just awesome! Thanks to shoot us the how you did this shoot!Good Job.

Excellent Details.wow, great work!

مساء الخير اخوي فيصل..

الصراحة تعجز كلماتي عن وصف صورك وكل صورة تثبت انك تتقدم للأفضل.. اهنيك بصراحة على ابداعاتك المتزايدة..
وافكارك الخلابة..

دمت بود اخوي فيصل..
لك كل احترامي

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )يا وليه .. ياشيخ 

تبارك الرحمن عليك .. يالغالي

والله ابدااع 

نكهة صورك غير وغير وغير

الله يوفقك ... 

هات راسك .. ياحبيّ  

^_^مفضلة على طول ,,Nice oneرائعة جدا ..
اللون والاضاءة.. واقتناص بتكوين جميل .. 
أحسنت ^^ ..Really fantastic work!ماشاء الله 

غاية الابداع والاتقان 

دمت موفقا.. مبدع ومميز ..

.. جميل بذوقك .. وحسن اختيارك ..

أهنئك اخوي فيصل على هالإبداع ..WOW !!! This is Fabulous !!! Loved the colors! Thanks for sharing the set up !okkkay!! thats a way to get a new watch!
hey this is awesome!ما شاء الله تبارك الله
خيال صدق خيال
ما شاء الله تبارك الله
تسلم هالايادي يا رب
اكيد على طول على المفضله

والصراحه اهنيك على الـ setup
راح تفيدنا كثيرا بالتوفيق يا رب
^_^
سلامي 

خوش صوره واللهEPIC!
MaSTeRPieCe!!always  creative faisal ,, 

love it :))Good job. I like that.عمل جميل 
وأختيار موفق للخلفيه 
يسلموا الأيادي 3jeebah stunning work!Awesome!simply awesomeوااااااااااااااو 
يسلم فنك ياشيخ
ماشاءالله لاإله إلا اللهWater Proof?....great shot, creative and well executedFabulous work Faisal  ..,


يآخطير يافيصل ^^
تجنن 
حتى انا ابي اعرف شلون تطلع الفقاعات
احس لو بصور زيك بخربط الدنيا خخخخ
ماشاء الله عليك فنآن
ولون الخلفيه مره حلو
وكل ابو شي في الصوره حلو
تسلم يدينك ^.*
Great shot, amazing!fabulousFantastic work! Perfect sharpness!nice work
my flickr beatiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!وااااو
وقسسسم انها ابطل صوره شفتهآ اليومماشاء الله تبارك الله !
فنـك يبهرني دايماً ، الله يحفظك (f) ,so cool! I hope it was submergible :-)
thanks for you comment earlier on mate!very nice...divers' watch it is indeed.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?),

اللهمّ بآارك , 

عمل مميز جدآااا ,

واللون الأورنج أعطى نكهه خآاصه , 

أبدعت يآ أ. فيصل ,يآآآي 
صورك تحمس الواحد يجتهد في تعلمه بالتصوير ماشاء الله عليك 
صورة جداً رائعة 
موفقماشاءالله 
آبدعــــت آخوي فيصل
جميله جدا 
تصلح دعآيه ^^
عوآآفيالســـلام عليـكم ورحمـة الله وبركـاته

ماشاءلله عليك اخوي
صوره خيالييييه
صج ابدعت في التقاطتها
اهنيك والله على ابداعكـ
~لآآ يسعدني ان اقول شيئ حقآ انت دآآئمآ تبهرني بأعمالك الخياليه 
اكثر من مبدع تبارك الرحمنرووووعــة 
مبــدع من قلـب

تصويرك صراحة شي
ماشاء الله 

موفقYou are SUPER!  this shot is super fantastic! Congratulations....thank you for sharing!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)wooow

أنت بطل  مشاء الله 

رهـــيبه بجد عجبتني الخلفيه ^_^ 

FAV+مية المية ما شاء الله
:&quot;)Excellent work.كلمة مبدع قليلة بحقك : )


:


ماشاءالله افكارك رائعة و بنفس الوقت جديدة 

وفلكرك يحمس انو الواحد يشتغل شغلات حلوة : )

واهنيك ع ماتملك من موهبة و ابداع


:


تحياتي =)رائعه كما تعودنا منك يا فيصل :)
برافو بالفعل 

حبيت الألوان والإضاءة .. بس حسيت انه مشوار على ما أجهز المكان المناسب للتصوير :P
واصل بكل إبداع ياغالي :)حرررررررررررررررركه
ولااروعmashallah raw3aaaاحد قالك قبل ان لقطات تجيب للواحد لصياح
وربي تغبني كل مره اجي
استاذ وقسممبدع كالعادة يا فيصل .. 
تبارك الرحمن , :)


كل التوفيق (F)mobd3 mashallah 3lyk
asa3a swatch ??
7de ml8ofa

=)فنان وربي فنان ()بالظبط مثل مشاعل 
كنت بعد ابي اعرف شلون شويتها
توقت شي غير هالمعدات لأن ماعندي حوض الماي هذا
ابدعــــــــت فيها من اصغر الامور لأكبرهاماشاء الله 
إلتقاطه موفقه يا أخ فيصل 
وإضاءه جيده والتوقيت أيضاً كان جيد 
أنتظر عملك التالي 
بكل شوق وشغف ~مجنوووووونه الحركه 

مره مبدع ياااخي هع تعبت وانا اقولها اكثير شي مبدع بعد مااشااء الله

احب خلفيتك الاورنج هذيexcellente!beautiful shot!WOWرائعه من الصميم !!


explorewonderful shot!!!!!!!!!! Fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!great jobbeautiful....:-). thnxs for the tip on how to make a shot like this.Great... :)Amazing shot!
Thank you for the set up toowell planned shot... nice !!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)congrats on explore buddythanks *-*! , nice pictures &lt;3ابداع يافيصل ماشاء الله !!!
نقيـّـــه جداً .~
وحدتها ابداااااااااع .~

كل التوفيق لك دائماً ودوماً .~أستاذ يا فيصل  .. ماشاء الله  !Fantatic  ,,!!superb
orange is so so nice super  !Wow..I learn so much from looking at your setups and photos!!! You are so creative!!! Thanks for sharing my friend! This shot is amazing!!

100%
mashallaمبدع ومتألق
بصراحه انت من افضل مصورين الفلكرReally wonderful colors
and i love the bubbles  :)Faisal 

You are one of the best in all flickr 

keep the amazing work up 

Good luckMashaAllah, wonderful shot. Thanks for sharing the setup info, can't wait to try it.Awesome capture!Beautiful.great shot!Cool shot! Good choice of background color. Really stunning.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Interesting to see a picture of the setup used to take the photo, thanks.Wonderful! Brilliant Photoمميزة كعادة روائعك ...

:)مبروووووووووك الاكسبلور
تستاهل الصورة ..
إبداع وربي ..لا ابداع غير طيعي الوان وفكره وكل شي

منجد انت مبدع ماشاء اللهspectacular capture!ما شاء الله لقطة بديعة والوضوح اروع
تحياتيgreat shot!Astonishing image
Congratulationsما شاء الله عليك 

وش خليت لنا يا فيصل 


الله يوفقك 
^_^cool... you always come up with these great ideas... complimentsA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?absolutely impressive
very nice work! ~Xcllent wOrk~
~cOngrats~Seen in XplOr FP~عمل بططططططططل
أنت شخص مبدع بشكل

روووووووعه
التجميد .. الإضاءة .. اللون

فيف
ربي يحفظك
وديnice effect! 

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningماشا الله قمة بالرووعه (f)Flawless!!!!!!!!!!!!!Magic! 

Seen on FluidrEstupendo trabajo. muy interesante 

Saludos.
RikyCool!!ابدآآآآع ماشاء الله =)
ربي يزيدك *_*Thanks for sharing technical details.Excellent shot.  Great work.اابداااااااعbeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Amazing~!
xDرووووووووعه ماشاءالله عليييييييييييييكاهنيك عمل مميز

ماشاء الله

كل التوفيقماشاء الله |_|
أبدعت أخوي ..

شيء جميييييييل |_|الله يحفظ فيصل !
:)superb job mashalla =)ضد الماء
أبدعت أستاذ فيصل
كـ العادهـ أفكار جدا متوحشه منك :)WOW what a capture of this watch in this yellow gel flashed water !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)مبدع و أستاذ في مجال التصوير السريع !

اتمنى ان اصل يوماً الى مستواك في هذا النوع من التصوير

متمكن بشكل كبير وافكارك مميزة ماشاءالله تبارك الرحمن

ما زلت متابعة لروائعك

موفق ياربما أقول إلا ربي يزيدك من فضلـــــــــــــــه


احترافي حد النخاع

ودنا تتحفنا بجوانب أخرى من ابداعك بالتصويرbrilliant creative job ;)wow , great  work  :)يستمر فيصل ويستمر الابداع = )
ماشاءالله تبارك الله
فنان !

= )مبدع .. رووووعهGood Time for a swim ;)

Another exellent Image My Friend.
Exellent Job!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )أنت مممممممممممبدع وربيْamazing ..Professional made! Exquisite quality shot!مبدع 
دائماً وأبداً
::
يعطيك العافيه على هالإبداعرائع ماشاءالله
ابدعتالله عليك يا فيصل مبدع
واحلى شي اختيار موفق 
للبرتغالي
واحلى شي انك رويتنا كوليس التصوير
والله يعطيك العافيه 
يا مبدع
تحياتي لكماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن
مبدع وابداعك ماعليه كلام
بالتوفيقVery neat edition.اهنيك بقوه استاذ فيصل .. 
الخلفيه ماعليها كلام ..

تسلم يمناك وعساك ع القوة ياربGreat shot. What watch is that?amazing ma sha2 alla !!  &lt;3

keep it up !خرافيه

دعائيه رائعه فعلاًlove the orange background!beautifulRAW3A   el9ra7a  fn mashalla  !!





comment me plZ :)wonderful my friend!فنااااااااااااااااان  رووووعة

لكن اللي اعرفة يكون تصوير الساعة

على الوقت عشرة وعشرة

لكي تبتسم لك

هنا كسرت القاعدة

احب كسر القاعدة في الحدود المعقولة

تسلم يمناك حبيبيwow love this shot
really great work


please also have a look at my new pic =)
This is really great !
CongratZbut how cool is this!مشاء الله 
مبدعWonderful smile!!!  ^_^

You are invited to add your wonderful picture to: Sorrisi/Smiles/Sonrisas Wauw, haar lach is inderdaad betoverend! Hele mooie foto!hele mooie lach!!Prachtige lacht, leuk koppeltjeDat was blijkbaar een goede grap, want haar lach is heel leuk!
Fijne zondag.ah ook erg mooie! wat spontaner dan die andere... heel leuk en mooie kleuren!erg mooie dame zeg!!!Prachtig zeg!:)) heerlijk plaatje, zo spontaan :o)I'm in love with all your gallery.. :)sweet!this is really prettyJA wat een mooie lach, hij kijkt ook geamuseerd, prachtig stel!Zo word je een goede regisseur van de mensen die je moet fotograferen! Klasse foto!So beautiful :)This is lovely!Very cute!! :o)Great shot!Mooi shot hoor!
De kleuren en achtergrond doen het goed!cute couple..lovely shotlove the expression from the couple.. nicely done!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very very nice photography.NICE!wow.. lucky manLucky girl, too ;)great couple portrait! congrats!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1618059...Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22682

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)amazingly done

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]You made the right joke.  A beautiful shot!好幸福~sweet~Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!This is really good! 

Seen in Explore.bellissimabeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!quins reflexes aqueda,
quina envejaaaa
molt bonica¡Madre mia, Agueda...que preciosidad!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)le has sacado todo el jugo que se podia agueda.Muy bien Agueda, te felicito.Et va quedar ben maca!!! almenys matinar tant va servir una mica per algo jeje. M'agraden molt els núvols :)

Com va el cansament?

un petó molt gran!!lo delta es precios pertot i mos deixa uns espectacles dignes de fer força fotos una maravilla 
salutTe felicito Agueda, esos colores son estupendos y los reflejos perfectamente conseguidos. Has compuesto un escenario cuyo resultado es magnifico.
Un saludo.Una albada preciossa, els colors son exquisits !!!
Bona tarda, Agueda.Preciosa, simplement....preciosa!Bellísima luz, que colores!!!Muy bonita, te felicito. Ese cielo reflejado es una maravilla.Unes llums i un reflexes dels núvols preciosos. Has captat magníficament l'esperit del Delta.Molt maca.

Grupo Fotografico TARRACOFOTOGRAFIA
  
www.flickr.com/groups/tarracofotografia/ Molt bonica, carinyet. Petonets.Fantastica immagine!!!ingresso del ParadisoSimplement preciosa, uns colors de luxe,
salut i una abraÇAdaUn bello amanecer.Beautiful shot
weldoneNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Una autentica delicia Agueda, es preciosa. Has captado el momento de una manera impecable.
Un placer conocerte. Saludos.This is remarkable - and a photo everyone should see! I think this calls on the feelings and the story is visible but not obvoius. A photograph to remember and to be hung up with! Congrats on Explore - deserved!!


www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Un encuadre sensacional..Amazing!Realment és una meravella!!!!!!!!!

Una abraçada.Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22655

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado AGUA FUENTE DE VIDA y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8513909...Pante mejente jebros ndase wataka aini nuwun sewu kulo mboten ngerti???guapa guapa!!
i a sobres, FP :)
norabona!!the sun's refelction is wonderfulBellissimaWow!! What an amazing shot. Am blown away by the colors and the details. Amazing. Hats off!Beautiful shot!Perfect shot.  Congratulations on explorebeautifulgood shot! (:Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningThis one´s extremely beautiful.

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado °Landplage° y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain 
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 
Please share this piece of art with the other artists @

 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 

  

Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”

Please join the group!


--
Seen in someone's favorites. ( ?² )Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado 100+ Views Natural Landscapes *Post 1, Comment 1* y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Molt maca, els tons impressionants, el delta sempre ens dona satisfaccions, ep! Enhorabona per el F.P. :)
Un petó.wonderful sunset

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Beautiful tones! Excellent shot!I like the reflections in this great shot.Belíssima!spectacular sundown!!!! Congrats!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Cuánto tiempo sin verte por aquí, y con una bonita foto, así me gusta. La luz es preciosa!!!Great capture, love the colours.Estupenda foto, me gusta mucho. Excelente trabajo!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very beautiful.Beautiful.

You are invited to add your photo to:
 Whimsies, Flares and Echoes
Please tag your photo with &quot;flare&quot; and &quot;echo&quot;.Sasibeautiful shot

[via Flickroom]nice one, great shot!Precioso contraluz y colores. Me encanta la composición que has hecho.
Enhorabuena.ExcelenteGreat capture!!

Clica aquí per veure les millors fotos d'ENFOCAel Ebro guarda silencio, 
al pasar por el Pilar, 
la Virgen està dormida
non la quiere despertar...Very well capture and it's beautiful well done!!!
 100+Natural Landscapesel momento mágico del día..., que maravilla...!!!!!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job![http://www.flickr.com/photos/nutbrown/4320937462/]Wowser, I LOVE this.  The hearts in your eye are so fabulous!  This would be one I'd love to tribute one day.  Brilliant.Wow that's stunning.this is cool!really greaaaaat work!
I love it!absolutely amazing! &lt;3Gorgeous - such a fab tribute!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow brilliant work!wow what a fab tribute, love the crop and the processingWow what a great shot - fab sp and tribute

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)woah! amazing eyes!Wow the eye looks amazing!Utterly fab :-)  I'd love to do a shot like this but would probably look awful!Yay for cross-process..........this is fab - love your eye and the stars!Fab tribute!I knew you'd put me to shame, lol! Love, love, love it! Thank you for the fab tribute :DWow! Instant fave

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)you always make me smile!This is beautifulbeautiful :)Gorgeous!very beautiful tributeWonderful striking imageamazing!Woweeee. Amazing xFantastica!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Just amazing!Love that green eye :-)Brilliant!I love that starry eye, and the bokeh starscape in the background! Promise not to ask any questions :-)Just seen in 'Interestingness' - Yay :-)THis is a fab tribute.  I have no idea how you did it but I love it!!Wow!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)AmazingGreat idea and composition! Very imaginative, I love the result.Totally fab shotYou're incredibly creative- always love seeing what you come up with.
Fabulous!Nice!Love this, what a gorgeous shotReally worth a look! This is a real study in composure, colors, lines and use of shapes. The lighting is fabolous too! The content - the history - is remarkable - this really brings some emotions up to the surface. This is a one of a kind photograph! 

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/wow, totally cool shotWow! This is amazing - gonna add this to my list of things to try! :p)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1360619...Excellent photo.Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.awesome !!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?A great lookWow its so beautifulBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningMarvellous potrait friend !
Crisp focus ! Excellent composition and fine details !
P E R F E C T !!
Have a great day my friend !Simply beautifulWhy look to the sky when all the stars are in you eyes? ;)Brilliant tribute!amazingly done

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]beautiful... &gt;_&lt;Love it!Lovely, the bokeh is brilliant!It's so cool. Love itWhat a striking image! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.muy linda!great shot!This is really cool !haha, för skön! :D ljuset är riktigt nice.Shit vad söt du är! Riktigt snyggt, älskar ljuset och färgerna. Mycket mycket bra. Tagen med nya kameran? :)Haha vilken sjukt söt bild, va söt du är. :)
Så gräddig och mysig på något sätt. Jag gillar att du blandat starka horn med mönstertapet och ett fint ljus, tillsammans med en mjuk redigering. Mycket härliga färger i hela bilden.. :)Tacktack:
Ankan, den är tagen med nya kameran. Sjukt jobbigt att ta utan fjärris bara. Står näst på inköpslistan!Bravo!&lt;3 &lt;3Haha, förstår det. Blir ett jävla spring liksom.. Men den är så bra. Jag älskar din blick förresten, det är lite &quot;vad fan glor du på, det här är min skog&quot; över den :)cute :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Selfies, the un-365 kind, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ankan: Ja precis, plus att det är sjukt jobbigt att ställa skärpan. Man måste ställa något där först. Typ en stol och hoppas det funkar.
Tack :) Tänkte köra rädda hjortögon först men det blev inge bra!omfg i love the manipulation and the colors/tones
faveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeawesome lighting!
i love this idea, so creative! (:I love the vintage feel!
And the tones are amazing.så jävla branice capture!
Your photo deserves another SILVER Color Photo Award trophy

Color Photo Award - SILVERWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)You even got the &quot;deer in the headlights&quot; look going.

You are invited to add your photo to:
 Whimsies, Flares and Echoes
Please tag your photo with &quot;flare&quot;.Great photo! :)Very scandinavianoh my!
I love this sosososo muchhh:)

great concept!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice colors (:FANTASY capture !!!!Fell in love with that song long long back. Used to sing to so much that in fact pissed a lot of people off. (no I had a pretty okay voice, it's the constant singing that would piss em off .. lol). Anyway, rule of thirds creating a minimalistic 'splendid simplicity' here! Awesome 'darkness' .. great colors (praise be to Allah). Loved it bro. Did a great job yet again as usual =PNice shot! i like the pp here.wowwww....really fantasyaha....BD r potaka r moto lagtese....jotil dof+color
ki ful eita ??? &nbsp; protik_hossain:  Thanks. Not much PP here actually, just a bit underexposed to get the effect.very pretty contrast!!!!!ki shundor ful re bababeautiful indeed =DNo, Aftab... it's not underexposed. It is perfectly exposed.

Even though the subject is supposed to be the flower (which is gorgeous), I am drawn more to the luscious, almost aquatic, softness of the background greenery.Aftab bhai, DURDANTO !:O wowIt takes a very good creative photographer to catch my attention with a flower shot - and of course you did.composition and colors on this are spot onkemon jani lagtese...:)...voyonkor voyonkor abar shundor shundor.....:)...tht means really fantasy....Lovely!Like a dream! Wow!what a beauty :)exquisite on blackReally beautiful actually, great great colorbeauty!great colors of flowerbrilliant capture
lovin' the color
great work!!!sooo wonderful !!!lovely one !!!joss hoise photo ta.Very nice. Great bokeh.nice....really beautifulExcellent work!This photo is also beautiful.Great picture, love the background also.Beautiful colors....
Oshadharon....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The New Academy: Invited, Post1 Comment3一張作品三個評論, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely how this stands out from the background - great shot!Beautiful !!nice one 
awesome beauty :)Superb composition! The color contrast and minimalism - fantastic!very good strong coloursbeautiful flower indeed. nice contrastsuperb shotOshadharon..... mon bhalo kore dilo.....Darunnnnn.....Rong jhol-mole chomotkar ekta chobi.

Shudhui Bangla -y dekhechi.Awesome!!!Beauty! Like it.Aita kemne shombhob. Rong, Sharpness and jototuku alo dorkar thik tototuku.mindblowing shot... !!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Shudhui Bangla - শুধুই বাংলা&quot; (?)durdanto, mama
exposure ta posondo hoyse, ful er rong jeno fute ber hosse.Wow..! Its really very very ...
VERY beautiful snap of a beautiful flower .
A complete fave...beautiful shot!you r beautiful ....its truechok juriye jay.beautiful work

Shudhui Bangla -y dekhechi.Très beau!this is really beautiful...ur beautiful............its trueeita ki???????????bossssssss!!!!!Isn't it amazing that colours like this just pop up into nature and are so vivid! amazing shot!True title, this flower is soooo beautiful.
And so is the photo!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely......how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY An instant fave. A wonderful and exceptional flower shot. The colors are beautiful. Loved it.Absolutely stunning, What flower is this?

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bangladeshi Photographers&quot; (?)beautiful....... simpleHi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fully agree, so beautiful. Great photo!Wonderful macro with great details.A really wonderful shot. Good work, definitely a classic.
Your photo has been awarded the
‘Flickr Classique Gold Seal Of Approval’
Gain 5 Awards and post your photo to our thread
to enter our ‘Gold Album’.

Congratulations from all @
‘Flickr Classique’Fantastic colors!this is amazingThanks for this summery &amp; sunny image aftab
She's a beauty :)woo love thischorom...simply fantastic!love the depth of the colors...a entirely different environment!awesome control over background and light...
really pops outAmazing macro, congrats!GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAwardUn pelín desenfocada, pero es preciosaVery nice shot.Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.This shot has a surreal feel to it, more Aftab magic!Really beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Algo digno de verse


.Wonderful.Fabulous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Do you want to be in Wonderland?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Youre beautiful too!!this is good as.

what program do you usereally goodI Used Apple Aperture 2.0 and Adobe Photoshop CS4. The other thing i used for this was the Photomatix Pro plug-ing for Aperture.Fucking awesome sion. looks soo rad 
~: Award Of Excellence :~Great shot!!How do you like your 10.5 mmWOW!!


HDR AWARD [POST 1 - AWARD 5]
TAG your photo with: HDRaward
HDR AWARD [POST 1 - AWARD 5]
TAG your photo with: HDRawardGreat shot and editingGreat shot! How do you like those v4s?this is so cool!so good manWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Perfect HDR!Beautiful!  :)LOVE this. &hearts;Your camera doesn't shovel snow? ;-)so beautiful. wowVery nice!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kingdrater/] Ahhhh! Wouldn't that be amazing? I think you should build the prototype.I love this, the colors and the snow bokeh are just amazing.this is so beautiful! I love paper doves :)Beautiful Becca...love the light! We have rain again today, the sun yesterday was such a joy to have after so many days with rain but it did not last. Maybe it will come back later on. Hope you have a wonderful rest of your weekend my friend. We are spending today finishing up India's science fair project.  m-so cute becca!!:) love the story... and the picture say so much!You are so creative :)love this.  so creative!wow, this is fantastic!Beautiful as always Rebecca...

Thank you so very much for adding this image to Tiny Treasures…awesome!I hope you got some help shoveling my dear!
You know i would help you if I could..  I am a very &quot;seasoned&quot; and experienced shoveler.  :D
Love the idea and compositionbeautiful!So so beautiful! Lovely idea!fantastic!So delightful ... lovely light and I just love your origami images!these are all so magical.Beautiful and fun!  And it's so cool that you can make these!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful...
lovely light...
and whimsy...so very cutethis is soooo pretty, the colours are lovely :)so cuteHi, I'm an admin for a group called FOCUS,  Only golden focus, please, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this just makes me feel good becca ;))
have a beautiful day~xx

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)oh what a delight this is!i love the snow coming down in the background. :)Beautiful image!Oh my. I must learn to make these.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/aprillejanine/] You should! Here's a video that should help. ;)in the top right hand corner it alomst looks loke an angel!!!!Becca,i adore this!!    xSerene, peaceful, beautiful.  

And that is A LOT of snow to shovel!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wow this is absolutely incredible.Beautiful work...I love your stream!So beautiful and light!  I love the tones here too. :)Gorgeous origami work, love the tones and the details of the snow and use of dof! Lovely!Beautiful!! So creative!gorgeous!Perfect focus and tones! I love how you can see the snow falling!This is beautiful. I just love that light--everything about this is so delicate.Oh so lovely!I am looving thisbeautiful !Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2919860...Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.sweet birds !
beautiful done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very Creative!!what a great capture, so creative!hihi love this!love.  &hearts;LOVE this!!!!!!!SO clever AND beautiful!!! brilliant, raye!light colors in snow white, feels so comfortableA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...I'm in looooove with this! :DBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningBeautiful Becca.  I just love your little colored origami birds.....makes me want to make some of my own..... ahhhh if only there were 4 more hours of daylight in a day......lovely.  you capture the snow so beautifully... i can hear the silence when i look at this image!This is so calming.  Amazing as usual.really creative. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )ebbrava Chiara....molto bella!!!:) Grazie Guido! vai a vedere la versione di Giuhal e poi ne riparliamo :) mannaggia!:-)Devo dire che questa foto coglie a pieno il senso della vita.bravissima.Il viale del tramonto?
No, fra poco il sole spazzerà ogni malinconia.

Decisamente bella!!Quasi quasi non riconiscevo il posto ;-)
Ben composta e malinconica al punto giusto, direi con un pizzico di otomatuahite ;-)

ciaoCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato *The Realm of Quality*. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

splendida foto, complimentiThe tones are wonderful!nicely done.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Bellissimo questo BN. Complimenti.Ciao Chiara!!..la nebbiolina rende tutto più misterioso e melanconico..bella foto e bel bn!! Brava!!

..la sciura anziana è una chicca!!this photo should deserve a lot more comments.
It's beautiful and touching!!
Awesome!great photo.Si, è molto bella !very poetic.. beautiful BnW pic..

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]Awesome shot...love it!Beh, è una bella metafora della vita a pensarci bene, no?
Ottimo scatto Chiara!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningche bella!aww helping out the little old lady
so cute!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Excellent!wow! grazie a tutti!
thank you sooooo much for your comments and fav! yesterday was really freezing but apparently it was worth going out :)Bellissima! Complimenti!Superbly acomplished black and white. Awesome composition. Thanks for sharing!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful. Great bw conversion.i absolutely love this.Lovely...beautiful! awStunning shot. Really tells a storyHello:D.Goodddddddddd..
From japan.
TomoGreat.What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful image =)...Dios le apoya :-D
Una preciositat de foto. Ha pagat la pena matinar, Vicent.que barbaritat de cel,molt bona fotografia;salutacionsLe ayuda con la panorámica de un cielo impresionante.


He visto tu foto en Lugares de España
www.flickr.com/groups/lugarespain/Impresionant el cel Vicent.
En el mateix infern.
Mol bona.Vaya luces y vaya cielo. Impresionante.molt bona amicEs bestial, un foton.molt bona, un 10bon cel,sense dubte.salutacionsUn cel fantastic ! salut !En efecto yo también he visto el amacer de hoy y como siempre no llevaba la cámara en ese momento.
La foto queda perciosa.
Un saludo... dios le ayuda. Pero hay que saber
FelicitacionesGorgeous shot...great details of the clouds!!Beautiful shot
weldoneNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Que cielo más extraordinario!wonderful sunset :) 
so lovely :)Moltes gràcies a tots per els vostres comentaris.

Muchas gracias a todos por vuestros comentarios.

Thanks for yours comments.Beautiful sky, well captured.vaya cielo es impresionante, el madrugon merecio la pena, saludos desde cantabria.Increible Toma ! FelicidadesWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Esta foto ha segut escollida per Flickr com una de les 500 fotografies més interesants del dia 7 de febrer.
Me s'han plantat les orelles quan he vist en l'últim comentari, això de:
-Seen in the interestingness archives-.
Escara estic al·lucinant.
Moltes gràcies a tots.

www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/07/page4/

Esta foto ha sido escogida por Flickr como una de las 500 fotografias más interesantes del dia 7 de febrero.
Muchas gracias a todos.Molt bona tenim que matinar mesmolt bonica la foto i els colors!!Enric cuanta rao tens sera per la de ahir diumenge??Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Beautiful!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.No es per a menos, ja que la foto, es un Fotón.
Enhorabona Vicent...........................!!!!Wow .. am speechlessreally amazing shot... great colors and tonesgeniales tonos!!Superb &#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;&#9733;Very good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hermosa¡Maravilloso!  ¡Ambos la foto y el amanacer!so gorgeous! love the tones here! =]Wow! I love the expression and the colours...oooh i love this :)!this is lovely!www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)nice, very poetic feel to it..有feel～～so beautiful :)Wow ! Great capture !!!

This awesome picture was seen in Flickr Balloon AwardNICEthanks 4 sharing2wonderfull atmosfere! great work.Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]很有情緒的作品....nice !A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Woww! excellent photo (:Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningso nice @!!melancholy . . .你好，我是 Conceptual Cinematic *Pics with stories* 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！Wow, fantastic work here! Excellent job!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wow,,da colors are xpressive,da imagery and substance.great job..lets c m0re.beautiful ;)

你好，我是 6x6 People Portraits -color- 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7828664...very beautiful very veryNice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.  I Think this is Art ! AWARDwow....
what did her see in the wind?你好，我是 Attitude 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！this is cool你好，我是 Indie/Folk/Psychedelic Hall Of Fame 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！

awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )你好，我是  Show  ur  Snaps 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！such great dof - love it on that green mat too!
I could use a bite of that
I love cake for breakfast!Mmm!Spectacular Presentation!mmm...that looks homemade. I always thought marble cake was double the fun: fun to make &amp; fun to eat....and it never looked the same twice!Oh, no, he's on the food again, and chocolate as well:-( I need to go out, no chocolate in the house. I bet you are enjoying this.awww you brouhg tme breakfast?? mmh delicious, i will be baking myself a lil :) todayDamn! CHOCOLATE! 
Must make this soon...who woulda thought!
I know cinnamon crumb cake....mmm.. can I have a slice, please? :o)hahah....love the quote and most of all that perfect looking cake!!!! Have a great Sunday!!!!Why not right now? Huh? Oh right. January 28th. Long gone is the cake. Luckily, not for us. BEAUTIFUL!!!**takes a bite while you're busy reading comments**
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh, yummy! So well captured, as usual. Now I feel like coffee with cake :) Thanks, Steven!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Wow...I really love the DOF in this one!!! Perfect and delicioius!What a luscious looking piece of cake and a beautiful image of it.  My name is Beth, and I AM a chocoholic...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)another lovely &quot;make me want to eat carbs&quot; photo.  nice.  ;)Hmmm, perfect dof and details! That is one BIG piece!&lt;3
Happy Sunday!Ha, love the title - and that cake looks delicious... I'm pretty much a chocoholic... I'll have it in any shape or form:-) Your composition is really strong here, with great use of the fork to provide a lead in, coupled with your trademark fab shallow focussing... chocolate &quot;yum&quot; cake!Oh my gosh this looks really yummy!Food again? It is not fair,you make me eat with your pics.
Great shot.Hmmm looks sooo yummyy:)delish!
great light and dof!
and of course the scrumptious bokeh :)awwwww....... my favorite..... &lt;3 &lt;3 this is so awesome!!More to life than chocolate !!! Hummmmm ....that looks sooo delicious :)Whao Steven!! You make food seem like some work of art. :) :) :)oh my!  not a good way for ME to start my morning.  if i could have chocolate crumb cake for breakfast i would be the happiest girl alive.  looks de-lish and beautifully photographed :)Steve makes everthing look like a work of art :*). Yummy DoF!Looks delicious - can I have a bite???

:-))Ah... I'm liking that fresh green colour, springlike. And a glimmer of steel, a perfect combination, with the light making this a vision of April.
.
.
.
Oh, there's a cake? Where? *spinning her head around*

*deliberately choosing not to look in the middle*
.
.
*feeling proud of her self-control*
There.Is.No.Cakeyou tempted me with the chocolate, but hooked me with the wonderful DoF and lighting!i really need to eat something and this looks perfect!! save me a bite!!! :) perfection my friend. pure perfection!Beautifully displayed. Looks like it came right off the menu. Excuse me, it looks like it's time for me to order.No-one and I mean no-one can photograph food as good as you Steven!!!
Now pass me that fork this one's mine!!! S ;-}That looks so tasty! Wonderful photo!Looks yummy!You are such a master in setting up a shot, I learn so much from your images, really! Thank you. Love the green here and the depth of field.Gorgeous dof Cake!are you going to eat that all alone?
the best looking marble cake i have ever seen(we call it that)
and it tastes so good
fantastic dofWow..this looks soooo good!  The lighting is perfect, the size of that cut in order to fit into this composition.  The way you placed that fork and the DOF are all working so well together.  :)  

Thank you again for the congrats!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Looks like food month will never end...;-))
Wonderful shot again, Steven.
The focus is stunning and the fork leads us perfect to the main thing - the cake ;-)Steve is the one with the sweet-tooth. But, as he is rushing out the door to cover the Super-Bowl/Olympic preparations/anti-Olympic protests, it will be my job to discretely grab that piece of cake off that plate. (I can't believe that it hasn't been done yet). I mean, the guy is going to deserve a piece after dealing with hundreds of very beer'ed-up football fans wanting to say 'hi' to their moms on TV. :)
The metallic smoothness of the fork, the green-tinted gloriousness and the chocolate-crusted clarity? I call this one a winner!p.s ...my pics haven't been E'ed until I hear your 'woot'. Thanks so much...it always makes me smile!  :)  :)  :)WOW!  That is one great looking piece of Cake!..I think I really like the muted green tones behind it also though..a very soothing color &amp; Thanks for tempting my sweet tooth..I have not really been eating a whole lot of sweets lately ..just feel better without all that sugar in me..but glad I get to indulge in it on your stream! :-)Chocolate is definitely a part of my everyday life... YUM.Delicious, I love how the fork leads me straight to the chocolate cake. Mmm.....

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh there you go again...I thought we'd stoped with food for a while...I've still got weight to loose and here you are with chocolate cake. If it wasn't so well shot I would have a chance at resisting, but no, you have to take another amazing picture and ruin everything for me!!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!! :-)You reallllly know how to make us envy you...that chocolate crumbcake looks amazing!!!!! I concur with the title Steven. Love chocolate!!Hehe..I like the desctiption..who doesn't like chocolate...Everyone is practically a chocoholic...I feel bad for the one's with allergies. Well done with the shot..brings out the &quot;chocolate&quot;y sense in it. Keep it up~That's a delicious chocolate cake...I'm hungry now!! Well shot.Mmmm....a sweet way to start off my Sunday :) I like how you were able to capture the swirls...even looks like there's a smile in there. So, is that what was left after you ate the cake? :D

Happy Super Bowl Sunday!Chocolate swirl and a swirl of focus.  Nice combo.Viewing your dessert photos results in my cravings for sweets!  LOVE chocolate!!  Great shot!Yummy! this photograph made me smile! just thinking of chocolate taste... :)
Lovely Steven!Fantastic color! This is gorgeous.Oh boy that looks good........no breakfast yet, do you mind if I help you with that???  :)

What could I possibly say that has not been said before??  :)
Great focal point, wonderful DoF and lighting......and please, pass the cake!!

Have a great Sunday Steven!  

CarmenOMG! lol! all I want now is marble cake!  The green compliments the composition perfectly.  This image makes the viewer feel as though they are sitting in front of the cake ready to delve in and savor every morsel!  Very interactive, it is not a photograph but a glimpse into the right place at the right time.
*add* you are the bokeh master!Cake looks yummy...really nice background...
And your caption...very funny!There really is more to life than chocolate? Are you sure of that? Well there you go, you're pictures are even teaching me new stuff :p

Love the composition, with the fork and the foot of the plate creating a leading highway from foreground to background, almost bypassing the piece of marbled cake altogether. What a shame that would have been! Made it in a turban or just cut it like this on purpose? Very plain white plate, but quite effective in order to let the overwhelmed eye focus on other parts of the picture.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This definately looks good!Big enough to share for sure Steven!  :)OMG...decadence!  This looks amazing.  Love the little crumbs...perfect!yum!
time for something sweet I think~
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Glad to see more food shots, despite food month being over!  This looks heavenly!  :)Ahhh. I just got home from work, and wouldn't you know, I&quot;m sitting here starving, and waiting on supper. You' ve now given me a great urge to bake, darn it. Gorgeous composition, and the green bokeh background also looks utterly delish too. :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3371186...I was feeling hungry and your photograph reminded me I do indeed have marble cake in the kitchen... yay :-)

Cool photograph by the way and congratulations on being there on the home page when you click explore :-DJust saw this on Frontpage..
it's beautiful! congrats!brilliant, my friend... that fork brings us right into the scene... I love how the cake seems to have a smiley face... great stuff... 

Seen on Fluidrspettacolo..! Compliments...!Psst.. another FP!  I just clicked and saw 2 in a row from you. Whoa.
Congrats!Congratulations!
Your photos are Awesome!Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.That looks delicious!Yummmmmmmm!!! another FP!  Woot!that looks fantastic! so chocolately and moist! delicious shotReally looks yummy! Another fab shot Steve! The light is also lovelysteven... so amazing...  and you really outta change your profile name to steven brisson ~  aka exploreso inviting........yummy!! great light &amp; bokeh!amazing work here, totally gorgeous!jesus dude that looks good.Fantastic!Oooh...I love that minty green with the dark brown. It makes me think of Chocolate chip mint ice cream, one of my favorite things. Amazing dof and light! Love this one!!!ooo yaaa!!! love this! congrats on explore :)
it looks amazing
thanks for all your comments on my food week photos! take carehaha couldn't stay away from delicious captures couldn't you? :]
beautiful, yum shot  !Still worKing on it... they organizers are bringing in snow by trucks and helicopters. Weather is crazy! a few days ago it was around 11 degrees, right now is around 8... 
Send us some from Chicago! that's so kind of you :)
The world is here! hanging around is so cool, so will try to get a few shots! I saw a few athletes training.OMG what a sinfully delicious photo! YUMMY!! ^_^I'm totally with you here so yummy , I love marble cake ::)) Also I see you got like every image so far on FP congrats I am green with envy. You are fabulous!!! making any books yet ????s that brownie?
I really love ur food and drinks set :XMmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhcongrats on another great shot in explore... a very very tasty #3

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Mmmm, I like marble cake... and I like all that surrounding green, don't know why, but it mixes perfectly with the cake. Congrats on FP! (both)
Wishing you a happy week ahead, Steven! :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )* Excellent *Yummy. Looks so delicious.
_____________________
reply with darckr?awoooh god !! yummmytotal yum!  well done! :)Wow! Yummy yummy! I would love some of that right now... amazing work, Steven. As always. :)wow!!Well, it's no wonder this made frontpage, I mean, honestly?  What's not to love?  Beautiful bokeh sparkling brightly in the background?  Yummy composition?  Or maybe that CHOCOLATE CAKE?  (Pardon me, that was my stomach talking.)  Fabulous shot, Steven.Hi Steven,
Great! 
Congratulations on a well deserved #3 on Explore.
--
Seen on AnsazWow, you are on such a great roll!  Congratulations!  How come you get to eat all this yummy stuff and I feel like I'm putting on weight just looking at it.  Scrumptious!Mmmmmm.... definitely one of my loves too.  I could just eat the topping though.  Your food shots are always beautifully done and soooooo very delicious looking.  Yum.YUM! But I must tell you that it is the green that causes me to drape myself over my keyboard in contentment! Besides, nothing left for me but crumbs after everyone else helped themselves! :D So not surprised to see this on the FP! I wanted to thank you for your kind and thoughtful comments on my photos! :D
--
Seen in your Things I ♥ set. ( ?² )delish.
the cake
and 
the photoBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningmhmm ~ Marmorkuchen ! :-))
... with bokeh.Do I have to say something about CHOCOLATE??? do i?? xD hahaha
btw, this is freaking awesome! :DI was so excited to share a piece of  this awesome chocolate crumble cake yesterday that I forgot to fave it!!  :)
It looks just as fresh and yummy today!!

CarmenChocolate is the next best thing to godliness, is it not so?  Delicious capture.Nice work, lovely bokeh/chocolate...
Great Cake...sorry, great work! :D
Ciao!I adore this shade of green! Your shot is as tempting as the real deal...should be prceded with a warning to dieters. I love the composition and DoF.  Congrats on Explore!  That must come as big surprise for you!!! LOL  
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)uhm ...... perfect ...that looks SO, SO, SO delicious...yummy!!!:)Oh, gosh, that looks soooo yummy!! Great focus and dof!!nice title , but I thought id see some real chocolateMmmmm...looks delicious and is an awesome pic too!  =)Awesome shot my friend, wonderful hues and the light is just perfect!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)awesome depthI love this kind of cake and photography. I think we are going to be new friends.Is there? Really?

--
http://lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/onexplorenow/?lang=en (?)looks yummy!beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]How did you know that marble cake was my all time fave cake!? Wow! Some serious dof and bokeh here Mr Brisson! DoFolicious shot! :Psoo faaavWhat an interesting capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Stunning capture! I love the light!  Congratulations on the explore.Love it !Super delicious!Beautiful portrait.Nice soft light in her face makes her look very very beautiful.oh god you are so goodwww.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)omg! this is so amazing
love the pureness of this =]Beautiful portrait. Refreshingly natural and pure.
Seen on Explore.Beautiful model and nice portrait.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Superb...very pretty.bootifulthese eyes...This is a beautiful and soft portrait. The highkey, those eyes, the hair... all perfect. Bravo!A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Excellent Portrait :))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ImagePoetry-ImagePoésie / ADMIN INVITE ONLY / +15f, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Mona Lisa Smile (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful portrait!BeautyBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningGot depthgreat portrait!

MilkoPrecioso retrato. Enhorabuena!!This is an amazing portrait. Congrats!Drop Dead Gorgeous.. Who is this.. I want to see more of her.i love her eyes and her hair. beautiful portrait.great definition, and your hair is so voluptuous!Wonderful portrait!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]What a nice haircut!Hi sexy,
u r so hotRefreshing composition... fantastic image my friend!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)those pouting lipsoh i love this :)))Gorgeous portrait, congrats!Fantastic portrait !..................congrats !This portrait is magnificent.hey.....stunning portrait.........can you post to our group s.v.p........xHi, I'm an admin for a group called *Pandora's Secret Box*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so beautiful!!I just love this, both the Photo and the Modell... Lovley :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called People Make Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Hi! 

I have put together a photo blog from the images submitted to my group 'People Make Me Happy' that are my favourites and I wanted to check I could use this photograph. 
I will credit you and link it back to your flickr page.

Please give me quick message to let me know if you're interested

Amyawesome portrait,love the hair=]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Indie/Folk/Psychedelic Hall Of Fame, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )fantastic shot - loved your dungeness stufflovely shot..nice tone and sharpness!Wonderful tones!  What a treat it was to find that old roll laying around!wonderfulthats reet lovely that is.That's fantastic, love the colourWhen's the much-anticipated preview, then, eh?…

;-)Stupendous.Love the lightamazing shot!Beautiful scene, great shot!nice atmosphere and composition!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8435139...Awesome!! Congratulations on making it to the Front Page. You can access the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22622

And, here are more of your FP photos.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.i love the light, creates a lush effect!Great use of redscale in this one. I like this.Nice shot!!!Wow ; )love that composition..lovely tone ..good work.very very nice work..Pretty pictureWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great color...Love the tones and the mood in this. Very impressive!
_____________________
reply with darckr?beautiful shot
i love it
weldonegreat light

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Daniele Guerriero ]Impresionante.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)What an amazing dramatic sky you've got here.  It's on fire!Wow! Amazing capture! The composition is excellent!!fantastic colour!!!!! best compliment!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Lovely tones!!Amazing!Wow! the golden hue captured is just amazing.. 
Dramatic POV.

Thanks for sharing

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]The redscale makes the sky look really dramatic! I like!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningReally amazing!OMG !! This is pure magic !
Celluloid photography still way ahead of digital photography !
EXCELLENT COMPOSITION AND MARVELLOUS EXPOSURE AND TONES !!
This is PHOTOGRAPHY !
Have a great day my friend !Great photo, beautiful warm colours!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Buoyant - Buoy Images!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.Great shot!Really quite wonderful!Truly magnificent composition. Like it quite a bit!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)amazingly done

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]The sky is so beautiful and the whole scene is so intense!Amazing tones, superb compo!Beautiful photo!Awesomewow amazing

Exploreseen in the explore...great!Excellent !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent image seen on FP:-)gorgeous tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very dramatic.....amazing shotbuena Toma !fantastic capture and work with the texture :)Beautiful shot.  I love the processing.so cuteLovelyabsolutely beautiful.10cute !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so nice thanks 4 sharingSo cute!sooo cute!!!!Great picture!Lovely shot!Preciosa...saludos.hey girl.  i just saw this in explore.  congrats!  &hearts;

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 

No limits-Sin limite
Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2i love the lips..such a sweet picture.Lovely :)What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.So precious :-)  My little guy arrives in about 7 weeks!  Can't wait!what a soft color.
do you use film?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nop Luc, no film :) only texture in the process!

and thank you all so much! :)Och so so sweet =)hoo haana ingej avaav cee bi yaag bodoj bsiin kkхаана ийм зүйл болоо вэ?wowa brilliant composition! EXPLORE~!woow  сайхан зураг байна  хаана ийм зүйл болоо вэ?bi bii bolgoson yum! :))coolwonderful.wonderful! love the colors and the composition!Ooh laitaiwow, this is so cool!Wow, this is a great shot my friend..... Love the silhouettes here...yaa haaguur baatar tsugluuj ywaad irveeCool shot!Gaihaltai.very cool!Wow!cool silhouette

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)uneheer goyo boljeenais boljeeThis is amazing!  This could be a movie poster for a Kurosawa poster.This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)gaihaltainiceLovely silhouette...!Amazing.step back in time...beautiful silhouette....拍的這麼好!
I enjoyed viewing this, thanks for sharing and have a  great week!very cool shot!!!wow, this is...e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph. And congratulations on explore :)please come do a make-over for my room sometime, please.Goodbye, I hope everything works out as you plan,Brilliantyou are trulytruly brilliant.
and damn inspirational.
goodbye, i hope things get better,
if they arent better already.Though I'm sad that you're leaving [your photography is probably my very favorite], I understand the need. Just remember that you can take 500 steps away from God, but it always and only takes 1 to go back to Him. I will pray for you.this is so so beautiful!I wish you well with everything and while I will miss your pictures, I understand.

whatever you do, please please do not delete your flickr.we'll all miss you, Kennedy.
Your photography is always inspiring. &lt;3uff..I won't be able to follow you elsewhere..but i'm happy that i could see your pics in these weeks, since i added you :) . i think you have a beautiful family.. :) maybe internet in small doses won't be such a terrible sin, maybe you've met some sort of friends there too...best wishes for your change :) even if we don't really know each other!you really have been such an inspiration.

i hope things work out for yo :)i truly hope that you get everything sorted out for yourself.you really have been such an inspiration.

i hope things work out for you :)yes...totally agree with kat shafer..and i will miss you too. :)thank you guys!!

i am not leaving forever.  i will be back some day.  probably summer or something.

I LOVE YOU ALLyou are the coolest, most inspirational person i have never metI am so proud of you!!!!
Good job girl, and I am very happy you understand and comprehend the value of family.
It is lovely to hear.

See you later maybelike i said on tumblr , we will be here when you get back &lt;3
have a lovely hiatus .you're incredible
and i could never do that
i wish i hadn't only just found your photo's but im so glad i didI don't even know what to say, so I'll just say I wish you luck and hope you find what you're looking for.The cranes are my favorite part :)Even of you're taking a flickr break I really think that you should continue taking photographs. It seams to be something you hold very close to your heart &amp;I believe it will help you. I'll miss your pictures very much &amp;can't wait for your return&lt;3 you've truley inspired me &amp;given me a fresh look on life.Keep snapping pictures and I hope you can share them with us again later in life. Good luck with your endeavors and thank you for all that you have shared. You and your sister are truly inspirational and amazing. I have so much respect for you both and for the reason that you chose to leave us. Adieu!this is wonderful 
i am very sad but i really understand
i hope you sort everything out
just always remember you have such talent !All the little details make this so specialI hope you find what you're looking for Kennedy, we'll miss you!you inspire me, i want you knowlet the great world spin *wonderful as usual :)you inspire me greatly.Good For You! And good luck too, your work will be missed but your life will be so much better for it! XOXOGood job making a decision like that, I wish you the best of luck :)your room is so charmingly artsy.
ill miss seing your photos in my 'recently uploaded' from my contacts..they inspired me! come back soon.good luck, girl. &lt;3you're amazing and i'm so sad to see you go. good luck with everything you were/are an inspiration to us all &lt;3I hope it's gonna work out for the better!
We're going to miss you : )I'll miss your work. It's been so emotional and motivational. I hope you come back soon. Good luck with everything - stay strong and find your path. &lt;3This is remarkable - and a photo everyone should see! I think this calls on the feelings and the story is visible but not obvoius. A photograph to remember and to be hung up with! Congrats on Explore - deserved!!


www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/sweet woman* Excellent *nice shot,very good.........great catch!it is telling an unknown story. good idea.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--HolgerBrune ]this really made me sad kennedy. 
you have so much potential and talent...

i'm sad that i'm not going to be able to see your work.Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3351071...Seen in Explore. Congrats on FP! You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22662All of your photo's are soooo gorgeous! 
I love this one aswell! wowA stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...simply beautiful.Sexy and gorgeous work, congrats!congrats on that front pagerBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningFantastic...everything is perfect ! Nice feelgreat i like it!Beautiful ! 
See on ExplorerReally nice picture and comp.!Amazing. Love the tones.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called los últimos románticos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


bellisimo trabajo

congrats on FP
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!brilliant shot..IM GOING TO MISS YOUR LOVELY PICTURES!
im sure when you come back your going to
be feeling better after you did this : D
good luck on your &quot;journey&quot;even though you won't upload anymore, your work will still inspire me
I wish you the best with everything and anything
this is a beautiful photoSUMMER?
aahhhhh damn. 
well you know you're my biggest inspiration and we'll all be here when you come back.

i love the tones in the photo as wellAlso, Iuno why I am just now reading this, but you are wonderful for this.  I think that if it's what you want, then go for it.  I'll miss your uploads :'( but I hope/know everything (will) turn/s out well :)Humm, well if you really are sticking to this then I guess you won't be reading this comment, but it will be here when you get back :)
I think what you're doing is brilliant. 
I think we all get so caught up with the internet, and presenting our lives externally that we forget to actually live them.Oh, beautiful. And good luck with everything :( It's a shame to see someone as talented as yourself leave.So lovely.:)
i love this.
i love your room.this is extraordinary on black.
i love all the linesi'm happy for you, judging from what you said in your letter and what little i know of you. 
good luck, you'll be fine. 
kudos to being able to recognize what you need and for having the strength to actually do it. 

good luck, girl.Ah, we will miss you so baaad! You'll be fine, I wish you all the best and a lot of time to talk with God. To spend time with Him and your family and friends.
In a way I look up to you right now, I really do.wait what, no
but it is what you want, i completely respect thatI love your photography, I hope you return.very cool¡Råtøft bilde!!!
Knalle farga, både på himmel og klean te skiløperen!
Flott lys og bra kordan du ha fått med snyføyka, ser at det e liv og fart i bildet!
Og sist men ikkje minst en heilt perfekt komposisjon :)
Ser ut som dåkker ha hatt en super dag i Norefjell :)))Amzing, genial!Knallfarger, skarpt og interessant positur in-flight på skiløperen. Er usikker på komposisjonen her. Utradisjonell er den. Jeg kunne godt tenkt meg litt mer av løypa med, og kanskje litt mindre tomrom til venstre. Samtidig hadde det gjort bildet mer ordinært på en måte... Hmmmm.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)cool shot, perfect timing by you, what happened next? :0)So Fresh !!! Perfect...

;-)Dette bildet skriker om oppmerksomhet så fargerikt som det er. Flott og luftig som gir en følelse av frihet for meg.: Takk! :) For the record må jeg tilstå at jeg er helt uenig i komposisjonsforslaget ditt, men smaken er som baken osv osv :)
: The next thing that happened was that I skied down to the warming cabin. It was freeeeezing cold up there! PS. The skier landed perfect and disappeared :)Awesome shot!!Ohh! Niiiice! Likte komposisjonen super godt, komplementerer skikjøreren på en flott måte. 

Har du lagt på noe vignettering selv her, eller kom det ut av kameraet slik? ;-)WOW, fantastisk kult bilde. Håper dette kan bli reklameplakat for et eller annet. Flott komponert og stilige farger. Absolutt høy WOW faktor:)Tøft bilde!! Fantastiske farger
Man ser virkelig action i bildet ;-)Utrolig stilig bilde!
Knallbra farger og fokus.

Veldig bra hobbybilde :)
--
Seen in the group&quot;Twitter Photochallenge #TwPhCh&quot; (?): Bildet har vært en tur innom Photoshop, ja. Det er ingen vignettering (ikke tilsiktet, i alle fall), men jeg har brukt en &quot;lighten center&quot;-teknikk kombinert med et digitalt graduated density-filter. Det gir både fokus på skiløperen og mer smell og dynamikk i himmelen, som ellers ville vært helt flat. Det er vanskelig å vite hva som er for lite eller for mye, syns jeg - men jeg ble greit fornøyd med dette :)Her var det litt wow ja. Veldig utradisjonelt utsnitt på slike typer bilder, men jeg synes det fungerer veldig bra. Mest iøyenfallende detalj er at motiv nesten rammer seg inn med staver og ski. Synes også valg av etterbehandling var klok. Blir noen poeng her ja :-) KrWe: Syns du har all grunn til å være &quot;greit fornøyd&quot; med dette, ja.

Tror jeg ville solgt dette bildet (dyrt) til dem som driver stedet det ble tatt på. Helt kanon!stilig !!!! her traff du rett øyeblikk flott med den snørøyken opp fra hoppetDette var meeeget bra. Det er faktisk velkomponert i tillegg til pang-effekten.Amazing!!!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Den traff mitt i blinken denne :) syns nok at himmelen blir litt rar av lysningen... :)

--
bighugelabs.com/onblack.php?id=4338506312&amp;size=large&... (?)Utrolig bra! Knallfarger og en veldig flott komposisjon - den skal du ikke gjøre noe med :-)Veldig stilig bilde.
Veldig bra komposisjonen og knall farger.Kanskje litt enig med mortenprom i at lysningen på himmelen rundtløperen blir litt rar men uansett en favorittNydelig! Jeg digger komposisjonen. All luften rundt gjør bildet ekstra luftig og gir hvertfall meg en ekstra følelse av frihet. Veldig, veldig bra.

Jeg liker teknikken du har brukt for å sette fokus på skiløperen. Du har muligens brukt litt for mye av den, jeg ville kanskje tonet ned kontrasten, slik at effekten ikke blir like tydelig. Men uansett synes jeg det er et lurt trekk å fremheve skiløperen. Fargene er forresten knall.

En klar favoritt til denne ukas challenge.
--
Seen in Twitter Photochallenge #TwPhCh (?) og   : Som jeg kommenterte lenger opp er det ikke godt å vite hva som er for mye og hva som er for lite. Jeg syns bildet blir for flatt uten denne effekten - men hvis det blir for mye ser det gjerne kunstig ut. Jeg var i grunn ganske fornøyd med denne utgaven selv :)

: Jeg tror jeg gjør som Marion anbefaler - jeg lar det være som det er :)

Tusen takk for forslag, kritikk og kommentarer! :-) 
Thank you for comments and suggestions!WOAAAAH! It's fantastic.Ingen tvil om at ski er en fantastisk vinterhobby nei ;) Likte bildet ditt veldig godt, blir ofte veldig bra når personen på sky kommer seg på blå himmelbakgrunn som her! Likte også godt komposisjonen din her!Blir ikke forbløffet om jeg nå sitter og ser på ukevinneren, Kristian. Kort og greit veldig bra.fabulous!nicely composedvery nice &amp; excellent lighting, framing
&gt;&gt;EXCELLENT&lt;&lt;
Please add this photo to..
www.flickr.com/groups/_excellent/Amazing capture, and that sky is just incredible. Fabulous focus on this!Dette var knallbra!!! Flott farger og utrolig skarpt og fint! Liker utsnittet kjempegodt:) Syns lyset rundt skiløperen fungerer bra - nesten som om snøen som fyker opp når han hopper, forstøver seg videre oppover:)Fabulous shot! Wonderful action and very well timed. Excellent!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Perfect!Brilliant! The composition is excellent and the colour of that sky, superb.nice shot! great timing!excellent minimalistic shot with a wonderful blue sky!Wow!  Beautiful shot!Excellent ! great  jump!!!!!!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3228289...Wow! Stunning capture, love the colours they really pop!This ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well deserved frontpage explore!

Great capture!!!!Fantastic image!!!Really cool!!!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22661. 

Your all FP are listed here.very niceWooooooow! Det var et skikkelig kult bilde! :) :) :)Great shot, cool!Det ser tøft ut!congratulations! nice capture of the moment...

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]grandiosa capturawow !Just Great...

you are e hunter...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveninglove love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Brilliant!!! Great fun!brilliant shot - nice work.excellent blue!Wow!!! for your high!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called People &amp; Nature TOGETHER (add 1, rate or comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow, full fart! Jeg blir jo nesten litt skremt av svevet på denne siden av skjermen. :-)Gratulerer Kristian!!! Herlig følelse :-) Du ligger nå på 20. plass og det blir nok en del faves utover kvelden!!

FØLG UTVIKLINGEN UTOVER KVELDEN :-)This is really really really crazy gooooooood! Oh my god!!!!spectacular shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Tror alle, vi andre, i TwPhCh kan droppe å komme med bidrag. Hvis ikke dette bildet vinner, fatter og begriper ikke jeg. 
(så morsomt at du så og gjenkjente:) ): Hehe. Never say never! At et bilde er en selvskreven vinner har jeg både sett, tenkt og hørt før. Men - når avstemningen er i gang er det et helt annet bilde som klatrer til topps. The charm of TwPhCh :-)whoa...! what a great moment... such a perfect timing!Magnificent shot! What a moment. Beautiful blue sky n nice compo tooamazingly taken

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]wow that is amazingwow! That's great!Bravo!  The colors on this photo are so amazing, they make this photo really stand out.Great action shot!Superb capture!wow!!!!great captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Space &amp; Space, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Frío, hielo y nieve, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a striking image! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Great colours, sweet compo and good timing with lotsa action!

I agree with the people saying the &quot;lighten center&quot; is a bit strong. I think I would have tried just masking the skier and made just him a tad brighter, not a circle around him.dette er et flott bilde fylt av energi
gratulerer med FPVery Nice!sweet.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great shot, love it!Amazing blue!great use of negative spaceawesome. i love the colors. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Lovely photo, the tones and focus . Amazing.yay! I have the 320

:)woow!a thing of beauty.happy indeed! congratulations! :-)Ah! Beautiful.oh, yes.  congrats!!superb tones!stunning!(:

Yay! You have the cover + cold clip! woot!wow!  i can't wait to see what you crank out of this one!Woww!! beautiful photo (:Congrats. Very much looking forward to what you do with it.Fantastic shot! And congrats on the new purchase.Congrats!yay!!! you'll LOVE eeeet. i have the 420 as well, haven't used it yet. using my 100...again, yay!!Beautiful shot!  And beautiful camera!  I'm so jealous.Oooh lovely.yesssssssssssweet purchase, lovely photo.omg, so lucky!  What a find!It's gorgeous!!!sawwweet . can't wait to see your roids .I totally got a 340 auto land camera today for super cheap as well!
I'm excited to start using mine, as I'm sure you are.that is a thing of beauty!perfect! its beautiful!best innuendo everHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great, i have the same and it is fun to work with the 420!wow.. thats something newamazin'Fantastic congrats..!I'm loving mine ♥congrats! she's real pretty. :)so cute :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=6785524...Superb!!awesomeness!great conditionits beautiful, great condition!cool looking camera nice shotlovely soft feel to this.

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)niceWhoa!  What a wonderful purchase!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!This is so classy..awesome focusyou nailed this shot... BIG TIME

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Swoon, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome have fun with it!! :)Great pic! Enjoy your new toy.damn! this is uber cool :-D 
have fun with the new toy :-PBeautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.nicegreat cam!awesomeness!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Still Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!mmm wonderful!!!
OMG!
This is pretty awesome!eccoli i tuoi cuori!!!!!very sweetE' bellissima. E il collage ancora di + :)
Mi potresti dire cosa hai buttato dentro alla tazza per far venire quegli schizzi meravigliosi?Lucia : sei sicura che vuoi saperlo?? ahahahha è una lista infinita...allora ci ho buttato la pallina del mio gatto poi il metro poi un tappo di ferro poi i biscotti :D e alla fine ho capito che non era cio' che buttavo dentro a rendere gli schizzi perfetti ma quanto liquido ci mettevo lo devi riempire all'orlo e cosi' basta anche un semplice biscotto -.-° e potevo capirlo prima :D 

grazie a tutti per i commenti ma soprattutto ai consigli letti sulla discussione delle IGP su come realizzare questa foto.

Estellina : ovviamente la tazza è un regalo di mio marito dentro sul fondo ce' un bel cuoricione :DLike it ♥♥Ahahahah! Il metro.xD Sei davvero una grande. :)ahhah sono bellissime!! bravaa! =)Splashissimaaaaa!beautiful!Bellissime!!!complimenti&quot;!!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )wow!! bellissima nei commenti la quarta a partire da sinistra a destra !!
sei stata bravissima!! xkè tenè  venuta bene + di una!!
bei toni..... bel casino!! :DUccia è fantasticosissima!!! *_*
il latte, i cuori, i biscotti.... miiii piaceeeeeeeee!!! FAVFAVFAVFAV!!!Incredibly 'Stunning'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work!bravissima *_____________________*

sono tutte bellissime...credo la migliore è qlla a dx nella seconda fila del collageahahah ma che bellaaaaaaaa :)ahhaha ma che casino hai combinato!!bellissime wow:DSplendida!che figataaa!bellissimaaaa!!!!e adoro la tazza cuoriciosa!!♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tanti cuoricini, la tua passione!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥
Complimenti, è venuto davvero bene lo splash!!!questa è davvero stupendissima!!! bravaaaaa! favvo!:) io lo feci con l'acqua e un cubetto di ghiaccio!!!
molto belle queste,soprattutto la tonalità dei colori!Awesome!Waw! It's fantastic!Fantastica !La quarta nei commenti mi fa impazzire *_*è geniale!bellissima serie!!! :D
il difficile poi e' pulire!!! :D ;)wow uccia che bello, finalmente ti sei dilettata anche te nello splash ;D
e devo dire che ci sei riuscita benissimo!! un bacionemeraviglia !So cool!!! 

From: The Art of Photographyi love this picAmazing .!:)
great job :)looks too good....Wow this is cool!!wOw ♥Lovely work..
Congrats!
Explore.. ;)nice work - you treatment is as always fantastic :-)stupenda, hai decisamente una marcia in più!
Your picture was seen in ***L'Arte della Foto***
Aiutaci a promuovere ed espandere il gruppo
Please remember to add the tagArteDellaFotoreally a great work, I love it!

; 0 ) ) )wonderful

Seen on FluidrCreative, lovely colorsBeautiful photo, great idea!FAAV!:)niCEWooooo che splash :D :D Bellissime uccia :DExploreThx to All  :) for comment me

grazie a tutti per i commenti :°)


madò, fai dei colori bellissimi!!! :Dbellssima foto! mi piacciono più che altro i toni!* Excellent *Great! Must have been a mess afterwards.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Divina!Confessa, ti sei divertita come una pazza a scattare queste foto! Ti è servito l'ombrello? ;-)wooooooooooowI love this!Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?bellissima!!!!! ;)Lovely! 
Seen on explorebeautifully captured!


&#25885;&#24433;&#20154;&#22825;&#22530;(Post 1 Award 3)
Photographer ParadiseLove the look, fantastic shot!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato BAR PHOTO . Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Meravigliaaa!!!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Tiny Treasures. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Yummy!Love it! :)Some how this click doesnt look as if its staged . It looks like a golf ball just accidently fell into the cup of coffee !
Feel like yelling &quot; WATCH YOUR CAMARA MY FRIEND ! !&quot;:)

EXCELLENT EXPOSURE MY FRIEND ! Love the Composition and soft tones !
Congrats on Explore !
Have a great day my friend !Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8172851...It's a wonderful shot. You can view/download the FP screetshot of this shot here: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22693.excellent tones, wonderfully executed.Explore F.P ;)i love that mug! =)bene, è il momento della sintesi: devi provare a rifare questa www.flickr.com/photos/19887091@N00/3995741682/ ! :)thx to all im realy so happy  :D waoooooooooooo Front Page :D 


grazie a tutti per avermi commentato cosi' numerosi e di tutti i vostri complimenti


Fabio : noooooooooooooooooooooo ora mi tocca rifarlo per forza cioe' lo sai si che queste tipo di foto  sono contagiose?ora mio marito  mi dovra' fare di nuovo da cavia  :Pcomplimenti !
ma te lo merito tutto questo explore.
è una foto molto bella !

ma ho letto bene qui in alto? marito?! sei così giovane !!!grazie :D 

si si hai letto bene marito da un anno e il 25 febbraio facciamo 1 anno e 4 mesi i giorni piu' belli di tutta la mia vita :D se sapevo lo avrei sposato il gg dopo averlo conosciuto e non avrei aspettato 7 mesi :Pè un pensiero bellissimo quello che hai scritto..
sei fortunata e sono felice per te ! in fondo cosa c'è d più bello d due persone che si amano?! ^^
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Beh che dire, un capolavoro!! Complimenti, le tue tonalità sono da sogno!!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Love Things. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)wooow very very niceAn excellent wide-angle composition with gorgeous tones and reflections!  Great shot!Bhai jee,
      You r great.....!
I like this photo, especially DOF.wow lovelyLovely Wonderfule capture !bohat khobsorat ........Fantastic.....very nice Tyne view Imran,great work matey.great work..absolutely stunning clearity. with great reflections and composition..!
welldone job...!Beautiful shot..Superb shot! I love how the glittering horizon meets with the reflecting water, creating an interesting perspective.
Well done! :)Kia baat hai teri..... I love the clarity and the colours around especially the reflections in the water are just amazing.... Is boat main, main aur tum trip karin gy June  main... -:)This is a beauty. Very well composed and processed.You really got the timing perfect here... the sky is perfectly beautiful... and so are the reflections!! The only thing that troubles me a bit here is that the reflections are a bit brighter than the sky... which is never the case in reality.All the above - just spot on!

.

A Ramble with Amblebeautiful!  that water is like glass!Well captured , the clarity of the image is outstanding.What a gorgeous view, love the wonderful color tones, processing and reflections on the water! : )Just beautiful, I really love this ! So sharp and clear...gorgeous..Wonderful colors and reflection.the middle water brings the entire totally alive, so clean and sharp  :)Kia bat hai Imran Bhai G. Wondeful clarity and beautiful composition.Sweet picture Imran...Very fresh and sharp mate.nice clarity
stunning!preciosa...very nice night shot :-)Very nice...A wonderfull capture in all aspects.what a great pic here.....love the momentthere is so much to enjoy in this shot: the lead-in, vp, reflections, and the colours!nice shot...:)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Amazing reflex, great!love this compo with that boat in the foreground...
have a great week!Beautiful image. Great work.You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=7909485...Superb ............ crispness and colors are amazingVery nice shot.. Seen in Explore and FP!Really stunning image............................ great reflection.U mean aty ke chaki? 

Stunning as usual sir...Great shot.Thanks Everyone !

Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??beautifully done!great reflections. 
The water looks like silk

Seen on FluidrVery nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.a very calm beautiful scene!Amazing!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Silhouette Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing Shot!!A fabulous shot in the blue hour. Great!
_____________________
reply with darckr?Amazing night shot! Great exposure!

Seen on Fluidrlovely view!!Excellent compo!Wonderful night shot. colors tones and reflection are amazing here.Excellent capture.Beautiful shot.Beautiful blue hour shot, reflection is really nice.Lovely shot and great composition with a dreamy touch!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!congrats!  seen on the front page of explore!Wonderful... :-)niceI like this great night shot.Wow!!! what a beauty, wonderful view....wouaaa nice tone good job ; )Beautiful shot.  Instantly recognisable with the bridges in the background.  Great composition and lovely smooth tones.
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Great picture!stunning photo.....great image.....just beautifulsuperb reflection!Marrr dala,,, bohat he ala!!Beautiful.  I love the colors and the reflection.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bridges and Tunnels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Its just Bloody Amazing Man... ... You gona kill me soooooooooooooooooooon
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Rashi.Beautiful capture!This is so clean, clear and crisp! The exposure is just perfect!very niceJust brilliant!Beautiful evening shot.An excellent photo. I am impressed with the lighting all the way through the image. Congratulations.lovely long exposure shot ....fab location !!! ... the blue pops beautifully  :)I agree with karen...the blue POPS!Is he forlornly waiting for Thomas the Tank Engine? Thanks Karen.
 Thanks Linda... I am feeling better now, looking forward to receiving your parcel. ;o)
 Absolutely!!!This is absolutely brilliant, love it.beautifuloh great location... what a find... well done.sweet sweet sweetIndeed!  Blue and green lushness... on steroids.cool idea!so cool, such a great idea i'm going to forgive the wanton overuse of blue pixels (which you clearly do just to get at me :)Wow! Great location.I love this location ... I will find it one day :-) Let me know if you are up this way and I let you know where it is. ;o) Would I do that to you?hehe this is so cute!Wow awesome photo Alison 
What a cute kid, I  bet his father is a real looker. Can't argue with you on that. ;o)Beautiful image, color and location!  But the subject is a a complete sweetheart!Love the setting or seating.That is the old Helensburgh station i know i live in the towni like this photo thanks for sharingWonderful photography.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8751076...i love it, the contrast, the colour, the dof ... :)Excellent concept...awesome portrait. Bravo.A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22660very cute!!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]awesome colors!!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningnice.........................

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great image very well captured.Fabulous composition!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Absolutely beautiful---seen in Explore!remarkable!
 
Seen in Almost
Anything
Please tag your photo &quot;AlmostAnythingLove it!Such a cool shot!!! Wow if Tony finds this location I can see him tying up some poor model up on the tracks lolGood com^po with great colors!!! very gorgeous !!

 YOU ARE INVITED!! 

 

Your photo is a superb shot or has more 200 comments or 20 favorites so you have been invited to join and post your photo at Simply Your Best Photo...Thank you and enjoy it !!!Love this exposure... and of course the color.Precious! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!InTeNCidAD

You deserve the InTeNCidAD Award !!!
Thank you for sharing your photo !
&amp;Cute and lovely colour.
Very nice.awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )The blue goes so well with the saturated greens ... excellent.Very coolgreat composition!thats an awesome pic!awesome lighting man.really awesome! love the lights. the sky is fantastic!moody, well lit, love it!great toneawesome!terrible foto... 
todas están buenas...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Outstanding.  Love the lighting and composition.Cool shot!Awesome shot. Love the colouring of this image!really dig how this turned out. it's got such an epic setting and the light sort of just brushes past the subject. love it.Cool shot! =)Thanks for all the amazing comments, watch this space, more skate pics coming soon!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Visto en All beautiful shots and many more.

Todas las cosas son hermosas a los ojos sinceros. Cracking shot, well done.MAGNIFICA., ESPECTACULAR.....iGreat!Stunning - such great detail and light. 

but it looks FREEZING!!!Great shot Billy, quite a contrast from the title.such a nicely balanced composition (as always)

the foreground light is just quality..... another beauty Mr Csuperb composition and well exposedSuper shot, great pov, lovely light.Good stuff captain is that taken from the Sligachan bridge?lovely....beautiful winterscape ...love the white!
Well done and thanks for sharing!great capture

Seen in ClanFlickrScottish winter captured and displayed at its very best... Admire your dedication and consistency.Beautiful light,especially the foreground.Terrific shot.your welcome mate, orig post edited.I like the perspective of this image and the combination of the light reflected from the water and from the clouds.A stoater, Billy.snowball fight anyone!absolutely beautiful..like stepping into another world..ahhfantastic landscape, i love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called VosPlusBellesPhotos (Invite only) - P1/C1/Sweeper! , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This photo is fantastic! 
Good Sunday   
With my friendship
Don't forget the new challenge of  « Vos plus belles photos »
www.flickr.com/groups/vos_plus_belles_photos/discuss/7215...



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Awesome light. A beauty. Well captured.absolutely wonderful capture and awesome landscape!stunning shot, you really get right out there, this is amazingCool capture
A different point of view - for photographers 
great shot, love itYou have a lot of snow too
wonderful photoWhat a beautiful snow scene!Fantastic shot BillyNice light and contrast in the snow !Beautiful winter scene!!  Excellent work!

--
Seen in the group&quot;ClanFlickr&quot; (?)Superb shot Billyblack cuillins wearing white

gorgeous shotSpectacular, awe inspiring.Love the light on the snow and ice........... so beautiful!!This is a stunning winter landscape! I do not like cold ... but I would love to visit this site!!Magnificent!Maravilloso!!!!!!!!!!WOW! What an amazing winter landscape capture, gorgeous view, love it! : )Great composition and light - shows the detail throughout the scene perfectly.Wow, that looks cold! I love the light in this. Gorgeous against all that snow.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful winter image Billy!Superb shot!!Beautiful image Billy! It looks absolutely freezing. But I love the lighting.C'est superbe !Hate you Billy! (nothing personal like!) Wish I'd got that, ain't seen the Cuillin in snow!Amazing detail in the foreground, beautiful light.Nice light, beautiful landscapeWonderful imageVery Beautiful!Nice scene! Love the mountains in the distance.This is so beautiful. I especially liked the reflection on the icy lake:))An amazing landscape.. Global warming my butt! :PLovely composition, Billy!Do like the mists and sunlight on that peak.Very nice.Wonderfull icy landscape.so beautiful...:)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesome find and capture...you must have heaps of fun getting to all these different locations!Fresh! :) Great shot.Wow, superb snowscape.yep...that looks cold indeed!! Beautifully captured BillyStunning landscape - and beautifully captured! Thanks for sharing :)Beautiful icy Cuillin landscape.Gorgeous shot all roundNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Lovely winter image!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Makes me think of Iceland or the far north of Canada.. wonderful postcard shot especially with the catch of the light.Looks really cold, but very beautiful.Very beautiful landscape.Votre région est superbe ! et la photo vient bien la mettre en valeur.Wonderful work !
Congratulations.B E A U TI F U L !!!!!! Love the composition and lighting. Very nice work!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Superb.Stunning capture. Sky &amp; clouds are wonderfulSuch an amazing capture! :D Love the suns reflection in the water!!gorgeous!!..., wonderful!
Many compliments Billy.

Angelo.Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningLovely shot mate!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called °Landplage°, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain 
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 
Please share this piece of art with the other artists @

 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 

  

Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”

Please join the group!


--
Seen in someone's favorites. ( ?² )Brilliant capture, I know it must have been really cold to go outside for a shoot in such a weather !
Brave work with class !LOVE THIS WIDE ANGLE LANDSCAPE PHOTOGRAPHY FRIEND ! !
Excellent composition and exposure here !!
Love the reflection and tones too! The fast aperture has expanded the field to give a crisp focus through out the frame !
LOVE THE POV !!
Have a great day my friend !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 100+ Views Natural Landscapes *Post 1, Comment 1*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing photo!I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.Awesome shot!very beautifulPreciosa. Enhorabuena

--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Clear shot!Incredible image!Oh!!! This is beautiful my friend.


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so cold yet so inviting!!!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2367139...Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Beautiful shot. I love the soft tones and all that snow.Great lighting and composition... a perfect capture!Wonderful shot

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Billy.Another stunning shot Billy, cracker sir!!Wow, beautiful shotAn absolutely stunning shot - and this has definitely sealed my plans to get back up to Scotland as soon as possible.  A truly beautiful country, and you always capture it so well.Simply amazing, like the rest of your stream. You have some great photos.Marvelous imageLovely work, well captured.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!Very good capture! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

   oh wow!  Scotland really is beautiful, this really captures it.  Bravo!...es una compo muy cinematográfica, ...y que luz !

plas, plas, plas ( aplausos )Preciosa por la luz y por la composición. Me gusta mucho.aquesta llum que entra pel finestrot hipnotitza!Que buena como dice Raúl,buen domingo,petons Ali ;P
You are invited to add this image to
  
*BLACKartWHITE*
Post 1, Award 2La llum molt apamada. La compo m´agrada molt. I unaltre registre ben diferent, eh? ;)Ooooohh !!! ;)

es perfecta !!!!!!
 .. se de alguien que estará mega contento !!! :)

reverencia ... U'r the best :)Ostres! Jo haguès fet una foto només a la projecció de l'ombra de la cadira. Bestial!Bona!!!!
petonets!!!!Bonissima la composició !!
Excel.lent la llum !!
Bon diumenge,Piris !!Una altra favoritos!
Una composició excel·lent...Magnífica llum i composició!Una genialidad¡Olé...olé...y olé!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great.molt bona---enhorabonavery very cool !!!:)) Nice !Magistral !!
Bona tarda.Gran composicion Piris Me gusta mucho amigo
Un abrazointeresting elements brought together by the beautiful lightwow ....... I love scene ... great room and cinematic vibe !!
beautiful light and mysterious darks :))Mi-re-te'ls !!!!!!!!
Salutacions ................excelente !


Esa perra es NICA??Un trabajo con la luz realmente impecable. Un abrazo.que curiosa la escena, me imagino que serán amigos los dos que sinó.excelente!Es un gran danes? te un &quot;porte&quot; guapissim!!! la llum que entra per la finestra es fantastica.

salutacions.Quina llum !!!
Guapíssima!!!

salut :-)))Ui, aquests dos em sonen   ;)  genial!Preciosa!!! que buena luz y como la encuadras!!!!, me parece muy buena.Un lloc ple de &quot;fantasmes&quot; i no ho dic per la cadira precisament :PMagistral...narabona per l'explore))de peli de intriga... que iluminación más buena piris...Fantástica. Enhorabuena. La luz de esta foto es de genio.

--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Ole, ole que hem anat d'excursió!!!!
Bona compo.La localització d'aquesta és clarament indesxifrable... La categoria de la foto és clarament visible!guapisima piris,sembla treta d'alguna peli,salut.Nice!!Exploreeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!

escena, personatges, llum... de cine!!!
una abraçadaEstupenda escena, fantástica la llum ! ............. Salut !Si senyor, molt bona, m'agrada la composició la llum i el canvi de registre, bon treball xaval !!!!!

bona setmanaMagistral, Piris. Salutacions amic.Qué buena, Piris!!!
SaludosExcelente compo, amigo.,sembla treta d'un episodi d' escooby doo :DHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Thank you for these photos (Invited Photos) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.La llum es molt guapa!!
Gran composició ;)nice work 
SEEN IN *BLACKartWHITE*Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado INCOLORO y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Fantàstica!
m'agrada l'escena, però especialment el bon treball de llum i ombres.

Salut! ; )A mí em sembla més un detectiu pistola en mà, investigant...Great..!

Seen in INCOLOROMuy buena escena, y el blanco y negro le va como anillo al dedo. Un saludo y buena semana.Una molt bona genialitat.El llum i textures son fantàstics!
Ptons ;-)quin personatge i lloc més interessants !!!!Well captured

Foto vista su Passion Photography - Photo seen on Passion Photography
and please remember to tag this photo PassionPhotographyI just love this - it's so moody!quina llum!:)ja ja a veure només faig que veure aquesta nica en diferents galeries !!!!! i ara fins i tot he sembla que he vist al mestre dels haikus ;-))
MOLT BONA !!!!superb composition, light and blur are wonderfulMagnífica llum, m'agrada molt la composició. Hi ha un ambient realment interessant!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.bona escena i fantàstica llum en bin! sembla que estiguin ballant al voltant de la cadira (o estaven jugant al joc de la cadira? :D)

cada cop que la veig tinc la sensació que boss i goss estan descordinats... com canviats de pla :PHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado The owner and the dog   [ L'amo i el gos ] y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.que bona! aquesta silueta del gos entrant és inmillorable. La llum també és clarThis is gorgeous - love the tones.  I so wish we lived nearer the sea!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)ahhh I dont know what or why but this REALLY stood out in the feed for me. I love it!!!!!This is lovely.  Clouds are awesome!love this, its gorgeous.This is gorgeous, it would make a fab canvas.  The sky is great.this is gorgeous!Beautiful

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Perfect xLovely shot. Looks like a great beach too.This is lovely, really like itGorgeous!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous, sounds like a fab day &amp; fish and chips to finish off - yum.Beautiful

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)I love this!Love, love, love this!Beautiful colours in this. It feels really restful.I love this!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3348767...wow
this is a treasure


Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;This is so lovelyNice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Beautiful tones!beautiful pictureI adore this. I knew I was going to fave before I opened the thumbnail, now I want to fave 3 times! Gorgeous.

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot;. (?)Gorgeous shot, the light is beautiful. Sounds like such a lovely day too.Excellent, nice shot.Awesome work !
Congratulations.Amazing!BeautifulLove this, it's just great.Stunning SN! This has to go on your wall in some shape or form! (Where was it taken?)  FAB!This is beautiful, sounds like a lovely family day :) Congratulations on Explore!Thanks everyone for your very kind comments and favs. 

Pinkjay - It was taken at White Park Bay on the North Coast.I would say wonderfull. The use of elements and how they are placed together makes a fantastic comp. The processing is underlining the quality of this photograph. Congrats on Explore! Well deserved :)

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Amazing!Sounds fabulous.  I love this.Very nice tones and composition. Great work.

/S

Seen on FluidrThis is fab. Congrats on explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Youth Are United!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful moment. I like the tones here too.Excellent group shot! Great composition!Number 8 in Explore - absolutely fab! xGreat shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Woww! excellent photo (:Great shot, love the tones!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningI love backlight photo!
but this one is really great work!
the compo and the expressions are so greaaaat!

I have one too:

Beautiful atmosphere, perfectt family photo!amazingly doneHey *supernoodle*, Nice one ! and diserve to be in  Come and Join us! We are 7 already photographers. You may be choosed to tranform you qualities into cash!!! So don't hesitate! Nway dot OrgHi, I'm an admin for a group called Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Please join the group as well.stunning work
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!This is so utterly gorgeous! The tones are scrumptious. Such a fab family shot!what a fab family shot.  and well done on the front page!Que belanice tones!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called We Are Men, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome pic. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )So creative..!
well done.Love the colour combination on this one, top stuff as always!Thanks both! Just added some info and a question for you all in the info bit :)wow amazing detail! great shape tooWell, me being a newbie! I think what your doing is excellent. As far as editing, it's there to make great, even better. Thanks for sharing and all the tips!Thanks both :) 

And thanks Airbus! :)Great captureFocus is great...like the color of the drop splash, edited or notThank you both!wow, your droplet pictures are beautiful!Great shot, no problem with PP work, after all you are creating something of beauty, its only a step in the process
cheers Jacklooks great to me &amp; if a little PS work makes it even better, it's all good! :-)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Thanks all the comments! :)fantastic droplet!!Beautiful shot
weldoneTHanks you both!I do love the colour in this one Ash, and the way the splatter has come out is really great. love the lighting and angle still. But for some reason when viewed full size it seems to loose something.Love the splash and the color.  Everybody does some touchup to their pictures to enhance the beauty of the shot.  I think it looks good.
I have a rule for myself i go by and that is that the splash itself is the main thing and I never alter that part.Wow really wow .!!! 
That's stunning :D 
so perfect shot ;)
and the colors r amazing :)Vi: thank you for the comments, I agree, I think it does loose something on large :(

Corrie: Thanks a lot also for the comments :) I think you're right in that part, thank you!

No0ona: thank you also :)very coolawesome!! how could you do that?!Quelle qualité !THanks all!GRZ there is a &quot;how to&quot;, here:

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44174060@N04/4310241636/]what a mazing water mashroom!nice one! really good workThanks both!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Wow, thanks bogob! Thanks so much :)Amazing shot!!Wonderful macro with great details.great photo!
how do you do that?Thanks all :) 

yohpops, link to the set up a few comments above!wow!  that's sweet!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Thanks both!Fantastic Ash!!!! Another beautiful moment catured!!! The amazing thing is that you don't see this in real time!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks Dave :) yeh, that's why I love doing these sorts of pictures, of things you wouldn't normally see!

Thanks isabela :DGreat shot!Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 

No limits-Sin limite
Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2You got a Stunning form Here;)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Thanks all!incredible work...great job!impresionanteGreat work!Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Thank you all again :)so full of emotion. and love this song :)thank you
i love tegan and sara!i love this! great compostionoriginal.

so beautiful shot mia sara, great hair!awesome! great picture!my hands had more emotion in them but i didn't want them to be on top of my hair, but i should've found a way to show my hands more.
thanks for the constructive criticism!(shadowing in corner is natural lighting, no affect :) )this is so beautifulThe composition is wonderful!I love this, it shows a lot of emotion to me.nice shot !Awesome shot :Dnice photonice photoYou sure got back into my head. Glorious shots.

Ave it.............. .................‹(•¿•)›
..........View on explore.Stunning, absolutely love the B&amp;W version!Absolutely Gorgeous Mia!
Richardcongrats!! and this is sooo beautiful &lt;3i love this.
these types of photos are just so elegant to me.
great job!
congrats on the explore!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Lovely, expressive photo...congratulations on the &quot;Explore!!!&quot;All of those are too amazing for real words.
So I'll make up my own.
Awdedwa. -------- Hey, its a palyndrome too! :D
Amazing shots :)love the emotion !
delicately gorgeous!Wow, this is beautifulOh. My. Goodness. The emotion in this is incredible.ahhhh! amazing. seriously. gahh v4h98tuwoitgbeautiful! congrats on explore!this is so unbelievably beautiful. no words. amazing work.Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthHi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This remind's me on Jennifer's body. :) haha. i like the lighting. and tones.haha i'll take being compared to Megan Fox as a compliment :)Incredible!
love itThis is really amazing!  I like the pose and the wet hair!This is just perfect! Love the wet hairthis is fantastic. i like how the light is on your hair.
and congrats on explore. :]ohmy these are stunning!Beautifully composedthis is cool!Very stunning photograph! :)fantastic capture. great work of art. thanks for sharing my friend.

Wauw.This is crazy, I love it!!!beautiful!this is incredibly good...gorgeous (:cool! did you have your third hand taking the pic? nice idea!

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Quite impressive.  But your mother should have told you not to play with matches.

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Fiery

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)cool! like it :)

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)I'm happy to be proven wrong - I didn't think this would work

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Twisted fire starter

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Nice, definitely some movement there!

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)and extra points for proving Dayglo wrong ;-)

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Next time could you turn the text the right way up please. My monitor's come unplugged from being turned over.

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)congrats my friend

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)congrats on the win!

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)It's a cracking shot, no matter what everyone says...

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Yay for you, you pyromaniac!

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Good job, always knew your tendancies would get you somewhere one day

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Great work!Extremely hard to produce, beautifully done, nice work.Nice shot!!!Great shot.  Well done.  Can you explain your steps to produce.fantastic shot rob :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2764779...Congratulations on Front Page!!!



Our first Weekly Theme Thingy to achieve such a feat well done!Yay for you!Well done you !!!!!amazing! Nicely done!Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22663

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)wow, well done!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningWell done matey, very well deserved indeedy!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great strike!!!!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Front Page!!! Splendid! Congrats for a stonkingly creative idea that's great to look at too.  :-)what a mover!Bloody Hell - featured as well !!!  Nice one.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Weekly Themed Photography Group&quot; (?)AWW!I have made the same experience: cardboard is always good to keep them from chewing other things :-)Awwwwesome!So cute :)Gorgeous!Aww so cute! I have become step-mummy to some bunnies and they eat everything in the garden. No point planting anything!Lovely.....Let me out! :-)
cutelol that is hilariousThis is too funny.
Peek-a-boo !Peek-a-boo to you too, cutie pie!  Yeah, ours devour boxes like they're going out of style!Priceless!Way too sweet.. great captureAwesome MM,,,,,very funny too.hehe, sweet MMCute pic.Ha!  Love the image and the backstory.  Adorable bunny!Cute!adorable =)aw adorable!cute hole.. nice macro monday. love the detail on the fur here.. cute bunny!Thanks all, I told Tango she is in Explore, but she didn't seem to care much!Great concept and portrait Claire!
Congrats on Explore to you and Tango :))awww too cute! look at the nose, twitch twitch!So cute !!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.This is so cute. Well done.

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)too cute!!!Cute idea!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Great photoBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningLove it!!  Cutest MM!!Thanks!
Sorry, I'm really busy this evening (hence why I posted this yesterday) I will go through the MM pool tomorrow.So, so CUTE! Well done on the Explore!cute, cute, cute, just love thiscute MM. congrats on the explore :)Awwwwwwwwh this is soooooooooooo cute &lt;3Sweet shot and congrats on Explore!Superb, superb shot... love it...


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Super cute! And EXPLORED!! Congratulations!!!...just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2416874...ooo luv ur bunnies. used to have one the same color except he has a white nose. makes me want one now. they are such good petsCongrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22698

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)I had the same problem with my bunny. Only happy when chewing things apart ;) 
Great image!Sooo cute! Love it:-)awwso sweeet!!!Thanks all. Can't believe this made the front page of Explore!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Claire.oh..I missed it!  haha..this is so so cute, congrats on FP!!This is so cute.awwww! precious.Congrats on exploreThis is incredible! Such an adorable capture. Great work!

Sarah Allen
(my creative writing blog)what a funny idea! I really love this shot! Congrats on explore!love &lt;3 :)i loove this the contrast i beautifulAwh &lt;3 the tones are superb!Perfect!nice.The tones are perfect!i love the anonymity to thisThe crop is perfect&amp; I love the low saturationLove the muted colors :-)love the tones and crop :)The tones are amazing.the tones!i love these tones so muchSimply amazing!
Love the tones lot!pretty tonesLOVE the tones in this. Brilliant photo :) xCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2337380...Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!It seems like with this shot that it isn't set up rather he is just showing you a song that he just came up with. Well done.I like the vintage feel.this is quite wonderful
the composition is greatA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...tones!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningBeautiful tones

Love itnice one, great shot!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!i love the processing and composition. the vintage-y tones are amazing.
congrats on explore and front page! :)your stream is quite the inspiration to me (:Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a man alone is always in pleasant company, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lazy!:)Another great shot!かわいいですね　：）
f/１．２はフォーカスの範囲が狭くてきれいです!ポーズが可愛いですね～。
それにしてもボケが美しい～！Beautiful cat. Sehr niedlich. &lt;3Nice DoF!beautiful, great focus Seen on
Cat Portraits
Aw...やわらかい日差しが気持ちよさそうです。Very great portrait !great pov... excellent portrait!!!!so sweet!かわいいですなあ....　　＾＾ねこは人間より暖かい場所を見つけるのが得意ですよね^^Sweet!Amazing focus!!!!!Incredible light and wow--furry bokeh!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Excellent!!
ENJOYED IN : 

 Super Macro Photography
Please Invite Other photos Too!cutenessaww, cute!!Very nice and cute cat!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Adorable !Fantastic!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cat's Meawww*Post 1 award 3~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so regal... amazing!A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Aniamls are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Woww love cat (LLLLLLL)aw so prettyawwwwwwww... very cute!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]Very cute!good shot!!!!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningCute!! Wonderful shot.Lovely cat........superb DOF!great focus
:)sweet cat!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)great cat portrait!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]lovely fur baby :)JgkamdjMujiMjgjawww soo cutewonderful~Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=9063866...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22703so sweet!Amazing and silky bokeh.nice
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'! Takumi.Simply superb.Very good capture! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Excelente!!!Great shotsweet...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lol. really cool. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )simply superbWhoa.amazing amazing!
love the flarewowIt's pretty neat when someone can intentionally use an effect from the lens that many other people would perceive only as a &quot;flaw&quot;. Very cool shot.Love this. Well composed and love the light breaking through the subject's hair.Awesome. Love the title.Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Can I please blog this?

nrp.tumblr.com[http://www.flickr.com/photos/philo-graphy/]
Yeah sure. Send me a link and i'll read it and spread it around for you as well :)Thank you : nrp.tumblr.com/post/379346932/noctf1-0[http://www.flickr.com/photos/philo-graphy/]

there is no s in jliuphotography.com

heh but thanks very much for having me in your blog!corrected! solid photostream you havethanks you have a better one! i started following your stream first ;)Perfect...Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.This is wonderful.Wonderfull! And a very consistent and beautiful
photostream too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Light Concept, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great flareLove the use of DOF, bokeh and flare. Great shot.Beautiful.beautiful indeed... great flare...Sweet shot. Nice MM.Great lighting.orange planets again, te gek man! :-)Like totally......awesome   :)
Your playing around made a great photo.Love this.  The light and concept are spot on.  Stellar MM.very colorful.. Reminds me of a different time in my life.. thank youamazing tonesawesome color tones here and cool crazy bokeh! nice macro mondayAmazing light.Stunning work. Best &quot;straw&quot; shot ever seenLove this - the warm colours - and the abstractness (can you say that???)

Instant fave!!!!Yep, hij is mooi (had ' gisterenavond al even bekeken voordat ik mijn bed indook :)Precioso abstracto. Muy buen trabajo.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Wicked shot!!  Very creative! A great MM!Wow thats very nice, the lighting, the thin line of DOF and the blurry bokeh in orange! Happy MM::: great MM :::Fantastic colour and texture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Just love it! beautiful warm colors and lovely bokehI wanted to be yr 100th visitor. beautiful pic. I am impressed.Brilliant!I missed this one the first time. Great image! Congrats on Explore!This is a great MM, nad congrats on explore!This really stands out from the crowd - a real eyecatcher! Congrats on Explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Light Concept, and we'd love to have this added to the group!thanks for all the wonderfull comments, faves and invite!AmazingPrecious! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.this is an interesting shot
well doneCongrats on explorethis lighting is so perfect.i love this!! and i am soooo jealous of your aperture!!! lucky!!





FIRST ONE IN COMMENTS!! :D
&lt;33333lovee the lightingThe are so beautiful.  The first one in comments. The best. &lt;3All of these are absolutely amazing!!! &lt;33love thelighting and bokeh!lovely. i love the 2nd and 4th in commentsahhh this is lovely, and I love 2 and 4so colorful and bright :)this makes me smile :D these colors are so summery and happy!holllllyyyyy cooooow,
this is incredible.
as are the first and third in colors.
hell to the yes. (:this is very great. 
i love the sun light! 
i wish it like that here :(woah! i love the concept. truly beautiful=]
is that glitter in the first in comments? amazing.
i also reallllly love the 2nd in comments.
great job=]ahhhhhh this is magicalmhm it's glitter :) it was a failed attempt to make glitter bokeh, haha, i couldn't get the focus right and i ran out of glitter before we got it
but thanks!Wonderful !
first and last in comments are great
this must explore
great lighting too :)Oh my gosh I love them all, perfect concept!
The 1st and 2nd and and 3rd in comments are my faves!! &lt;3i love all of these! they're so beautiful! i like 2,3,and 4 in the comment!I love 1, 3, and 4 in comments!
These are all so great, and I'm glad you're back
Your stuff always impresses me
The light in her hair is great, along with that rainbow :)you seriously have improved so much3rd in the comments is my faveee
youre pretty much the best photographer everthe light and tones and bokeh... aaah, this is so beautiful!abigail, thank you! that means a lot because i'm really really trying aha
and thank you all of you :)the lighting fits so well with the painting, beaaaautiful!I love the first one in comments with the glitter.well done!
the solar highlights are just absolutely breath takingthis is so amazzingggOh my god.
The colours and everything are so amazingly stunning.
Every single one of them are so beautifulthis is really gorgeous, it looks amazing on large! you found some wonderful lightthis is awesome!beautiful lighting!beautiful lighting, beautiful colours, beautiful shots!Wow, you're brave!oh wwwwwwooooooowwwww. just wow! 
wow mallory. WOW~!Great lighting.
Nice idea.
This is amazing!Beautiful!!!This is absolutely amazing. I'm jealous!so good! the lighting and gitter are awesome. great redothis is beauuuutiful. first in comments and last in comments are the best outtakes. they're all so wonderful i cant pick one favorite!i love the first in comments. why are you so amazing.mallory :)
we missed you.
these are so freaking amazing.
love the second one in the comments &lt;3this is so so incredible, the light the message, everything!this is so, so goodOH. MY. GOODNESS.
this is so amazing
the colors, the lighting, the idea.
wow wow wowoh my god i love these soo much.yessss!Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3367337...mallory this is so so amazing!
beautifully creative idea, and the light is amazing :)This
is
amazing.
The sun flare is awesome.
And the painting on her back is just incredible.the colors are amazing.
all of your photos are breathtaking&lt;3Lovely shot Mallory..........wow. this is so creative and meaningful!
the light is killer too :Dinstant fave. 
these are amazing.FAVORITE EVERRRRR
really really really love the rainbow-ish-ness. lolThe light in all of these is amazing. And such a wonderful creative idea.i like the last one. that sunlight.. 
really creative, love all the colors.Brilliant take my friend !!! excellent light and beautiful execution of an awesome idea... Instant FAV !!!Aww wow...this is so beautiful. Love the colors and light.this is simply amazingI LOVE that!!!

Explore Front Page too!lovely....

Seen in Explorewow!coolwow .!! Amazing job! 
The lights r so beautiful :) 
and the colors r awesome :)fabulous..love the colors..bokeh..exposure..YAAAAAAAAAY!!!!
beautiful as always :DThis is very creative !! :D I like the original upload the most :)

Beautiful work :D Keep it up :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!quite inspiring photo. Nice combo, nice lightning and great idea :)

Good job maluhre :)Really worth a look! This is a real study in composure, colors, lines and use of shapes. The lighting is fabolous too! The content - the history - is remarkable - this really brings some emotions up to the surface. This is a one of a kind photograph! 

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/mallory, the colors are fabulous! wow!these are so incredible!!OH GOD&lt;3Wow, amazing.Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Incredible!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...love them all but specaily that first one in the comments.. the nails are great thereExplore~ 
Explore~Wow this is gorgeous :)Congrats!FP exploremuy bello!!
saludosso. ummm. you're awesome.
just sayin.

and this is fantasticc.Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningthis is amazing. it looks like you're half dressed.Beautiful!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!mallory 
we missed you.
these are so freaking amazing.
love the second one in the comments &lt;3
Have a sensational Monday!
--
Seen on Ansazgreat shot, everyone of these is amazingAmazing capture!wow great job on explore!
i love the painted back.
and the lighting.
and the bokeh.
agh you're so good.So creative... something on this set of photos made remind Woodstock... And I love this excellent flare control!!! How sweetGreat!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]a well deserved explore - 97 images up and you already have lots of Explores.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called **Over the Excellence** (INVITE only - add1/com1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

compliments fantsatic.. genial.. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so very beautiful :)every time i see a new upload from you i'm so wowed, you're amazing!
your lighting is perfect, and this is so creative. 
love it :]Awesome lightsof course it got front page, it's gorgeous !!!
the bokeh &amp; lighting &amp; suuuuch a good idea.
great job ((:brilliant!A truly fantastic image, great composition and timing here. Very nicely shot!


--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)awww

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]wow, this is just magical. Beautiful!as always, your work inspires me.love this!

and I really like two and three in comments!

congrats on front page :)))))Very creative!

Great photo!this is amazing!this is amazing! i love all the pictures :)this is gorgeous! i absolutely love the colours, and i like the concept in this tooamazinggggPretty set :~DMallory, it's about time! &lt;3 I love the first one in comments. But the one you chose is so beautiful. Congrats on the front page beautiful! :Dwow this is so beautiful there arent even words for it mallory!! so glad i know your name now haha :) this is amazing work and i love it the second time around too.This lighting is SO gorgeous!Fantastic IdeaThis is amazing, especuially the lighting.

I would never do that because someone would def see me in the first 5 minutes and call the police.two and three are my favorites in comments (:


Great job!this is stunning! ohmygosh.
the main and third in comments are my faves.
:) &lt;3I'm so jealous of you... but congratulations  great pictures!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastic idea !
love all the colors and #1 in the comments is beautiful !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cream Fog Tone, and we'd love to have this added to the group!they do hypnotize, yes, and a perfect secretary look :)hehe ;) xwow i really like it babe x if i was the employer i would obviously give you the job without asking you any questions :L ;)I think you pulled off exactly what you were going for. I love the shirt and the hair keeps you being you even if you are wearing your mom's shirt. Let us know if it gets you a job, I'm betting it would!Classic pose and you pulled if off perfectly!very nice shot !green_valkyrie, i hope so. havent gone for one yet :P im only a studen!

tony, thanks babe. i was hoping for this init :)

ichigo, thanks again; everyone ♥im liking the green tint to the photo, suits the subject very well.
Looking gorgeous and definately get the job :-pvery cool!ahh, your beautiful the blue pops!thanks so much guys ^_____^wonderful shot! great!

--
Seen in some comments. (?)nice secretary ;) good luck for job!!!love the tones. :)Great pic!Hehe thanks everyone :)very nicely done jay, great pose and i'm loving the tones, superb effortEeeeeeeee I'm so happy Ross :D xx thanks babe, so much. I always llove your comments :-)i like how the stripes look. a lot.remarkable image

-
What a &quot;Damn cool&quot; shot!!!
:::::: Danke vielmals! ::::::::: _Thank you very much indeed! ::::::: _muchas gracias! :::: Mil agradecimentos :::: 1000&#33268;&#35874; ::::
::: &#1041;&#1086;&#1083;&#1100;&#1096;&#1086;&#1077; &#1089;&#1087;&#1072;&#1089;&#1080;&#1073;&#1086; ::: &#1588;&#1603;&#1585;&#1575;! ::::Mille Grazie :::_ Merci beaucoup ! &#26085;&#26412;&#35486;):
I saw this in Damn Cool Photographers in the WorldReally worth a look! This is a real study in composure, colors, lines and use of shapes. The lighting is fabolous too! The content - the history - is remarkable - this really brings some emotions up to the surface. This is a one of a kind photograph! 

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Pretty :)congrats on making front page explore ;-)thankyou hunni ^_^A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good evening
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!coolNice...saw it on the front page!congrats on the explore! Thats teamwork for you!
**Does a funky lil dance to celebrate**This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore. 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!  JO.LOvely looking secretary ! ;-)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )thankyou all xyou look just like a friend of mineCool shotimpresionante!!!Awesome shot, love the detail.I liking this a lot!Cor. Nicely done, and nicely different to Jon's too.ha! i know im not going to win this weeks now lol :D you better start thinking up another theme!load of crap ;-)

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)I thought this was a spool at first.  It's not.  Um......

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Awesome angle and shot - but weren't you the one that came up with &quot;movement&quot; ;-)

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)alright ,I like it

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Weird perspective on this. That curling ramp looks far too steep to be safe. Very cool. (Shame about the borders.)

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Nice shot and anglr, shame the trails weren't stronger though

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Cool sweep to the road and like the idea of the cars moving from the lights

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)where is this taken? nice exposure too

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)Pretty epic in it's own right :-)
Ta for the nod.Oooh, swirly. Nice.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Superb shot!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Fantastic shot. BUT (and I hate to be so picky Mr D... but then I so rarely get the chance to pick holes in your stuff), for the theme of 'movement' it doesn't really come over - you can't really see the light trails (I'm ignoring the lovely 'swoosh' made by the curves of the ramps).

Great shot, though, as usual.  Bastard!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Weekly Themed Photography Group&quot; (?)now that reminds me how sick i feel when going into this car park - nice shot though ;)Great shot, the light is perfect!Wow ! Nice place ! :-)

Seen on Fluidr    Thank you very much.
 Cheers Mark - appreciated.
 cheers Jeni - quite quite enough Movement I don't think!
 oh no.....  I hope there's more to come......
 the 10-20mm lens does wonderful things to perspective on buildings
 I agree - hardly anyone about at 6pm on a Sunday it seems - can't think why.
 cheers - its a good vantage point.
 Arndale Carpark looking towards Shudehill
 Cheers Jon - that pic of yours was one of the first I saw on flickr - been meaning to try something there for ages.
 cheers
  thanks
 from a 'Movement' point of view - you're quite right, those light trails I was hoping for just never came - and it was cold so i tried something else and shoe-horned it in regardless.  Glad you like the image though!
 I can go round it even faster now!
 cheersgreat - i look forward to it!i took photos of this carpark formy photography project, its interested seeing how other people use the sane subject but edit and take the photo differenly. 


i ike your photo alot
:DFabulous shot, great lighting. Outstanding on today's explore pages.Super organic for something made out of concrete. I love it!Excellent capture, good lighting!This looks gorgeous, wonderful exposure !!!excellent long exposure!Superb Mr D!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]This is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.This is a great shot, I love how it feels just so wide.This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeAnd what a wish it is when we get to go to WDW.
GREAT SHOT !!!!!!! Fantastic.Awesome shot Matt...you'd never know you were freezing your butt off when you took this beauty. :-)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Postcard perfect!!Just Wonderful! Great work!good shot, cool captureSuperb capture of magic!WOW! x1 million! This is amazing. You have a great knack for capturing the fireworks.Gorgeous! The colors are stunning.Really stunning!Wowzers!  I was getting ready to post a fireworks shot as well...  but now I'm not sure if I will.Yes, that'll be a fave!I remember you showing me this on your LCD inside Casey's, and I said I liked how you composed this tightly. It definitely worked out, and really makes the viewer want to know what is happening outside the frame.I agree, I've seen a lot of wide shots of this part of the show (mine included) but I think the tight crop is great.Gorgeous Matt!If you took this where I think you did, this is my favorite location for shooting Wishes.  This &quot;battle&quot; for the fireworks crown back and forth with you and Cory really is amusing!  I think you just gave yourself the upper hand.  Tack sharp here. 

Cory, your retort?

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Your pictures amaze me.Tom, I never took claim of the crown. Matt has been trying to hand it over to me. Maybe he feels that at his ripe old age, his time is almost up. Sort of like the Brett Favre or Kurt Warner of fireworks shots. Now it's back to the lab to edit some fireworks shots from this same night.Well done!  This is one awesome shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 5 Star Disney (Invited Photos Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Absolutely gorgeous.Wonderful colour! Love the silhouette of the Walt-Mickey statue in the centre!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Fantastic!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Disney Castles and Fireworks, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is truly magical!!is this the actual capture of did you crop this to the current propertions?Wow Matt!  This is striking!  Instant FAVE!!excellent shot!Well composed and beautifully captured my friend!!!
Please add your wonderful photo to:
Wow!  Excellent shot Matt!Congrats again on explore. Great work.Magical shot!!!! Perfect photo, congratulations!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wonderful composition in the back! great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Amazing! Brilliant tight crop and fantastic firework streams.So wonderful and a real joy to see!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Applauding Talent Around the World, and we'd love to have this added to the group!amazing!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Crème de la Crème/Cream of the cream, and we'd love to have this added to the group!The tight compo really works well and gives this a sort of abstract effect. You couldn't have timed this any better, it's spot-on perfect.


Applauding Talent Around the WorldA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...beautiful...

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]This is a masterpiece work mate.............seen in explore !
WELL DONE !!!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningwhat a magical shot - congratulations.I like this great night shot.Magical shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]The feathering on those bursts is just spectacular.  That and the fact that the partners statue is perfectly framed against the lights of the carousel without being blown out, framed perfectly against the castle entrance....what an amazing shot.  Great job with this, Matt!stunning capture !This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.que bonitooooooooooooo me encantaaa!!! pedazo de capturaOh...so this is out my shots should have looked!  LOL.  Incredible shot!Great shot well done ,This is great.....and like Digital SLG said, it was brrrrrrrrrr cold. So, double stars for this one :)Stellar, Epic, Incredible shot. Love the tight feel you got with the 50mm, the king is back on top.I love your photo!  I just started a new group and would love for you to join!

www.flickr.com/groups/disneypostcard/Wonderfull!!!Names of Konomi, Kotoha and Katsufumi have not enrolled on the program of Miyako Odori.
Mamechika appears as Hikae of tea ceremony.
Yasuha is the most senior Maiko now, and she decided to quit as Maiko.She is really beautiful. I like the details of the picture.
I'm so sad that Kotoha and Konomi retire :( It seems so unrealistic, I've watched their progress for years.seriously sweet shot.WHUT! Yasuha??? :(
And with all these other geiko, especially Kotoha... they're really decided now.

&gt;.&gt;

-------
Keiko's always sweet in every shot. :):O thank you for the news Onihide.

and i thought Yasuha would become a geiko. the others aren't a surprise, it was announced a couple of weeks ago.What, won't I see Yasuha as a geiko? Will she wear sakko?
I imagine when maiko and geiko perform hiki iwai. Do you know onihide?WHAAAAAAA? Yasuha said that her erikae was going to be in May! :(

It's nice to see that Wakana will still be in the Miyako Odori this year before she leaves. And Chika-chan will be in it too :D!I was expecting Yasuha's erikae this year too... so sad T-Tack...sad to hear about Yasuha.   I love her face!It's a good thing there are so many new faces in the Tama okiya, with all these quitting: Kotoha, Yasuha, probably Wakana... most of whom I enjoyed hearing about. I hope Tsuruha will decide to stay, she's always smiling and seems to enjoy herself. What about Mameteru?I'm so surprised :O she told me her erikae would be in may ;___;How's the mathematics going?  Are there more people joining than leaving - or the reverse?  Good grief, are all my drawings going to be of ex-maiko?I'd say it's around even for coming/going. It's good that a lot of girls are still interested in becoming maiko or else the numbers would look really bad @_@

Julie: You've also drawn Mamechiho, Fukuhina, Tsuruha and Katsuyuki and they're still working :DAnd thank goodness, MissMyloko.  May they continue for years and years.  And may new girls continue to come...Miharu, Sakiko and Mameyuri are all still working too :D!

Maybe you should draw Chika-chan when she debuts? :D赤い唇の感じがいいですね。
先日散歩中に２枚だけ舞妓さんを撮影しました。oh yes!!!
your flicks is Amazing!!!!
very nice photos,perfect friend!

Greats works!MissMyloko, I would love to draw Chika-chan's debut.  I won't be in Kyoto until mid April though so will miss this.  As I only go for a short time twice per year and I never know what is happening, whoever I DO see is pure pure luck.  Like, Mamechiho's erikae, I just stumbled upon it.  My guardian angel must have guided me.That's very sad, I was so sure too for Yasuha's erikae...a beauty unparalleled.Oh no, not Yasuha ﾟдﾟ
I was very much looking forward to seeing her as a geiko.this is nice thanks 4 sharingExcellent portrait picture !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Oracle of Photographic Excellence (Admin Invite Only)+25 Fav, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Best of Flickr (admin invited), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ImagePoetry-ImagePoésie / ADMIN INVITE ONLY / +15f, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Mona Lisa Smile (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!So Yasuha will be retiring, not even going thru her Erikae.
Wakana &amp; Katsugiku [both of whom have said they decided to retired]
will be performing in the Miyako Odori.
+ to top it off, we will be having a new MAMECHIKA in Gion Kobu.Wakana won't be leaving until the end of May so that's plenty of time to perform in the odori in April. Her first and only odori as a geiko though :(beautiful, the costume and makeup!!!
This is a beautiful picture. Very well done. :)Gorgeous portrait, congrats from Argentina!Very nice portrait!

Ciao
AndyWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.This wonderful poetic gem was seen in:


ImagePoetry - ImagePoésie!
Please Tag Image &quot;ImagePoetry&quot;
Seen in the group&quot;ImagePoetry-ImagePoésie / ADMIN INVITE ONLY / +15f&quot; (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Genie's Portrait World ~ by Admin Invitation Post 1 - Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

A photo of Photographic Excellence!
This excellent photo was seen in

THE ORACLE of PHOTOGRAPHIC EXCELLENCEDear Onihide,

Sorry for the hard comment, but the focus is missed on that one : the left eye and back of the head are in focus, but the right one is not and it is very obvious to me ...  not a keeper for me on a technical standpoint

AlainThanks everyone for your nice comments, favs and awards.

@alaindavreux
Yes, I recognize it.
Thanks....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 
From a fan of Genie's Portrait World
This wonderful image deserves a Genie's Portrait World Award Gorgeous!  I have absolutely no idea what it is, but it is gorgeous!Great idea, and great shot! How many shots did it take to get this one?Simply gorgeous. Great work Joey. Seen on POTN.Lovely work once again Joey.very pretty :) lovely lovelyBut Joey, you don't shoot flowers ;)I love this joey, the colors, the lighting, everything.Wow...!This is truly excellent Joey.  I like a lot of your work.  Nice concept and extremely well executed.ayumi's song is beautiful, this photo is so beautiful tooI really love this picture You are invited to add this photo in 



 The largest group in the world.
Please tag your picture with &quot;The largest group in the world.&quot;So fun! Great shot!!This is crazy.Love this! Thank you for showing us how you shot it too :)That's really great! 

--
Seen in your Project 365 set. (?)Brilliant work Lee, makes me feel like I've been shot from a catapult love it Mate!love it! reminds me of running and jumping on the back of the trolleys when i was a kid! im still partial to it. good; different subject!Excellent movement Lee. Nice shotWicked shot Lee, great colour toolol! great idea and shot!I've thought of doing a shot like this, but with my daughter in the seat.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Thanks to everyone who has looked, commented, and faved. Not often I get Explored so it's always a pleasant surprise! :o)This is too funny!  It reminds me of a lot of the crazy shoppers out there on a mission to find whatever it is that they need.  :)That's awesome.  Very creative.Brilliant idea!!Awesome! i love doing these kinds of shots myself. You using a gorillapod for these?

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Shenanigans in Japan ]Super!!! Hi Pete, the camera was mounted on the shopping trolley handle using a Manfrotto Super Clamp and the ball head from my tripod.Thats excellent!! Love it!This is fantastic. I feel like I am moving at warp speed. Love the colors.favourite!something new,i like thatThis makes me feel like I'm moving every time I look at it.  Congrats on the Explore.Very nice idea!

Ciao,
Andyfantastic. brilliant idea.Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthAwesome!

Very creative!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great work!Fantastic.Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.I love itVery original !
The speed blur effect is just amazing !awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Great idea and brilliant execution.Great idea!!! Great shot!!!I'm going to try this the next time I'm in the supermarket!!!great idea!Silver ink !..........perfect !   Oh, how creative you are .: ) : )..one smile for each of you! Thank you so much....thats amazing ;DThank you Lauren  : )Another fave of your my Dear.

;)Hi Mel : )...thanx!Beautiful.: )....thank you!This is so lovely!!!! inst fav!Great idea!!Thank you both : )A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Thank you very much for all your nice comments and for letting me know about Explore! : )Very cool idea!  Congrats on Explore!Thank you : )so pretty! love it. :)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Thank you all very very much! : )
I just want to say here, that this picture, is hardly edited, with the only exception of adding some light  ( exposure ) and contrast to it using Lightroom....I feel a little uncomfortable accepting comments about my technical abilities, coz for now I consider them to be limited... but again:
Thank you all SO much!

It was a great sunny moment  this Sunday morning, noticed how nice the tulips reflected on the mirror and took  picture focusing on it.

Mostly happy that thoughts on Love are shared through this.
A nice day to all......: )such a beautiful shot.. love the idea of the mirrors... i want one too :)Thanx *ChRiSeDa*...it's easily made : )This is so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore....: )LOVE it!!! :))
what a great idea!! I would love to do the same but with posca pens, and then wash and write a different thing, other day with other moodHi : ) ! Thank you!!
...your flexible idea is very nice, too! 
We do something similar with the blackboards on the kitchen cupboards...there, we write current and spontaneous things. 
The Love thoughts though are ones I like to see, read and be reminded of daily, as they are very important. So, it's ok that they are permanent. 
They can still be erased and rewritten when a change is to be made : )i like how soft it is.What a fantastic idea!Thank you all for your nice, kind  comments! 
Remeber it's easy to make if you like it : )love the hat! gorgeous picturei love this.
very nicely doneall your pictures are phenominal
ilovethem*sandyyyy this is so beautiful!omfg this is amazing!
i just found your stream today, but im totally gasped in amazement!
really! i adore youwoww this is AMAZINGGGBei  colori  e  bella atmosfera.the colours are gorgeous!love the hat and the colours:)jacked^ haha that made me laugh

I love the colors and focus, and everything about this, really XD  Wasn't it cold though? :OOlove this!!VOLDY- my camera broke so for 365 i'm uploading old pictures, this is from fall.

BUT GUESS WHAT FLICKR WORLD I GOT A NEW ONE FO FREEEEE YES[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sandyhonig/] yeah I read that your camera broke, and I figured this was from fall, but I'd still be cold haha. But that's just me I guess XD

FOR FREEEEEEE? LUCKYYYYah, this is gorgeous! i love this so so much!I LOVE THIS &lt;3this is so so so so perfect!Love the colors, and hat..makes me think of the Lovely BonesSo wonderful :)woah, the colors and bokeh - fantastic!thanks 4 sharingAmazing.oMG!!! there are no words... there are just no words...this photo is SO amazing. i love it. the colors, oh my gosh its so great!nice photoBeautiful!sandy! this is so gorgeoussss!i lovelove the colors! so gorgeous, i'm in loveCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3285227...Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Wow..This photo is the beautiful:)


SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST IN by The Admin considered. 

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Have a nice day and be happy:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNEcQS4tXgQ&amp;feature=rec-LGOUT...
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!this reminds me of the lovely bones.do you even realize how GORGEOUS this is?Glorious!the movement in this is divine, and funny that someone else said it reminded them of the lovely bones as it did for me too.great!!wonderful shotthats such an awesome shot! super creative and beautiful! :)Great shot..
Lovely....grandiosa !! Ciao ... :)wow guillemet.
què xula!excellent shot, well doneBravo my friend, great work!bravo!!! excellent photo, it is a great result!!superb image
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )very cool!Un gran treball.... molt bona!!I don't like tea but I love this shot!
Great work :)this is gorgeous! Congrats! :)uala! Quina passada :D Està super ben processadael fum es com un univers, com un teatre d'ombres...preciosaThis is good, real good and beautiful
well donegreat photostream, love your work!Very nice work, great colors and POV, nice.V.Niceeeee shotGreat Image !!!!!Un gran efecto.Muy bonita, con un tremendo contraste cromático.superbGuapísima !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Que tengas una buena semana.Fantastic work !  Very cool..Magnífica!!!qe xulaaaaaaaaaamolt xula


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/75732956@N00/3675029865/]

Preciosa! Una imatge de profesional! Una composició fantàstica!excel·lent treball !!!!Brilliant work!I'd much rather look at this one than drink it!  (I wouldn't be surprised to find that the steam is really smoke.)Stunning!amaaaaaazing photo 
very very great 
keep it up until the top
comment plz
 This is beautiful...well done!WoooooW! this is just brilliant!
congrats on explore.LOVE everything i see here!www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)Creative and effective - love that bright red, especially against the black.  Congrats on Explore!Un beau montage...bravo!

Passez une belle semaine ! amitiésBuen montaje, quedan perfectas las dos imágenes.

EnhorabuenaAwesome work !
Congratulations.congratulations!This is absolutely striking !!! 

You did an excellent job here ... congrats on Explore!Awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art-Digital *Invite Only* P- 1 C-3 , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Buen trabajo, saludosLooks inviting.  Fabulous image and congrats on Explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Precios!!!! bodego, molt ben tractat, excelente!!!! imatge!!.SalutWow! This is so awesome! Great capture :DOh wow!!!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...hey, nice composition! very effective..

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]Una excelente foto, felicidadesBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningWoww! Es genial, me gusta el rojo sobre ese fondo negro, y sobre todo el humo que sale de la taza...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow
very nicemolt bon treball!Very nice work!a big slice of brilliance... 
so nicely done...very nice workgood idea!Φοβερη δουλεια Κωστα !!
Αντωνης
--Always! 
Great shot too.mmmmhhh... xuuuculata calenta :$
M'agrada molt (:

un petó!great processing.. Nice shot.. Thanks for visiting my stream!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot!Excelente fotografía =)
Vista en – Seen in 

NO LIMITS – SIN LÍMITES
Very nice.Una composició i captura excel.lent !!!!!love itThis is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!ha ha ha ha omg naughty girlIt was the cat! The cat did it! And the dog! and a raccoon which came down the chimney...I scared it off. You're welcome.I love the &quot;who me?&quot; expression.  Too cute!very cute photo,we also have a torte lop we named Toffee again very cute,and I`m sure Toffee had nothing to do with,just in the wrong place at the wrong timeHehe that's adorably funny.lol...will have to get cctv camera installed :)LITTLE POLLY FLINDERS

LittleToffee Bunny
Sat among the cinders
Warming her pretty little toes;
Her Mommy came and caught her,
Whipped out her camera
And posted on Blu for all to see.

most of Moter Goose is rather disturbing...so that is a remake of Little Polly FlandersHAHA, hilarious, and she has gorgeous feet.She is clearly innocent.Oh, this is priceless!!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...naughty bunny, o so funny! :)Great capture!!=D

Seen on FluidrThat is adorable.  We have two pet bunnies and used to run an in-home rabbit rescue - lots of interesting scenarios - but not this one.   :)What a naughty rabbit........great shots!thanks everyone...ps... i have not set up this piccy if you peek at my stream you will see proof  : )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Funny or Weird Stuff, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so cute and cuddly looking, just like a bunny should! bet she gets away with heaps just from the look you get, thanks for sharing these, made a crap day better :)haha, I have evidences!

...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Really funny cute photo. Love it.Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Amazing picture!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hahaha trouble-maker!OMG  this is just amazingly adorable!!  how sweet!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So cute !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Que bonito y gracioso

 Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2 Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2

Awwww how gorgeous!!! Loved the set =)This made my day ! Oh, the expression ! Priceless :)
Would love to have this as a poster on my wall.very cute portrait :)oh my.... how gorgeous.  The colors are beyond lovely.Absolutely gorgeous.Dreamy colors.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called cutoffs blog., and we'd love to have this added to the group!I saw it first.
you make me want to shoot ATZ againthanks!  
posted to:::
www.cutoffs.tumblr.comstunning!beauty...love those shapes....I like all your work.forget everything else...... it's of little importance. this is what you do best. epic shotthanks everyone! same ship and film as this:


just very different weather conditions, resulting in very different looking film.wowowow!!!
i love this sooo much it is hard to write it down!!! 
beautiful tone!
Fav =Dawesome color effects, great blend

--
Seen in the group&quot;Polaroid Artistic TZ&quot; (?)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.AMAZING MY FRIEND !!!
MAGICAL COMPOSITION, EXPOSURE AND TONES !!!!
Have A Great Day !!What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.i love what your eyeballs see.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Some kind of feel of lonelyness about this one...Υπέροχη δουλειά!!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )..σαν τυφώνας!! Τέλεια!!τι ωραίος ουρανός είναι αυτός!I know the place well and it took me a couple of moments to put it together. As  for people who don't know it, you are simply blowing thier minds away!
(Thanks for your wishes).Χριστέ μου...είναι ε κ π λ η κ τ ι κ ή!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Εξαιρετική! Να είσαι καλά φίλε μου για τις υπέροχες εικόνες που μας προσφέρεις!Megale eine fantastiki ,eine eine eine.:)υπερπαραγωγή ο ουρανός!!!Εξαιρετική!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Τι έκανες εδώ Κωνσταντίνε!!!!!!!!!!!!
ΕΚΠΛΗΚΤΙΚΗ ΕΙΝΑΙ!!!!!!!!
ΧΙΛΙΑ ΜΠΡΑΒΟ!!!!!!!Εξαιρετική λήψη και επεξεργασία !!!!! Μ'αρέσει πολύ. Σουρεαλιστική, σαν από όνειρο!!!!GET IN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This is an amazing shot... well done you! 
RoweenaWOW!majestic is the least i can say!Truly amazing work here my friend. This is an accomplishment of grandiosity.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.look at those clouds! good thing you did the wide angle to get them all! amazingAVE Constantius !
Υποκλίνομαι !Very beautiful and outstanding  shot.!
Great composition, light and color  are awesome.Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed!wow man! polla kalo stiching! k polla prwtotypi!................Greeting from Bangkok.

This song for your warm night.Julie London

www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByUOFV5TusE

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Be happy, be healthy...:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This picture is a nice success.
Ghislain.This is truly stunning!!!

As seen in Your VERY BEST ever
Our members appreciate YOUR very best ever!remarkable image
Your work deserves to be Applauded! 
 
This photo has been selected for  TheLoveShack Award 
 Please add this image to  TheLoveShack
  POST 1 &amp; AWARD 2 -- Please tag with &quot;TheLoveShack&quot;You are invited: ***carousel of light***


ATTENTION AWARD MODERATED QUEUE
Τόση ομορφιά δεν ξέρω πως χωράει σε μιά εικόνα. Εκπληκτική λήψη που σε αφήνει αφωνο!!!Πρώτη φορά βλέπω τέτοιο ουρανό! Beautiful!I havent seen anything like this! well done!Beautiful shot
i love itHi, I'm an admin for a group called  SCHITTA  Fotoclub, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ekpliktiki!Amazing cloud formation!Υπέροχη !This is amazing! Unbelievable cloud formation! Excellent capture!!Superb- fantastic capture !WOW! Spectacular shot.ha.  the idea is just cool to begin with and you nailed it.only 170 shots? heck had that been me, i'd have probably broke 250 and still only ended up with a half a tooth and a nostril...
Great shot! love the dedication.... I posted my photog anonymous shot this morning too, but your tenacity wins for sure on this shot..
enjoy your sun today, you earned it :)wow i can't even imagine how to do that!This is GREAT.  I have a hunch you'll remember this shot with pride for a long while.  The patience to wait 170 shots for this one was definitely worth it!  Instant fave.Right on!Brilliantwhaaaaaaat?too cool!Fantástica y muy original!!great shotUnique self portrait !
You gonna tell us how ?
If not , it's a cool image to wonder about .it came up awesomely! 
love the details! :Dthats so awesomeHow the hell did you pull this one off? Brilliant effort mate!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Phottix Photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot.....its not easyThanks for all the comments and faves everyone! Just made explore cause of you guys :)Amazing in a lot of respects. I wouldn't even thing that this could be done and you did it and nailed it. Great work!Wow! Amazing, really clever!How bizarre, how bizarre - in a good way of course!  I would not have had the patience!Very cool shot and you are so patient, I envy you :)really cool! :-)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.coolVery nice composition and overall result. Thanks for sharing your wonderful work!


--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)this is just AWESOME!wonderful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a striking image! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.F**k man, that's a brilliant piece of work. Credit to you and the hard work. It paid off!Awesome. How did you shot this image?That is insanely impressive

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)?!?!?!??!?

How

This is amazing, photoshop or not.Wow, that is amazingly cool!!  Your patience and skills really paid off, big time!! congrats! :-DWow, I'm stunned by the attention this photo got! Thank you all! 
To those who are wondering whether this is photoshopped or not; it's not, only cropped and turned 180 degrees.. The photo was taken with one external flash, camera on tripod, remote shutter and a straw used for dropping.Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaathow the heck did you do this!
I have to roll up my sleeves and get to work to achieve this!just amazing!!!!great one!Wonderful shot!! Seems a lot are going down being demolished.Great shot, like the color compositionvery excellent!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called bitches brew (comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!brilliant capturewonderful meaning contrast...great composition!久淳堂 , Khai, Gabe, Maximo, tapa, gaby and Nick - thanks very much to all of you, really glad you like the pic.I like very much!!!!!
Nice shot!!amazingly doneAmazing.Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Wonderful shallow focus Bill. Really well silenced background.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokehilicous on Film, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called The ZEISS Bouquet, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Cool shot, great depth of field.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Artistic Shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesomethanks everyone for all your favs, comments and gallery additions - never had a pic this well received.Yes.

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Icebox: Edson is THE MAN!&quot; (?)

-Voted &quot;cool&quot; (from The Icebox)Muddy tones (sorry had to)
nuts, but 

cool2

I'll let Edson crit the tilt.I didn't notice this part of the course Alain

It would also be good  to see the colour versionhere's a wider view of this part of the course graham -
oh my god, icerally?

[ via Mait Jüriado's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Mait Jüriado Photography ]hehe - here's some video of the race leaders breaking through ice
www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfioGazIA7k&amp;feature=relatedLittle bit of mercy!

But not enough. Bit too dark for my tastes.

uncoolSorry, I really, really hate comparing photographs to each other, I do try to judge each by it's own merits.  That said, in my mind THIS shot has basically set the standard:

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/swissrolli/4329141855/sizes/m/]

After seeing that, I'm afraid your's falls well short

uncoolmuck on the face makes it cool..yep

coolVery good, love the mud hanging in the air.

CoolIt's not Edson, but it's still

-Voted &quot;cool6&quot; (from The Icebox)pony.rojo - hehe, i hate falling short of myselfHi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like this better than screaming man because I understand the context. Granted, now knowing that the other shot wasn't an outtake from the The Lord of the Rings makes it more impressive. I think as a series, Pony's pick may be the one. But on its own, this one stands apart.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)swissrolli autocool...plus i like it...so...

cool7

Yay! get yer next one ready...

* Main Entry: cool
* Pronunciation: \ˈkül\
* Function: adjective

1 : moderately cold : lacking in warmth
2 : marked by steady dispassionate calmness and self-control 
3 : lacking ardor or friendliness
4 : facilitating or suggesting relief from heat
5: (slang) very good : excellent; hip
6: this photograph, according to The Icebox

You are now invited to Stick it to The Fridge!whatman75 said:

&quot;It's not Edson, but it's still&quot;

Bite your tongue!!!Great shot. Lovely moment caughtI like this a lotGreat shot.AwesomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Grandiosa !
Meravigliosa !!!!!Excellent shot of a strange eventGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthNice shot! Sure cool enough I guess :)
Did such run twice years ago. First time I was invited to join a 7,5km run, but they forgot to tell me about the obstacles.....Surprise! Great fun actually, but I'm cured from that ;) 

*seen in Explore*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Intense!Another road to nowhere!  Great image - again - good enough for an album cover I would think!  I might have put it with the song from Talking Heads - just because I am more familiar with that one:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPQcnjlwtE4


--
Seen in the group&quot;Photography Critique Assignments&quot; ( ?² )PCA - Much better than the songs your kids pikced out.  LOL.  Steve Earle came to my mind when I saw this image.  I also think it would be fitting for his song Someday - &quot;there aint a whole lot to do in this town&quot; or the other lyric &quot;...they don't even know if there is a town around here....I'm gonna get out of here someday&quot;.

I like this a lot, it reminds me of how white (snow) my world has been.PCA: Cool shot, love the whiteout, and the yellow is superb, like a beacon. I think the scale of this shot is spot on. Any closer and you would lose that whiteout effect. Any further away and you would lose the yellow. Maybe a slightly tighter crop, meh.This image is fantastic.  I love it.  

I don't know why I find the crop suggestion appealing, but I do.  I think it makes that road sign more prominent which increases the impact for me.


--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Photography Critique Assignments&quot;. ( ?² )I had considered cropping it more but the rule of thirds thing got in my head and that's why the sign is in its present position in the frame. I like the suggested crop too, thanks HBP.Love it!  There's more places out in the Texas countryside like the one in the song.  The young grow up and leave, only coming back for sickness or funerals.  A wonderful image and a fitting choice of lyric too.This is such a great shot. I don't know the song or artist, but it fits the lyrics.  I love the small sign in the distance echoing the foreground one.  I guess it says &quot;Pavement Begins&quot;Thanks for the comments.

My alternate version:
Love it!superb winter composition!pca
Perfect composition.  I'm definitely going to fall off the edge of the world if I venture far along that road.  Beautifully done Wes.  The pavement ends sign is the icing on the cake - perfect.
K8I think this is the perfect framing for it! (even though I like the portrait version too...)Great shot!Thank you everyone.I know that song!!! But for some reason I think of summer time.
I got to admit though it works for your scarce winter image as well :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Frío, hielo y nieve, and we'd love to have this added to the group!pca

I don't think I know this song, but I like the lyrics.  This photo is great even without the lyrics tie-in.  Seems like it would be a picture that Elliott Erwitt might have taken.Great shot (and great song). Hello from Italy.fotobird, I agree that the song is more spring/summer oriented, but I am a bit short on summer scenery right now.

Courtney, you are right that this has some E Erwitt traits.

Hello Adrian in Italy!SuperbHi, I'm an admin for a group called Repitition, and we'd love to have this added to the group!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Bonita foto
Nice photo.

Esta foto fue vista en:
This picture was seen at:


Frío, hielo y nieveFun to watch it continue to dissolve as it sits in nature and people continue to vandalize it.The end is near....Great composition using the tracks to lead into the train....justifies the means.Great comp, looks great in B&amp;WLovely B&amp;W processing. Well seen; I like the multiple ends here: end of tracks, bumper at the end of the tracks, and the caboose which was generally at the end of the train, and is on its last legs itself here too.It was a pleasure to meet you last night Erik and thanks for joining. This shot really exemplifies the character of the industrial district.It was great having you with us at the meetup last night. Great shot of the caboose, it really has that industrial feel to it.Really cool composition on this. So did nobody get inside?@ Luke -- that's the first thing I wanted to do, but it's been boarded up.  I have a rather crappy shot of the interior from a few years back though.  It was a rather, uuhhh, interesting kinda place.Great shot!Beautiful shot!Nice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.The light and shadows are awesomeis that who I think he is ?!

[ via Alexandre Bertin's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Alexandre Bertin ]Wonderful night shot!!Nice self-portrait with M6!!  Natura is very convenient in the night.super! Kiem-san in action. 
that natura 1600 always makes for some great tones. i think i have seen some on Oshima-san's stream.Perfect reflection and bokeh. Like your concentrated expression.cool coloursvery very cool! love your expression.love it!nice nice!!!
dreamynice shot!! cool tones!!Hey, it's that guy again. We found some great light that night, didn't we?excellent photocity lights :)those colors and that bokeh are unbelievable!This is cool.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2847869...We made Explore, whoop, whoop. Remember you couldn't have done this without me brother :)))))))Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22613. 

Your all FP are listed here. Stunning image!!!!fantastic colours, bokeh, night lights ...this is perfect :) .. love the colors!great evening shot!
love the bokeh :Ogreat shot :-)Very nice shot! 
Good Morning .. 
Really it's amazing picture and Congracts.
seen in explorer page =D

\

add me : [http://www.flickr.com/photos/qwitawi/]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:YA TENEMOS GANADOR!!!(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow!!  I love it !!!!!!!!awesome colors...

Seen in Explorewooow 
nice coloe 
I see in Explore ^^of all the shots that explored today this is by far the best and the ONLY one that really deserves front page...grats on that and well deserved imothought this was Hong Kong the moment I saw it on explore!!! Love the lights!!!wonderful bokeh!wow!wow. this guy just keeps poppping up on people's photostreams! awesome colour. the 50/1.1 looks like a fantastic lens. I want one! I like the fact that my nokton 35/1.2 becomes an 47/1.2 on the M8. 50mm is my preferred focal length. 

I'm an admin for a group called photo[Slap], and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is remarkable - and a photo everyone should see! I think this calls on the feelings and the story is visible but not obvoius. A photograph to remember and to be hung up with! Congrats on Explore - deserved!!


www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/wow nice one ::Dvery nice bless u for sharingLovely ! Well done !
Keep it goiN

Comment meWow! Excellent portrait!!:DLovely bokeh.suggestive night composition!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningsuperb.amazingly taken

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]This is excellent my friend !
Great exposure and composition friend ! !

Have a great day my friend !oh, this is absolutely fabulous!This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.umm...i think i know this guy? :P lovely shot!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!its outside of LV...@ Hina :-)
Yes it was LV, we were buying expensive handbags together even though I prefer Hermès.dun like LVLove the colours and bokeh  :)nice one Justin!!! Kiem looks great!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Mi cámara y yo (Post 1 - Comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!From the photowalk:



So niceOnly HDR can give this wonderful result!  Beautiful, detailed image and mood with sky.

Original size is truly outstanding.Lovely!incredible! I bet this is really great in person..WOW that is fantastic.  The clouds are incredible!Beautiful, what a gorgeous building!!Absolutely awesome!Cool HDR....Great work! Love the skyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Perspective and Symmetry, and we'd love to have this added to the group!such a dramatic sky, and lovely façade.. great details, I would love to be on one of your walks.... when are you coming to Sydney...??? lol

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This looks good.Amazing shot love this allot. trully Gorgeous work!This is amazing!
Perfect simmetry.I like this hdr.Wow, wonderful shot!amazing capture...Excellent as always ;)The sky is almost B&amp;W.This is stunning!OMG one of the best facades that i ever seen, amazing tones.Fantastic. !
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The PARAGON Gallery [P1/C1] ***ADMIN INVITE ONLY***, and we'd love to have this added to the group!A wonderful detail and you can see every detail of the church. Amazing!very nice, great cloudswowVery nice colors and composition...superb hdr!!Great processing!!!!BOOMMFFFF!!!! Amazing sky!oh wow! dramatic picture and wonderful tones.Lovely!A stunning shot here, love the symmetryBeautiful details in the HDR clouds - looks very threatening!Nice one!beautiful church and treatment!This is niceMarvellous shot. lovely angle and editOverall, this is really cool, but when you zoom in on the details seen in Original... man!  What a place. What a capture!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Awesome sky!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

gorgeous catch!! nice wide angle!!Weltklasse!!!!Beautiful !awsome work here... and your camera.. hummmm!!?? awsomeTo use a well worn comment.  WOW!!!!!!!!Beautiful work!Great story.  Sorry I missed you since I live nearby.  I look forward to the rest of your Stanford walk.

PatrickThe contrast between the church and sky is fantastic. Really nice work.Looks like shooting on a stormy day was an unexpected bonus !  Perfect symmetry &amp; processing &amp; awesome skies !  Stanford is one of my favorite photo spots and I visit often.so beautiful..this is a great image---thanks for sharingSimply awesome! Wow!absolutely dramatic.. what cloud formation! 

nice capture..

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]Wow! Beautiful Trey - the detail is amazing!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningGreat shot!Great processing. Your description is interesting to read, as well!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called °Landplage°, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain 
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 
Please share this piece of art with the other artists @

 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 

  

Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”

Please join the group!


--
Seen in someone's favorites. ( ?² )Very cool shot!Very nice!oh the sky!  a religious experience :)lovely prespectiveHi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!superb capture.. well doneincredible- and I am so grateful for your teachings- wish you were in Miami
congrats on ExploreExcellent!What a FANTASTIC photo !!Great!well I can't help...but I sure like that almost surreal photo...a sky with drama ++++++++ ! 
You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/I envy you, if I can only bring my kids to photowalks...fantastic ambience!Great shotNice work with this Trey

That was a very fun day, good to meet you, 

MarkGreat composition


You are definitely a Nature Watcher!
Please add this photo to http://www.flickr.com/groups/naturewatching/
and tag your photo &quot;Nature Watcher&quot;Great photo all the colors come to life!≈ beautiful ≈This would have to be the most amazing shot i've ever seen, the light the timing of the the storm....WOW, i couldn't stop gazing at the detail. once again WOWJust couldn't make myself get out there in the downpour, Trey, and it really pisses me off. Anyway, hope you'll be back here sometime and happy to see all the great shots that have resulted from your visit.beautiful effect...!!Nice picture indeed, sky is black'n'white, right or it just an effect of the HDR processing?
I read about the first investigations on HDR images in SIGGRAPH publications. If I remember well, Paul Debevec from Berkeley was one of the first pioneer in that domain. TBConfirmed...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.nice HDR :)Great pic, congrats ;)Gorgeous HDR, congrats my friend!Well done and thanks for all the information as well!
Brilliant sky and church and excellent execution!
Congrats on another great image,
mikaku

&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

Great comp and treatment, wonderful perspective and detail...fabulous atmosphere!
Congratulations Trey!Great!A wonderful building with an equally stunning sky! Excellent work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1284745@N20/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wonderful photo............................

wonderful light..............................

all super..........................................



the detail in the sky and color in the building are wonderful!amazingFantastic!Wonderful shadow, love this shotreally nicely done - great workGood eye ;))Great job! I think this is my favorite! I am so jealous!Good shot.NIce shot, great composition and light.great shot! love the lightning!Awesome! Love the long shadow extending over the slope and the tiny reflections in the snow!such a nice shot. i love the lighting !Great light, love the shadow!This is an incredible shot. The lighting is perfect and the shadows really make itwow! great shot. love the sun! the shadow is amazing too!!Beautiful shot
i love itExcellent shot. The shadow reveals the creepy soul of the tree.visita CajaOscura Colectivo!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)
Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!


Excellent Picture!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Congrats on the explore!!!!Your photograph is really good. It's perfect, congrats! :D

I will be happy if you add me as a contact. I will do the same, now or tomorrow.
Don't stop shooting, live your life! :D

Be water, my friend.cool bully !Great pic, gorgeous subject!Nice study,fantastic!beautiful bully!!Beautifil dog! And perfect B&amp;W.

Congratulations!Great capture!
beautiful dog.

Seen on FluidrGreat B&amp;W!!Beautiful capture of your dog. Love his patch and your use of b&amp;w. Congrat's on Explore. Have a nice daY! Thanks.Una foto a la que le va genial el blanco y negro y el alto contraste, genial.so cool. great perspective, and b&amp;w makes it timeless.awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Please add your photo to:
Best In Show (Invite Only)
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Oi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Black &amp; White Portraiture e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!Awsome shot, I love his tough guy look, and his surroundings. Black and white was a good choice, it makes it a stronger picture. niceWonderful work!Very well done,beautiful!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.awesome!
You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Seen in  Best In Show
(Invited Images Only)
You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Seen in  Best In Show
(Invited Images Only)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Love this.. viewed in Explore.. congrats. ;)Continuas en tu línea de buenas fotos. 

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Impresionante la gama de color y fantastica composición
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Amazing colors...To guay, me comentas mis fotos????é verdade... várias cores!!! LINDA!!!
(is true, many colors! simply BEAUTIFUL!!!))Hermoso contraluz!!Bona!!!!
uns colors mol sugerents!!!Un precioso juego de estos tres colores, combinados con una luz extraordinaria. Esta vez son dos barcas... Ya encontró compañía. Esta Olympus tuya, combinada con tu destreza en el tratamiento, da estos resultados maravillosos.Genial!
És preciosa!!una delicia para la vista.preciosos los dorados
enhorabuena!!mira que he visto fotos tuyas pero no deja de sorprenderme la gama  de dorados que puede llegar a haber en esos atardeceres/amaneceres.

Otra para enmarcar AlbertTe quedo fantástica !! un color genial.La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE


--
Seen in La Bodeguilla de Olympus y 4/3 (?)albert impresionant aquest colors i aquesta composicioPreciosa, com sempre, la definició i la llum son impressionants.
b&gt;La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Es tan preciose ....que mereig esta al explore.......
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Una preciosidad.Muy buena, con una intensidad de cielo espectacular..Tanto el cielo como los reflejos los veo perfectos, enhorabuena.Meravigliosa, da rimanere senza parole!!!!!Que bonito colorBonita paleta de colores la que has plasmado, con ese contraluz de las barcas destacando en la escena.

Esta fotografia se parece mucho a una pintura de estilo impresionista.Great shot





Seen in your photo stream.brutal
la textura de agua un puntazo
muy bonitaUna toma bellisima y buenisimos colores
saludosMaravillosa!Precioso  tonos y colores. Saludos))WEspectacular Albert  , me encanta esas tonalidades muy buena y lo que destacaria es el buen ambiente matinal que hubo 
Una abraçadaRealmente genial, muy buena de colores y reflejosBoníssima, Albert, quins tons, composició i edició. Salutacions.great shot and colors :-)Great shot !Me faltaba mi regalito del domingo. Gracias amigo por semejante espectáculo
Besospreciosa !!!
encantada de coneixe't !!!
una abraçada !!!!When I go looking to shoot sunsets, these are some of the colours I hope to find...   Beautiful shot!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.L'explosió de color totalment deltaica Albert, es preciosa.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Preciosa.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Impresionant
Grupo Fotografico TARRACOFOTOGRAFIA
  
www.flickr.com/groups/tarracofotografia/ otra autentica maravilla visualbeautifulExcellent shot. Very nice colors.Hermosa !!! los colores, la composición, el cielo .... todo !!! Saludos.muy bien, preciosa delicia visual, sobretodo ese colorQuins colors mes intensos i bonics!!Felicidades por el explorer !!!Que maravilla, sin duda un explorer bien merecido.

saludosI like the colors in this beautiful sunset shot.Unes tonalitats molt boniques, Albert ...masterful shot

*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*Los naranjas y perfiles son una maravilla.
Un abrazo.Lo mismo da amarillos, que azules, cualquier color queda perfecto en este sitio.

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Amazing shot!
Fantastic colors and composition!

congratulations!

Beautiful shot
i love itHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ATARDECERES DEL MUNDO-SUNSETS OF THE WORLD&quot;CONCURSO ATARDECER E y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

 Bellísima captura- Beautiful capture:
Te invitamos a subir esta bella foto y unirte al grupo – 
You are invited to display your image and join the group:
“Atardeceres del Mundo - Sunsets of the World”

 
 Sube1 – Comenta 2
Add 1 - Comment 2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado *FOTOGRAFÍA ATARDECER AMANECER- VEN A VOTAR- AT-AM-CON AVES y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado NATUR... NATURE... NATURAL// Concurso &quot;ELIGE LA IMAGEN DEL LOGO y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado El MUNDO a un sólo Click!!  concurso: Invitacion a votar para p y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Fantastic shot, great work.bon contrallum,uns colors molt guapos.salutacionsBrutals !~~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Award  - (add 1, comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant colors! Lovely.well you certainly did some magic on this image - the color, texture and details are superb, but of course the roiling clouds are what steals the sceneAbsolutely wonderful and powerfull image!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SCORPLADY'S BEAUTIFUL SCENERY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
 

Scorplady would greatly appreciate your photo presence in her group.


BEAUTIFUL !!!!Wow, that's a sweet shot.  Great color, comp, detail and I love those clouds!
I think Manning will figure the Saints out by half time, and the Colts will roll them.Wonderful &amp; amazing, as your gallery too. :) Great work.wow...Amazing composition and post-processing :)Woww!! beautiful photo (:Fantastic shot. Moody looking sky...well done.OMGosh! this is amazingly beautiful!!!  WIsh I'd taken this picture!!!!Amazing!superb!! That tree is spot on.. the tone,apping is perfect.. just enough luminance to bring that tree out yet the halo is subtle enough to remain realistic... great works :)i see you havent lost you're touch..
pretty fabulous!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)gorgeous image my friend. every detail is super!Awesome photo... love the sky and clouds! Great work my friend..

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very nice job , you got a beautiful photostream , thank you for your comment , I really appreciate itThe detailing on the rocks is brilliant...amazing textures &amp; patterns.Great composition ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bussabar's Phuket, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful composition and depth.  love that foreground and stunning sky.
excellent work, my friend.Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.B E A U TI F U L !!!!!! Love the composition and colors. Very nice work!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)excellent.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Nice shot and well done !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great composition and post-processing!
Good to have you back buddy!Great photo!!! Treatment is excellent.Cool shot! Lovely layers!Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]spectacular UWA HDR.  Great compo n pp

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)A very beautiful photo. Superb photography.Congrats on Explore!  Its very well deserved!awesome image...bravo on Explore!
----------------
 Your Absolutely Stunning 'Scape should be shared with our group. Please join us and comment on 1 other 'Scape. Invited Photos Only. Please tag your photo with AbsolutelyStunningScapes
invited with SICI (2009-07-16)
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Waaaaowww! Nice pic!We think that you and your photo must be in our group, congrats!
You can add me as a contact, if you want, I will do the same. :)



Best Photos on Flickr

ANYONE WHO READS THIS MESSAGE CAN JOIN THE GROUP.


Admin.fabulous shotWonderful landscape...An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Pues de ese mal dia como lo llamas pudiste componer esa vista en algo maravilloso,  Felicidades

saludos desde México.paradise? i  think so =]

beautiful shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Gorgeous capture.This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeThought it must be a cliff-top from the thumbnail.cool :) great colors!It's a miniature forest.love the light shining on that moss. nicely composed.Beautiful color and great textures. Great shotSimply beautiful! Thank posting it. 
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthWhat a great shot, love the light and detailLike it

--
Seen in the group&quot;Retired and Loving It!&quot; (?)beautiful seriesAwesome shot!So simple...and so beautiful! Great phhoto!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful macro with great details.Oh yes! I've been enjoying the very same thing half a world away from you. Moss fascinates me.I love this shot, I feel like I'm looking into a little worldooh, so fantastic! I love the lighting on this. Almost looks like a storm brewing in the background...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful! I've been trying to capture the moss growing everywhere here but none are as successful as this!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)This is so beautiful! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.seen on Explore
wonderful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Eccellente! You are great!!!!a fantastic image! Love his silhouette
and
wow, love his work! He is a fatastic artist -&gt; thank you for the link!!¡Que buenaaaaaaa...!

Muy buena foto 

FOTO INVITADA A / INVITED TO  www.flickr.com/groups/el_factor_humano

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice one! Looks like a cd cover!great shot!muy buenathis is an good example how light changes a picture--beautiful!Wonderful composition...woww just woww! ;)sutil y hermosaexcelente...

congratulations !!bellissima la luce..siempre eficaz...
la luzFantastic use of the lights!!!me gusta la atmosfera ,y el detalle de las zonas oscurasPerfectamente titulada. Es preciosa.FascinanteFabulosa !!!

J'attends que la porte s'ouvre. Impatience...Sencillamente ....espectacular.....
Estas luces y sombras ...la silueta...las persianas  y el perfil de la chimenea........ Genial !!

Un abrazo Bea.Ah !!..Y el título ...de lo más !!!qué bien vista y realizada.

El haberle dejado ese &quot;hilo de color&quot; le hace más cálida.

Buen momentogreat silhouette!!fabulous light!Gran silueta, fantástica.Adorei! Abraço.grandioso contraluz BeaAmazing picture.Explore, pos. 40, usease, FP :Dah!.. y la foto.. de cine!
de peli, de miedo :P

muy bien buscado ese encuadre con la chimeneaNo esta mal no :PFelicidades Front Page...la foto se lo merecía))un 10, buenísimavery nice!Great atmosphere. The light is fantastic.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Famous Square Captures (Post 1 shot, Comment and fave 2 others) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

quelle lumière!! c'est juste superbe!!Si que es buena, si. Excelente este contraluz.


--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)wow!!! ... de cine!!!Genial!

A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Very nice work, congratulations.
I really like the composition ..
Beautiful light and details!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningWonderful light.

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado °Landplage° y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain 
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 
Please share this piece of art with the other artists @

 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 

  

Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”

Please join the group!


--
Seen in someone's favorites. ( ?² )Un contraluz espectacular.Marvelous image!Hoy veo luz ( y que luz!) por todos los lados...genial Béa :)
Love the light and detail!A R T I S TA T U

I agree bratha :DNice shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.La luz precisa.... y preciosa.magnífico contraluz, genial encuadrefantasticOKbeautiful, emotionalamazingVete con cuidao ... que un tal Piris te copia  :-)) ... losepas.... aquesta m'agrada molt-Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado artland y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.اوووه
ناايس
الاضائه فضيييييييييعه
تسلم الايادي
فيفHi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait Read, and we'd love to have this added to the group!thanks hams ;Dmashallah 

el-lighting mo 9ijتسلم ايدج
اضائه ممتازه
والابيض والاسود مسوي شغل
بالتوفيق ياربماشاءالله عليج 
الاضائه قويه 
تسلم ايدج يالمبدعهrawwwww3a
teslam edech sis
ebdaa3 
keep it upماشاء الله عليج 
دووم مبدعه 
الاضاءه رووووعه 
تسلم ايدجmashala elmodel o ela'9a2a raw3aa 

tslam edechI saw this in Kuwait Art photo Group!
You Deserve Another Art Photo Award!!! &quot;


(Post 1 Award 1) &quot;ناااايس
يعطيج مليون عافيه ياربNawary this is really great
love the idea tooوايد حلوه الصوره والاضائه عجيبهThank you for adding This photo in - شكرا لإضافة الصورة في
  WE ARE HERE (WAH) نحن هنا 
yasalaaaaam shaye qawee walaa
teslaam eedech sis ..عمل جميل

موفقه اختي انوار


Seen in E L I T E S GroupLovely lighting and capture Anwaar.wonderful ,, beautiful capture .good work
amazingمشالله خوش صورةThank you for adding This photo in - شكرا لإضافة الصورة في
  WE ARE HERE (WAH) نحن هنا 
توزيع الاضائة جميلة

بس فيها طابع الحزن أكثير


ان تموت واقفًا خيرا من أن تعيش تحت الأقدام


~


مبدع بمعنى الكلمة اخوي 
تصوير رآئع .. وإضآءة اروع

يعطيك العآفية
=&quot;)
اختي انوار

ورب البيت العظيم توزيع للاضاءة قاتل
اهنيك عليه

عتبي على النوت اللي فوق جهت الراقبه
موفقه

Seen in E L I T E S Group

مجموعة ايليتس للتصوير الفوتوغرافيamazing work walla !
i like it ^^thanks aloOOoOt  FOR ALL ;D
مشكوور عبدالله على الملاحظه :)روووعه تبارك الرحمن

والاضاءه دينجرس لوول يعني خطيره

قواج الله حبيبه =)

+favbeautiful image and B&amp;W excellent lighting..!!

Complimentsراااائعه بشكل مجنوون وربي حبيتها تبارك الرحمن
قوووووووويه 

Seen in E L I T E S Group

مجموعة ايليتس للتصوير الفوتوغرافيnice shot 
o 5oosh black&amp;white╚═●{~♥~♥~♥ J ═╗.. 
♥
$
$$_____________________________________$$$
$$$$__________________________________$$$$
$$$$$$______________________________$$$$$$
*$$$$$$$$,*_____________________*,$$$$$$$$*
*$$$$$$$$$$$,,_______________,,$$$$$$$$$$*
__$$$$$$$$$$$$_ _._____.___$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$$$$$$$$$,_'.____.'_,,$$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$??????$$$,, '.__,'_$$$????????$$$$
____$$$?????????$$$$..:..$$$$?????????$$$
_______***$$??????$$@@$$??????$$****
_________,,,$$*$????$$@????$$,,,,,,
_____,,$$?????????$$*@@*$$???????$$$,,,
____*$$$????????$$$*@@*?????????$$
___,,*$$$????????$$__.@.__*$?????????$$$,,
_,,*___*$$??????$$$___*___*$???????$$*__ *',,
*____,,*$$?????$$$_________$????????$*,,____ *
______,;$*$,$$**'____________**'$$***,,
____,;'*___'_.*__________________*___ '*,,
,,,,.;*____________---____________ _ ____ '**,,,,
...°*
....O
.......°o O ° O*
.................°
.............. °
............. O.
.............o....o°o
.................O....°
............o°°O.....o
...........O..........O
............° o o o O .
----------------------`•.¸ )
----------------------¸.•)´
----------------------(.•´
----------------------`*.*´¨)
----------------------¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
---------------------(¸.•´ (¸.•`
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█great portrait .. i like the lighting .. 
well done ms anwaar .. 
i like the proverbاضاءة احترافيه
برافو ياانوار 
الله ينور

اكسبلور
www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/07/page11/great lighting....

Seen in Explorethanks aloOoOt ;Dاحادي رائع 
والاضاءة خيال 
تحياتيCooool !!nice photo thanks 4 sharingنآآآآآيس 

استمرري ^_^اضاءه وايد قويه
تسلم ايدجHi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group مشاء الله.

لقطة موفقة اختيAmazing shotNice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~Excellent work, well done !Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.قمه فالابداع
 
◕‿◕


★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★★
★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★　　★★★★
★★　　★★★★★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★★
★★　　★　　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★★
★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★★　　★　　★★★★
★★★　　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★　　　　★★★　　　　★★★★★
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★ 




Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A passion for fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!mashallah 
perfect shot hunniceجميله جميله بكل المقاااايسGreat light. I love the pose and the dark tones in this. Wonderful shot.thanks aloOOoot :)وهم اكسبلوور مني  يالله هههههه
يعطيكم العافيه وايد روعهخوووش صووورة انوار 
عساك عالقوة يارب وييسلم الايادي~wonderful low key. Congrats on FP!Hmmm fantastic colours! Congrats, always waiting for moreWhere is the red light that used to be on the entrance of the harbor?
Great shot &amp; relaxation.;-) Get some!
More photos that is.thanks guys, its fun being there.....
stuttgart_san: when the Great Lakes freeze, the shipping lanes are closed and the navigational lights are turned off.....Beautiful image and colour, lovely!!!Incredible capture, bravo !One fine capture !This is beautiful.
-- 
Seen in my contacts' photosVery nice shot, the sky is amazing!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Nice shot !!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Tres belle photo ce tons oranger j'aime beaucoup merci bob :)excellentExcellent shot! Always a fave!amazing colors, beautiful view, this picture has evreything ...Beautiful light! Great color in the sky!!Nice one Bob but the fisheye was better :)Wow awesome shot one of your best to date with all that detail in the frozen waterphew,beautySerenity now!Gorgeous colors and cloud texture!Sweet shot.  Lovely colors.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Wonderful image. So tranquil!Beautiful shot
weldoneNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Marvelous !!!Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed.
I really like!!!LOve that reflection on the ice!
Superb, Bob!:)What an amazing view!you stopped the moment as perfect as the ice freezed the water!I like the reflections in this great shot.Beautiful skyClassic location from you - Love the lines in this.very beautiful!!!!!!!!!!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.wow that is fantasticbrilliant love the soft clouds

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)grande scatto!! luce perfetta e colori eccellenti!! complimentiWhat an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.wonderful shot!if you'd have stopped the exposure@120 sec. i don't think the stars would have had noticeable movement :)
as usual, awesome shot!Bellissima immagine e colori!!!!!....won...nice shot....greate camera.....pentax.....greate color.....fantastic love the colors and lighting, congratsBeautiful!!! nice shot ; )Wow, really nice DOF love the picture and you got the right focus! Nice work.Great focus on this!:)awesome photo :-)Very nice angle.j'adore j'adore j'adore !!nice focus and framing!Lovely...Very tasty bokeh too !Tasty, indeed ;)I love f 1.0 !!!I love it!Thank you for the comments everyone!!

I love bokeh,too. and I love Noctilux!love it!Wow..This photo is the beautiful:)


SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST IN by The Admin considered. 

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Have a nice day and be happy:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNEcQS4tXgQ&amp;feature=rec-LGOUT...beautifulWith an f1.0 at this distance you may have 1.5-2cm in fairly sharp focus.
(just about a sixth of that cup's rim on the left and right side's worth.)
I this case though, the focus is nicely done right at it's front. It looks like
a quick decision. I bet you just move the whole camera back and forward to fine tune focus.Thank you for the comments everyone!!
I love espresso!  And sometimes I love coffelatte. :-)

Hi Whiskeygonebad ,
That's right. The focus range was very short. But the cup was in the center position of the picture. In that case, it was quite easy to focus.muy buen trabajo!!!!La scelta di questa profondità di campo è perfetta per la corrispondenza titolo-fotobeautiful picture, i like this


greeting peter

the trade mark on the coffee is interesting...
good coffee, delicious croissant... it was nice.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Belle note di coloredeliziosa!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Umbrella mood. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.bello tutto !il colore dà vita alla vita........Non posso usare le tue belle parole poichè non ho la tua sensibilità, ma ho sorriso... GrazieOttima inquadratura....molto bella la cromia!!! Devvero una bella foto!
Buona domenica!una conoscenza che non poteva che sfociare in una conferma di una splendida persona... grazie amica cara di aver aggiunto se possibile 'intensità' e colore ad un incontro che nessuna pioggia avrebbe potuto scolorire...una via strettissima, ma ricca di colore !Bellissima...bellissima l'immagine e sempre incredibilmente azzeccate le parole!
Ciao, buona domenica!Note di colore!.. che meraviglia spicchio ...!!...
.. buona domenica!!..
ciao!..
p.Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.



Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa 

Autore della settimana: Chiara 60Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato gente in giro - people around us. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

tropo bella!
bravaMolto bella la foto e gli ombrelli colorati che portano allegria!colori....

Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.



Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :))
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :))
Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa

Autore della settimana: Chiara 60Bellissima, di grande effetto!!
Scusa ma l'ultimo si copriva con il disco di Newton?
Se lo faceva girare, diventava tutto bianco!!
Scherzo, è bellissima!!
Ciao e buona domenica.
Mario:-)Splendida composizione:)

!!Ottimo il taglio e splendidi i colori,bella composizione....beautiful people!... 

 
Vista nel gruppo:
gente in giro - people around usmi piace molto ! bravaSei straordinaria!!Bella! Mi piace. Buona domenica spicchodiluna! :))Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.



Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Please tag your shot: AllegrisinasceosidiventaBella!  Gio'l'unico arcobaleno della giornata
nonostante la pioggia è stata una giornata stupenda
ciao spicchio
Lucianodimenticavo, bella fotoCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Sin limites-No limits. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Molto bella, è sul Tevere?E' bellissima!! Le  parole poi sono superbe! Ciao, buona serata!That is so-ooo good!Questo è un'insieme e un susseguirsi...Molto bella e colorata...e le parole che hai aggiunto sono piene di significato !
  Ciao :))) Spicchio ....ma ecco di chi era quell'ombrello : Bellissima!
Di grande effetto quell'ombrello colorato!ma che bella! brava!
Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.



Visto in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Seen in Allegri si nasce o si diventa :)) 
Please tag your shot: Allegrisinasceosidiventa 

Autore della settimana: chiaraa60

C'e' un topic interessante, qual'e' la tua foto preferita nel 2009 e perche'...se ti va di partecipare, ecco il link:
 
www.flickr.com/groups/1171162@N25/discuss/72157623140458072/Una pioggia bagnata dal colore...bella e colorata
complimentioriginale colorata e con l'idea del movimento....bravissimaInsieme...per condividere una emozione.* Excellent *di grande effetto tutto...anche la splendida giornata..nonostante la pioggia...ciaoBella foto e 2 belle giornate fra amici, nonostante il freddo e la pioggia, speriamo di bissarle a breve.Deliziosa ... complimenti !!Bellissima..io avrei fatto un bianco e nero totale ad eccezione dell'ombrello arcobaleno, ma anche così è perfetta!

è l'argine del tevere vero? ..quanto mi manca la mia Roma..sfiziosa

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Troppo simpatica, oltre che un bello scatto!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Umbrella'. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Bellisimaaaa!Bella inquadratura e molto simpatica :)
 
Foto vista su - Photo seen on ...Life... ...Life...
This photo is Beautiful!!!
Aggiungi - Add tag ...Life...Bene su Explore... Tutto merito dello &quot;sfaccendato&quot; con la giacca bianca ed il cappuccio in testa...

Beh meritava... assolutamente.
:-)deliziosamente delicata.....bellissimaAhahahahah........ il famoso ombrello arcobaleno!!!!
Un bel colpo d'occhio, e il Sig. Explore non sbaglia!!!Simpaticissima questa &quot;processione&quot; di ombrelli in salita!!!Piccole pennellate di colore per rendere magica anche una uggiosa giornata di pioggia!!! Brava!!! un bacione! Annamolto molto bellaBello e originale questo scatto, mi piace la completezza dell' immagine con l' ultima persona in attesa di salire...il suo ombrello dona una nota di allegria! 
Ciao buon pomeriggio :-)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato LoveUmbrellaღ. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.love the colors. grate shot :Dgreat shotbelas coresIs this paris? Near the Sein embankment, close to the Notre Dame?)vista su Explore, una composizione bellissima!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Bella davvero...momento giusto scatto giusto? prezioso ;o) ma dov'è? Roma? kissThis photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeGorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The right way, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful love the bit of lightExquisite beauty and bokeh.  Very well captured!Thank you! :)At first glance I thought the snow was leaves. I see now that it's hearts on bare branches, a new and beautiful dressing gown.Beautiful fresh snow and bright warm light!absolutely magical!

--
Seen in the group&quot;The right way&quot; (?)i thought the snow was blossoms!
this is another beautiful image...the bokeh is divine!Expertly done as usual, love those background hues.Wow.  beautiful.  Gorgous light and sweet hearts.beautiful, love the DOF

This wonderful photo was seen in
 
&quot;~Serene~&quot; This is truly a magical capture!Thank you so very much!!! :) :)Lovely, lovely lighting. Great golden hues.Beautiful light and DoF, lovely shot.Thank you SeaScapes12 &amp; carljgodwin, I appreciate your comments. :) :)

Thank you also to those who have favourited this photo!!This is beautiful.Incantevole....
Amzing shot!lovely shot!!lovely dof, great framing of the shot too
very niceWow...really beautiful!  Love the tone!true, amazing light !


--
Seen in Arboreal Dreams (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1521107...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22683. 

Your all FP are listed here.WoWamazingly done

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Sanctuary photography ... ]Thank you so very very very much Everybody!! :) You all are so nice. :)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.beautiful.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!I really love the bokeh!
I saw your pic on PhotoScape!Wow... thank you. :))beautiful shot! :)thanks!! :)Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Completely lovely tones and DoF! Beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow, this is gorgeous.  Love the colours, the sun and peacefulness.great shot. like everything about it.i love this. great shot xAbsolutely gorgeous!

I'd cry with joy if I'd taken this!!Gorgeous tones

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Wow this is stunning. I have no idea how you have done it but the depth, focus and light are amazing!!Beautiful picture. BravoGorgeous.  Love the sun.Stunning atmosphere in this shot. Nicely captured.Gorgeous, love the tones &amp; lighting.Amazing colors/tones!This is just perfect, especially love the sun!!! really nice photo!!!Beautiful shot.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Beautiful shot
weldoneVery nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.Lovely toneswow. this is amazing.beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called 100+ Views Natural Landscapes *Post 1, Comment 1*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Lovely villages, fields, meadows, swamps, lakes &amp; forests, and we'd love to have this added to the group!what a beautiful photo

LOVELY VILLAGES, FIELDS, MEADOWS, SWAMPS, LAKES &amp; FORESTI like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.Wonderful shot!!Eliza this looks like a painting! It's great. I love the hint of magenta in the lens flare!amazing capture!very nice !!awesome....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Perfection!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So fresh and beautiful.... love it! Happy SundayThose look scrumptious! Lovely post processing.Beautiful! Matches my summery post =)
Have a great day!So bright a cheery and yummy looking!  Happy Sunday to you too.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing work my friend. Just beautiful!!!OMG!!! a dream, the light is super beautiful here.Yum - gorgeous shot :) !beautiful &amp; yummy!! :)yummmyyyy!!!!!! the tone is brilliant..u really grab my attention!!!Wonderful light!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)BeautifulBeautiful light and tones................love the dof!!soooo gorgeous :) happy sunday!Bfff perfect tones! i really like your shootsBeautiful simplicity!  Lovely!SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST AND SO BEAUTIFUL. 


INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNPZNiaQw2k&amp;NR=1

For you if you need smile:)

Thank you to share your great work:)I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 41
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Delicious! Lovely tone and color!looks very fresh and yummyyum! those look so good. love the tones!Love the colors. Mouthwatering :)I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~yum! nice tones :)

I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!Wonderful fresh. 
Love the soft tones and the perfect focus.Your tabletop work is always so full of light and life! Vibrant, fluid, luscious...nothing still about it! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Happy Sunday to you!Amazing colors. Great shot.Looks delicious - the berries and your yummy photo! Lovely light and tones!Fantastic shot!!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~warm colors.. perfect strawberries and focus 
yummy ^^Genial!!happy yummy sunday to you !I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!Awesome shot! the light is incredible!!!Great toneslove itgorgeous!yum.......happy Sunday to you too!sweet strawberry sunday ;))~

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful vintage tones ... they look delicious too!Very beautiful! Love the warm colors!I love the soft colors.. pretty =)Wow so wonderful ,happy Sunday!So pretty.  Love the soft tones.Beautiful!  Love the light!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3691455...Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!Just saw this on FP-  Congrats, it's another masterpiece! Beautiful comp and your tones and processing are stunning as usual. :)Congrats on another FP!! Wow...well done. Awesome work!yummybeautiful!Great detail!! perfect for Valentine's day!Great tonewow!! amazing pure tones and the light is brilliant.lovely tones.Looks delicious!Beautiful result!
Congratulation! It's on Explore page!
You have an amazing photostream!I love the creamy light tones and the sweetness of strawberries -- your watermark adds a special touch.  Congratulations on FP!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Your work is beautiful! You have a way of turning a simple image into a master piece. I went through your stream and was amazed at how quickly you've grown as a photographer. Kudos!I can't resist strawberries they're so wonderful you captured them so beautifully ::))SO fruity. Are you trying to tell us something??[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bwanatheiguana/] hahahah....
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/images_of_camillas/] Thank you so much!i totally missed this one.... congrats on fp... lovely!This is gorgeous!!! So light and yummy!wow..another one!!  I often am only able to sign on at night..and you are already FP...it just keeps happening!  Congrats, your work is so amazing!  The colors, focus, light , and creamy tones here are perfect!excellent composition and tones, congrats for FP :-)So tempting... Congrats on frontpage :)wonderful work

Congratulations!Looks delicious. Perfectly lightened, i love the highkey in this.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Oh yum!
Why do strawberries always look and taste so good in the winter? :)Thanks for adding this to the DazzlePix Group :&gt;)))another fabulous shot! gosh you are on a role!yumm yummA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Oh wow! so summerish :)) love the processing!I LOVE the tones in this one! Congrats, it's on explorelooks like a poster! lovely...

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--g_rt ]A beautiful image!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good evening
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Superb picture! Truely amazing.so gorgeous! love the soft light! congrats on explore!Gorgeous...amazing !LOVE this....so simple yet amazing!felicidades por el FP!!!
la foto es preciosa!!!superb creamy tones, awesome captureperfect tones !!! ♥Lovely!so beautiful presented :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so pretty and soft - makes me want strawberries now!This is perfect--congrats on FP!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Congratulations !!! 
Your wonderful photo made it to the 

ADMIN FAVOURITE THREAD !
 Female Photographers !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfect!Love the simplicity.bleak but sooo beautiful - cracking shot

--
Seen in the group&quot;Project 365&quot; (?)(solitude)

Seen on FluidrVery niceWow stunning shot is it local?Ian - It's at Dyrham Park on the t'other side of Bath :)Thanks for all the lovely commentsVery nice minimalistic shot, I really like your processing as well.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Thanks Karen, all I did to this was add a white tint to it in black and white. Liked the sparse effect that it had :)this is great jen :o)Well done! I love the simplicity of the shotbeautiful :) 
so simple and gorgeous :)I love trees. And this one, too.Thanks for all your lovely comments, faves and entries into galleries :) I'm pleased you all like it! Made explore yesterday :)* Excellent *Preciosa.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Nice shot and well done !GrEAt !!!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Desolation, cold, esthetic... Am i the only one to think about the beautiful TV show Six Feet Under ?



Whatever... great shot, bravo.Beautiful!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.wonderful eye and execution!
Kudos!
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

love this.very suggestive image!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fragments of Time, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Fantastic image, feels so bleak!beautiful photo!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeExcellent capture ..!!this is cool...nice ideashut up! these are the cutest things ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!oh my gosh, that is awesome!!I'm so in love with this! I'm hoping my wooden figures show up in the mail today so I can get going on this project ... fingers crossed!Too Darn Cute!ahh! i love them!omg! LOVE IT!!!How creative! I totally love this!they are great!!wow.  I really really love these!!!Cuuuuuuuute! What did you use to make the tiny features?&gt;_&lt; thank you guys! @ AJ: I used felt for the ears and hat, ribbon for the bows and a piece of paper for the hat size.OMG I love this! I want a set now too!OMG stop it!!!  These are fabulous!  I want these!!!Questa fotografia ha attirato la mia attenzione!!

What a beautiful photo!!!
You and Your image are invited to  
&quot;THE KING GROUP&quot; °exclusive° - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5Excellent! I've got one coming also but I like yours better! Fab image and lighting. Composition is outstanding also.This is really a great abstract. Would make a wonderful print. Fabulously tight DOF.GREAT MM ! cOOl dOfLove this!  Great Macro!Love the purposeful color and DoF.  Great MM.It almost looks like a shredderJust the one! Great DoF. Nice MM&gt;That's one tight focus, great shot hoho!love hte bokeh on this one. the cool colors are nice too. happy macro mondayBeautiful composition and bokeh!

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Beautiful macro! Great photofantastic macro! incredible sharpness!Very nice. I love the abstraction here.

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Beautiful MM shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Your GOOD! Love it!Wow very nice DOF here! Happy MM!you have a notebook for MM ideas? no wonder your shots are so neat!Brilliant!Perfect. Happy MM.beautiful picture Hoho, I like the soft tones in contrast with the metal and the spot on focus on the hole!Congrats on Explore! I really like this one!Great shotcongrats on explore!Excellent!Love the preminence given to the sky in the composition and the detail kept in it.
Have a nice day my friend!какой впечатляющий пейзаж - не оторватся... представляю как зрелищно &quot;живьём&quot;Very nice!!wow, great shot :)Вот это красота! Нет слов!невероятное небо.beautifulура ура ура ура! Мишка вернулся!!!!! = )
я как раз вспоминала про тебя )
пасиб за пейзаж, счас в блог еще загляну.#8!!!!
как вы в такой снег катались, обычно не видно ж не фига?very nice !Вах!!! Порадовал картинкой! Браво!What an amazing pic from a great location!Fantastic light!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Awesome sky and distance mountains in this shot.great winter landscapeOh, amazing! Temptating India...OMG !!! Nice composition and i like tones .. 

I can feel how cool it is from my place :-)

Have a nice day my dear friend ~Misha ........very very nice work..between earth and sky totally sorrounded by light a place to rememberamazing light and colors ! as usual the real deal is the view on Your blog, great stuff !* Excellent *What a wonderful photo!!
Seen in Explorewonderful misha!!!Stunning capture.7 14 хорошиеI like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]love the sky and the tones!that's really greatGlad to see you back Misha, I'm very curious about your pictures!
I like such amazing skies too, very well composed by you!sweet landscape dude.. well done.very niceWow...what a great winter landscape! Beautiful light as well!amazing shapes  and shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called California Photographer -  Great California Photography , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot!I know what you mean.  I can't wait until March to drive around the state where everything is green, especially around the Bay Area and the Sierra foothills.  Even in So. Cal, march brings fields green carpeted with lupine and poppies.  its already greened up here in fact.  love your photos.  keep up the fantastic workI am right there with you ... this time/season in norcal is magical!!It is beautiful.I agree, the green at this time is just stunning...as is your photograph.You guys are already seeing this much green? So not fair! Nevertheless, really great shot - congrats on an excellent composition.Beautiful!  We rode our bikes through western Marin today.  It was so vibrant you would say it was unreal.  But it was very real indeed and quite amazing.  Your pic captures that too.I love the lone focus of this tree! The surrounding hills and landscape is awesome!Almost a little too green.   Those who don't live in Northern California might think it's overdone but I can say that this is how it looks out near my house.   I've been focusing too much on the beach sunsets lately so I should stay close to home and look for some shots like this.  I can't wait till the California Oaks start to leaf out.    Very nice shot. 

Cheers, 
DarvSimply beautiful! Thank posting it. 
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthBeautiful!

Seen on FluidrGREAT SHOT!  I was driving over vasco road the other day and the greens were amazing. thanks for sharing!* Excellent *beautiful colours...! Excellent.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is a beautiful photo. Congratulations!I like the landscape in this great shot.--
I think Northern California Photography group would suit your photo very well. I suggest you to take a look at that group.Terrific shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Beautiful!Della, this stanza of Francois Hoon's lovely poem is the counterpart describing your photo! :)

The place of green dreams
Under a darkened tree
upon green grass thick
Foretells the pleasure bliss may beWhat an interesting capture! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Arboles singulares, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful shot and very nice landscape. A lovely treedon,t tell me it's Hdr.if not ,very beautyfull.So beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tree Photos NEW competition 'CONIFERS', and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?²ˣ)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow. Beautiful green rolling hills!Just perfect Jade.... such a lovely orange!!! Happy Sunday to you too!Oooh I like this a lot!!  Great job!So beautiful ... what pretty colors!!Happy Sunday. Beautiful image.Nice focus and colours.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful composition.Nice Focus.I really love the texture you added to this picture. Very lovely and great colour tones.i love the tones in this! great image :DLove the composition!Really beautiful Jade!  I just love the flower, your composition and pp.  

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)The focus is PERFECT here. Gorgeous tones and love the texture. Your photos always has this refreshing sense of warmth.Cool! Your hands make the shape of a heart!Ohh so cute! I love the texture work too :)stunning color! so rich.Fantastic color! This is gorgeous.beautiful.  love the rich color.this is sooo pretty :)this has beautiful colors....Love this image - so pretty and the color of the flower just makes it so fabulous :) !!!!!!!!!!lovely image!!!!beautiful hand held image~

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!!! Love the colors of the flower!beautiful,Jade!!   xNicegorgeousWonderful image, Jade.  One of these days, I'll have to do a &quot;holding something&quot; shot.  Love how you processed with this, too!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So beautiful, Jade, and I love how the shape of your hands seems to form a heart around the flower.This is beautiful Jade , you should add it to holding poetry pool!heartwarmingbeautiful!LOVE this jade!!Beautiful color, texture and sentiment, Jade.Love the heart hands, love the orange too -- wonderful idea!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Really quite beautiful Jade...lovely light! I hope you had a great weekend my friend! We worked on India's science fair project most of today so that was fun! Have a great evening!  m-Really, really lovely. ♥Pretty!a heart-shaped nest of protecting hands
a hand-shaped boat for a warm floral sun.
oh, the quote!lovely!Beautiful! Congrats on the tiny treasures nomination...  now off to go vote!  &hearts;so gorgeous !Lovely image!  Congrats on the nomination!They are a gift from Above.  Wonderful composition and colors.i like the colors of it.. well done Jade.A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Beautiful! i love how your hands are cupped like a heart!loving and heartwarming picture!gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Publish My Flowers By 1st Love Flowers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love this Jade...just voted for you!!Just Gorgeous!!pretty!This is so beautiful! 
I already voted the other day! Yay!!! And Congratulations on the nomination.I just notices how your hands make the shape of a heart! Sooo beautiful!!!So so beautiful!
Thanks a lot for commenting :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is absolutely beautiful! And, the texture is fantastic!Gorgeous! Love the heart, the flower and basically just everything about this photo. :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks for uploading the details. these are great. I love that you use scalloped edge cutter. very cute touch.LOVE!These are stunners!Stunning...vintage green..DotTruly A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!................................................................. Speechless!  The artistic talent in this cookie speaks for itself.these are so elegant!simply stunning! I had to look again!!Those are sooooo nice Callye!!!These are beautiful!wow!!!! wow!!! wow!!! simply stunning!Oh, my! Fabulous!splendiforous!Truly Stunning!!! Congrats on Explore!!!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.beautiful photo!!lUV THESE!!!What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.Awesome color, beautiful work!This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!Please consider joining and adding this excellent image to the tabletop group at: www.flickr.com/groups/creative_tabletop_photography/looks groovy !

Invite me ! I will join in !;-)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )very attractive ideanice, ello ello.Cute place :)So cute - Bet it's a great breakfast !Looks very appealing to me too.interesting! beautiful colors!Lovely yellow shop...:)looks nice !Wow - thanks guys for the awesome comments.. Another place to try out when in London :)great shot.  love this place.nice line running throughout the frame - print the shot on a 18x12 metallic print and see it on a plain wall, the shot will stand out with its colors. Its worth the print :)Lovely colors

can vouch for this place myself as well...this looks so good, I must check it out next weekend!!great shot, congrats!I like the bright yellow colour, it gives the place a cheerful feel to it. A welcome sight on a rainy day.This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.That yellow building really pops!Thank you all for the favs and comments :-)gourgesyellow is my favourite color.. the comment of yogi bear was amazingGreat composition and colors.beautiful photoThis looks like a scene from the &quot;chronicles of narnia&quot;. 
Pure magic. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Definitely wonderland, gorgeous imageWow this is REALLY REALLY beautifully done Lori!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Dreaming - Photos (Admin Invite - Post 1 Award 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Make me Dream
You are INVITED to add this photo to:

Invited only, Post 1 = Award 2

If you get 5 or more Award for Dreaming - Photos
post your image here: Photos with 5 + AWARDS
* Please Tag iDreamSimply beautiful. I love that the colors of the sky are reflected in the ice. Well done!Wonderland indeed!  Beautifully capturedquintessential winter beautyBeautiful!  The exposure mask (?) draws one's eye right into the photo.  Bonus points for being a Westerville pic! :-)fabulous winter scene
perfect framing with the tree branches
you were very brave to venture out in all the snow but this photo makes it worth it

Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous Winter scene! Love the snowfall!Great Great shot!Love the snowfall....Love this shot!stunning capture, and love the natural framing of the branches.Hoover Reservoir never looked so good.  This is quite the Christmas Card. Happy February!  MDSpectacular!  I love how you captured the snow falling in this photo!a perfect postcard photo Lori,  Congratsexcellent!outstanding beauty~~~~~`--
This photo Make Me Dream 
http://www.flickr.com/groups/makemedream/)Beautiful shot

Found in
Not a day without my camera
--
Seen in the group&quot;Not a day without my camera (Award 1)&quot; ( ?² )INVITED TO:
 
&quot;THE Unforgettable Landscapes&quot;


marvellousPerfect for a Christmas card! So many great things about this.Absolutely beautiful.  The patches of icy water lead my eye right to the other shore.  Makes me think of the motion of ice skating. 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Ohio Foothills&quot; ( ?² )Ah yes, this Norwegian approves of this one!I completely agree with the Chronicles of Narnia comment- it's such a beautiful dream, a fantasy landscape. Perfect.Beautiful!  It's amazing that you got all that snow and down here in Circleville we only got 2 inches!Even after spending a couple of hours shovelling snw -- oh, my aching muscles! -- I must admit that winter can be very beautiful. Your photo captures that beauty. Thanks for sharing. (And next July, when we're sweltering in a humid heat wave, I'll look back at it lovingly!)This photo Make Me Dream 

Invited only, Post 1 = Award 2

If you get 5 or more Award for Dreaming - Photos
post your image here: Photos with 5 + AWARDS
* Please Tag iDreampicture postcard beautiful,i am so lousy at winter shots and am so envious of those who do them well, beautifully composed scene !!!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Beautifulsweet shot. . . I could see this on a postcard for christmas . . . . lonnienice compostion and colors, I like the falling snow.Thank you for your kind comments.Incredibly beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful! like a fairytale!* Excellent *i like this the framing is awesome and the way you have the photo leading your eyes into the open lakeFantastic snowscape, really well captured; this is like a little magic world.
Have a nice dayHi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is truly stunning!!!

As seen in Your VERY BEST ever
Our members appreciate YOUR very best ever!I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.This is a great captureBeautiful shot.Beautiful shot
i love iti believe youthis is so wonderful-you see if it stopped snowing we couldnt have this great photo.... lol
It's so beautifulWonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.superb winter imagewow. just, wow!Walking in a winter wonderland... You capture the most beautiful images! Lovely processing, too.Very pretty.Superb capture!! Love the composition &amp; the bokeh!!!!!!! Just perfect!


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.Beautiful bokeh.this is so wonderfulI was in a lazy, cranky mood today, too.
Your therapy and weaknesses seem like a lot less calories than my afternoon macaron mayhem! LOL

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~~fence friday~~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

you make me smile Esther~crisp temps~
no I have crisp temps;))
beautiful DoF

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)this is wonderful.LOVE the fence and the light bokeh. great shot, girlfriend.beautifulcool bokeh. I'll admit to a bit of Farmville addiction.pennacook:  thank goodness, someone has to feed my chickens!  thanks for fertilizing my roses  and crops!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Amazing bokeh - this is gorgeous!You have me so hooked on fences now...your shots are fab!!You could not have picked a subject more dear to my heart...fences and wonderful bokeh lovely capture my friend.Jersey Shore is addictive, isn't it? I'll tell you something--this fabulous fence and stellar DoF makes me want to fist-pump on the battlefield! :)LOL @ fist pumping!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I love the DOF, the solitary little light looks like it's blowing out bokeh bubbles... magnificent :)wow  I love this...that turquoise, light orange and green goes so well together!Hello Bokeh!!!!!!! Love it!!!!I love Jersey Shore,,grew up going to Seaside Heights.Funny to see a show filmed thereYou do good work with your fence therapy! Love that bokeh!wow, this has to be one my favorite fence shots from you Esther....the fine focus, the colors &amp; the bokeh all work so well together......Sure your not addicted to fences!!! LOL...love this! Beautiful dof, perspective and bokeh Esther!!!!!!!!  m-wow...amazing bokeh !Wow,love the bokeh!This is absolutely amazing!! Love the cloudy bokeh, the lights, that one light in focus and the texture on the fence! *drool*www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)superb dof! Love the bulb!cool shot!Nice bokeh!

Seen on Fluidrfabulous fencekeh!great shot and bokeh!Back to say: Yay for Explore, Esther! So well-deserved! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Crazy DOF..perfect!Oh wow!!  Thanks so much for your comments everyone, and thanks Explore!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is absolutely perfect bokeh
congrats on exploreLovely bokeh.Beautiful perspective and delicious bokeh!!!
congrats on explore....A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.love the bokeh!!amazingly doneBeautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Loved the focus!that is some pretty spectacular bokeh!!!Very beautiful and soothingWhat a striking image! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Wow - gorgeous shot - nice work!

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Love it, congrats on exploresimple yet very effective picture. love how you composed with the fence and bokeh. nice one!cool shot and congrats on the publication thing, you deserve it, your work is great :)Great accessories and idea!Cool shot!μικρές λεπτομέρειες που δειχνουν το πάθος για φωτογραφία :):):)Grand find !Fifth publication?  You rock!  But I'm not surprised.  However, I'm green with envy!  Cute earrings...perfect for you!  Wear them well.How awesome! and a great photo!nice one :).. just perfect! :-)I must have these.  And congrats to you!nice :Dαχα..  φοβερα λεμε..

χχμμ..  μου θυμισες τον εαυτο μου που φορουσα το καλοκαιρι ενα μπλουζακι με μια φωτογραφικη απο διαφορα υφασματακια..

ξερεις κατι;
νομιζω ειναι πολυ διαδεδομενο το αθλημα και μας εχουν παρει ειδηση..
:)))Incredibly 'Stunning'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work![http://www.flickr.com/photos/selinicreations/]
:)))that's awesome!Pretty earrings! :-DHi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

...well captured, Helen!
like the details

Congrats to the PUBLIC VIEWING :-)Lovely earrings, beautiful depth of field, and congratulations on the publication. Hope you had a great weekend.Bet they look great in those Vulcan ears LOLAmazing detail! I might just have to steal those earings from you. :Dahh lovely :)Nice, and congrats on the feature!so cool earings ! I want to take it ;(Cool earrings ;) Congrats on being in the magazine and on #5 - wow!nice!!!!!!those are cute! :) perfect for a photographer! congrats on being in the magazine!Υπέροχη λήψη! Συγχαρητήρια για τις δημοσιεύσεις! Πάντα τέτοια!lovely earrings! :DAwesome DoFDanke vielmals.

Seen @ Update Collection  
Thank you for sharing your High Quality Image.WOW congratulations on your accomplishments and nice earnings.these are g o r g e o u s !
greeen with envy.....Cooool!!!
Excellent!congrats:) and great shot:)Congratulations! This is fabulous!lovely earings.
And congrats!i have those too!!COOL shot! I love the earings! I NEED some like this!!!Awww those are so cute!so cool!!!Cute !! :)That's awesome congratulations!!  I've been published three times, each time feels like the first!  LOL.  Great earrings I sooo covet them.HI Helen...so good to see you posting. I would love a pair of those..really so sweet!! Wonderful presentation and focus.
Congratulations to you!!Nice one Helen. I like them.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Oh i Love these earings!! Really need a pair right now to give me a boost!
Lovely shot aswell &amp; Conrats =DColl shot :Doh how cute, I thought at first they were key rings; nice DOF and color and congrats on yet another publication - well deserved !wow congrats that's great!congratulations ,no-one deserves it moreAwwwwwwwwww these are so cute! I wish I had a pair too! :DIf only I had peirced ears! How cute! nice DOF in this btw.ooooh!!!
CONgRATS!!!!! Helen...
why, I for one am not surprised..
you are so talented,inspiring,creative,beautiful....and deserving...

and those earrings...sooo cute!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Cool shot, and congratulations on getting into yet another magazine!yay, helen. serious congratulations. but as   says . . . no surprise. you are truly gifted.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great find!just love these - so want a pair:-) and congrats on being published  (again:-)congrats on the publication ... and the earrings!  good catch (in both senses of the word).Cute.Εξαιρετική!!!!!
Συγχαρητήρια (για όλα)...........Nice earrings! And many, many congrats on the latest publication. I'll go looking for a copy tomorrow :)Awesome!
And congratulations on being published for the FIFTH time! :DGreat DoF, love itNice ear rings! Oh and congrats!πολύ ευρηματική!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)OMG... the perfect earrings for any photog!!

I think I can still fit one in my left lobe....I haven't worn earrings in ages, but I would wear these!Very cute!As if we didn't know you 'd wear nothing else but these on your ears!!!
;-)Congrats on the magazine! I'll have to get a copy. This is an excellent shot. Nice finde on the camera ear rings.keith olberman and etsy? great shot :)Aai, recognize the mood of hangin around..A simple shot and a good title. That's a fav!they are great !Θέλω κι εγώ!!Lovely !!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=6446983......how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)



Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Heeeey! Congrats on Flickr Explore Frontpage!!!!!!!!!! :-D Well deserved!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...want them! this is great!Nice pic , amaizing foucs
&amp;&amp; cute earings 

=)Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.Very nice!cooool earings ;-)
Congrats for the publication :-)Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningNice shot, congrats on your publication.i LOVEEE these !oh how cute!!
:D
they look like a necklace i got from forever 21..
I have a photo in my stream for it
:)amazing !lovely earrings! :)excellent depth of field creativity... Delicious smoth colors!!!too cute- lovely find and great composition
congrats on Explorestunning focus!love those earringsOh Congrats Helen. Both on the earrings, that are awesome and on the articles !! Great news - must be fantastic !!oh how cool ! great shot helen !amazing capture

seen in the flickr photo award groupWOOOOOOOOOOOOW! I want I want I want!  Whoever thought of this can take the rest of the day off :) And thanks to you for sharing!!!What a fabulous find!!! Great to see these lovely pair. Congrats on the publications!!!

Woohoo, I &quot;know&quot; a celebrity!!!so cute! I have a matching necklaceReally nice metal bodied  cameras - when do you feel exposed with them?lol, great looking jeweleryNice to see you posting again

I was wondering what had happened to you

Congrats on your fame :-)omg! i want those earrings! haha they´re cool, nice pic :DThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.I want those earrings. beautiful shot/.Great job Helen!
you're getting famous :D Once again in explore too!I love'em!  Congrats on the publish!  I will find a copy (but this will be for Euro version?)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/prestonrittenhouse/]
i believe it's a UK versionI like it !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

AWESOME EAR-RINGS :) TOO GOOD :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful workya queda menos para el verano ¡i si malgrat la feina trobem un matí... 
(L)Badalona?vaya colores mas veraniegos!beautifulEres una artista! ...
Un abrazo!
:)Molt bonic. Quins colors!quins colooors!! 
molt bonica la linia del horitzó!what a paradise!trobem un matí :)en el explore!!! felicidades!!!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=8722250...Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22616Beautiful! Love the sea, boats and roofs! Amazinglovely shot!Qué arte que tienes! (:no se cuantas fotos tuyas han sidoEXPLORE pero es la primera q veo, y mira q hace mucho q te sigo. Ya te hechavamos de menos por flickr.Fantasic compgreat composition and light :-)fantastic light!Awesome work !
Congratulations.Wow !! Amazing photo !!!Fantástica foto, hace que todo huela a verano.

Sau2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado in the mood  /post 1 - award 2, please/  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.desde aquí se puede oler a sal.Very nice!...trobem un matí, no em perdonaria mai, no podria assumir no agafar-te amb la moto i que no fessim camí molt lluny d’aquí...

No sé si té relació, però m'ha recordat :)Awesome shot!what a great feeling this evokesI saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2Your photo in it’s high quality is exceptional and shows a perfect beauty

… it looks as if it is just made for our sensitive group  …
thank you very much for sharing!

If you’ve not yet done, please remember: 
become our member AND: post 1 = award 2!



~ ~ ~ PLEASE don't forget to COMMENT 

and please assist in counting the awards YOU get. 
After recieving 4, please place your photo yourself into the group 4+
and you'll get the admin award.

THANK YOU ~ ~ ~Congrats on FP!
Well deserved!So peaceful :)I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Me encantan los colores de esta foto.
Y la luzzzzthe tones are so soft! i love this :DGran galeria. 

Un saludo.i si malgrat la feina trobem un mati...this the perfect shot of week =]i love it!Beautiful image, beautiful light!!!!nicce lighting and tones :DDI might be doing my taxes...?

you look totally glam with that boa, lipstick and fan!I just want to say one thing:

Geaux Saints!Our plans for the Super Bowl consist of my husband making his famous Super Bowl ham sandwiches, and he will watch the game. I will try to watch the game, but be frequently interrupted by two small children who can't sit still for more than 5 seconds and are not impressed by the aforementioned sandwiches, so I'll still have to cook. All in all, just a normal Sunday at our house. :)

I love this shot. The fan is the perfect touch.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This is really cool!  Love the hair.   ;-)  

For my super bowl sunday, I plan on doing a lot of housework  (no kidding)   and doing some photo projects I've longed put off.  As for the game, the Saints will win, it's just a matter of by how much,  I'm not even going to bother to watch.You look defiant? GREAT!big plans:  watch the game.  eat.

yay!

happy sunday Anna :)You look Fab even  with messed up hair Missy :)  Great shot.Beautiful shot as ever - love the expression :)  Sorry you have to work :(Damn Anna...how much hotter can you get.....

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Superb!Very niceMake me smile - thanks Anna! :)This is so f---ing sexy....pretty pretty girly!

no plans here... i didn't even know who was playing til yesterday. 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)very nice.. I'm a..er.. well.. fan...holy crapola I adore you when you are a mess :0 hmm did I miss the blue feather yesterday? I did? darn...kee well anyways..have a great day little messy geisha girl :)I still don't know who's playing (not that the names would mean anything to me anyways lol) but I'm probably going to crash at a friends house and make fun of their team and then later I have a shoot for someone's senior pics. (yay)

Love the fan and your little Marilyn Monroe freckle :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Preciosa!!This is so adorable, yet beautiful at the same time.the boa looks like a bubble bath! oh and the FAN! that fan will have to be in the smithsonian or something.This is so wonderful; I love it!!Beautiful photo reminds me of the song Madame Bovary or the story?
Great hair!
Yes...superbowl....no plans....don't want any!Funny yet sexy shot. 

I'll be home watching the commercials. I'll root for the Saints since that city went through so much in 05.Your expressions are fab :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)you look fabulous with a fan :)This is gorgeous!!You probably look gorgeous with bedhead!! :)THAT is your bed head? OMG.....WOW!!! (ummm, gulp!)Gorgeous...the lighting is perfect!great shots in your stream! love this one.this is beautiful!! great light!I'm no football fan, but everything about this photo is amazing!Sooooooooooooo pretty!!Scarlett does Madame Butterfly - i'm thinking most folks are not going to be scrutinizing the hair 

winderful image - so well imagined and realized

side note - WINDerful - - obviously the fly-away hair look, the fan and the feathers have gotten into my brainsuch glamorous bed-head!100% absolutely love this shot!!OMG I WISH I woke up with bedhead as sexy as this in the mornings!! Haha. WOW! Gorgeous, lady! The tones are so fabulously princess. Lips.... nice. :D And a great challenge. I can't wait to play! Good choice.Too cute! 

I'm not watching the game. Watching Titanic instead. Wow, I'm such a girl! ;) Oooh I'm watching Titanic too. :)so stunning anna! really you look amazing!You made Explore/Interestinness/last 7days

CONGRADULATIONS!!!super bowl?  who cares?  not me. your shot with the feather boa and fan on the otherhand is:

SUPER COOL.

no superbowl war.  it's super flickr for me.&quot;Well, I do declare,&quot;

WOW, look at that! A true southern belle. Gorgeous! and I love the hair!!Cool style.beautiful look :) 
and nice colors :)fantastic..love the expression..colors..exposure...evrything is good about this picWow, you sure know how to get dressed up and that beauty spot is a winner.
Just need a big hat and you'd be &quot;a day at the races&quot;
So this is how how... to stay in and have fun :-)
Perfect colours, tone, lighting and that fly away hair is a real trickHi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

just excellent!! the photo, the title and the meaning!!
a testimonial for superbowl lovers!! ahahahyou look beautifulI love how you paired bedhead with pink feathers and a fancy fan.  You're such a Southern Belle. :)awesome!!!Great attitude,
AI love it!!! The beauty mark is a cool addition!this is gorgeous, my dear Anna!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Classy Portraits - TIME TO VOTE Portrait of the week contest ope, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)i love this !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to add this to:

*****Five stars artistic images***** 
Um, this is amazing. Quite unbelievably so. Great workholy shit!Those colors are beautiful!wonderful bokehGreat Composition
---

Beautiful! I love the lighting &amp; bokeh. :DYou have this photo and you're happy, omg, it's crazySo lovely and simple.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous.Lovely and atmospheric - this has a dreamy, vintage feel to it. 

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Nice tonesThis is gorgeous. I love the way the glimpse of red really draws your eye all the way down the pierGreat perspective!  Love thisreally lovely.great photo, love the perspective lineslovely compositionWonderful. Very dreamy.Great perspective.i agree very dreamy and vintage looking!!this is cool!Lovely. Great coloursI love the perspective and softness in this, fab shotVery nice, love the tones and vintage feel.Don't you just love the beach at this time of year. That view is amazing

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Really lovely!Beautiful composition and feel to this!very cool shotI love the colours and the light. It looks like a faded old postcard from another era. Really beautiful.This is lovely - processed beautifully : )Lovely perspective, really like thisFab!Fab!Great treatment, beautiful shot...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY awesomethis composition is really beautifulThis is truly stunning. Beautifully composed. I love the processing as well. 

Seen on Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i like itbueno... el amor... es el amor!  :Dyes, tisI love your handwriting!
This is really cool (:haha thank you! :)aww this is soo cute :)
love this so much :Dthanks so much! :Dthis is adorable :Dthis is so cool, your handwriting is killer cute..!
love the sayings....!thanks so much you two! :) &lt;3nice list :)i like the tones! :)
your handwriting is pretty neat! like that too ;Dthanks guys! :DWell that did it for me I very inspired love love love this ::)) great carpet , heehee. Very nice handwriting.cool shot and nice word ;))Thank you both! :) &lt;3THIS IS TOO SWEET. :D ahhh &lt;3hahaha thanks girly!! :D &lt;3good idea

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Wow thanks so much i didn't even know it was explored haha :)i like the way you write numbers. :) 
interesting &quot;i want&quot; list. hopefully all of them become yours to see and achieve. 

:)Nice list.  I want someone to feel that way about me!i meant to ask you, if your ICON is in your stream?
I would love to see it somehow!Haha thank you all :)

Dre-nay - haha yes it is! :) right here :)aww, cute!thanks! :Dwow, this is nice :Dhaha thank you :))cool :DWhat an interesting capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.thanks so much! :)this is very cute! great capture too.thanks! :Dah everything i want :(well then i hope you get it all very soon :) &lt;3e x c e l l e n t .

great workthank you very much :)questa è peLfetta per i' contest (scusa i' termine...)!!!

g_uGeniale!!! 
Noi toscani siamo i meglio!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Non ho parole..!!!!ahahhahaha meraviglioso!!!Che spasso...
Ora lo cerco questo &quot;Spartaco I' Parrucchiere&quot;...Grande Spartaco!!! lo capisco :)ha meritato in pieno l'explore!
vista su www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/strepityosaahahahahahsplendido...ah ah ah ah ...  :-)))

Seen on Fluidreeeh, queste malattie di stagione!

;-)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Minchia che foto!. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.



Che  bel  carattere  hanno  i Toscani !!!    e  per  tutti  gli  altri  SSPThis is really good! 

Seen in Explore.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.:))))i love this :)very nice photostunning shotahh the lighting and tones are so gorgeousthis is magical @_@ the light is at that perfect time when everything casts a shadow, and the grass is so lush!
i get too excited about summer hhahaha
great work!I love the shadows!So Beautiful...lovely toneswhat a precious lightwow the lighting is magnifcent!!! the tones are as well :Dlovely play of light and shadowsso many shadows; i lovee it (:wonderful location! i want to go there.Wonderful shadows!this is so pretty, i can't wait for the summer to come back!yes! great atmosfere. congrats!gorgeous. i love the cmoposititon.beautiful shot!awesome light!Beautiful shot!I really LOVE all your photos :)oh i miss summer so much!
this is absolutely beautiful, i love it!!This is gorgeous!
The lighting is great!everything about this is beautifulyay another one!  You have beautiful lighting in your portraits :)you always have such amazing lighting in your photos.
i swear the sun never shines that much. :)
this is beautiful. :)another great one!!!beautiful femininityexcellent tone and lighting. nice atmosphereI'd like to see more details in the shadows, but he color is very nice.beautiful light and shadows.Lovely capture.  Nice serene setting and image.very nice light! fantastic photo!:)Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.Awesome work !
Congratulations.great shot !it's so magic !
:-)very pretty!!Great portrait.stunning!!I would say wonderfull. The use of elements and how they are placed together makes a fantastic comp. The processing is underlining the quality of this photograph. Congrats on Explore! Well deserved :)

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/A wonderful summer image, stunning with perfect light !!!



--
This is an artistic feminine expression!!!
Share it with us in:
 &quot; Art Is a Woman &quot;
Tag the photo: ArtisaWoman
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )love this!
the loght is great =]OMG I love the grass &amp; the light!Lovely light and great setting..what a gorgeous shot!!!!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningwonderful photolovely light!
Fav =Dahhhh, i want to go here! (:
great shotWow the lighting is AMAZING. And the outfit..eeee I want it! xwhoa ohhh. i absolutely love the mystery and enchantment of the trees as well as the color of the grass. amazing!wowowow.
nice shot
its like a fairytale!This is such a nice shot! All of your photos are amazing!! :)Great dof in this capture!  Love her relaxed and beautiful pose.loving the sun through the trees and the relaxed vibeNice shotlove all the light on the model and those trees in the backgroundwooow all part of this photo have anything of incredibleVery good capture! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Fantastic shot. Beautiful lightbeautiful!.-Amazzing .. 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me PlllllzRaw333a
مساء الجوري
روعه الاضاءه
بس اخاف من المودل
=Pphihih.. very nice!!yaaaaaay CUte ;**I Miss You walla .. =&quot;(=^.^=

FaV

B&amp;W رهيب

=^.~=nice

ربي يحفظهآ تجنن ;$
(kkk)

How cute she is! lovely! Very nice SHot and Lighting!Raw3a 


ربي يحفظهآraw3a alpic


favniice piiic

fave &lt;33
nice pic...
raw3aaa...
keep it up...
comment me plz :)... 
and note&gt;&gt;((new pic plz))&lt;&lt;


allah y 3insh 3la m7bobch ;s

oO el 9oora tfgiir ;D
[ Ąlмαŋşǿσrĭ ]..® →εxαмş 

-ƒαяσσѕ Qтя ;; α7вк 


ThnxS3o0ouD.Q6R→طيـٍحُنٍى 


Thnx7м‏‏๑๑D→ الـڪـواري BB.2139da69 


Thnxنـــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــايس والللللللللللله ابـــــــــــــــــــــــداااع

رؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤعه الصـــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــــوره

فــــــــــــــــــــــ العــــــــــــــــــــــــــــلالي دووووم انشالللللللللللللللللللللللله

كيـــــــــــــــــــــــــــــب ات ابـــــــــــــــــــــــ فوووووق

كومنت مي &amp; نوت بليز**الجوري**→algharafa ♥ 


Thnx 7boba ..~Mr L.C. 


Thnx` 3kσσsн♥[Yalla Twfe8k(h5)♥] 


Thnxн .η. α ♥ 


enty b3d w7shteeny Fdetch =Pp™ QάняŦнΜ ♥ ¤ Qня 


Thnxஇǁ҈ǁǁ| عاشقة ذكرى ̲̿|ǁǁ҈ǁஇ    


ThnxŝƷDά ♣ أستغفراللــہ 


ThnxMarcelloly 


Thnx }~آلشكوى ـآلله~ّŞдŵãƒ♥ 


Thnx♥~MISs.Mayo0oma~♥


ThnxThanby.hwetk 


Thnx╞«๖ۣۜнáмőŎőd álmёёήŎή~ 


Thnxαℓ_dάиgзя → ɋατяαωı ♥ 


Ameeen =Ppasmarny 5ayaly ((مضايق)) 


Thnxughh tjnn &lt;3_&lt;3
ya 3shgggy l ilcats:P.ThnxniCe piC ~ ^^على قلبي  يالغاليه 
انا رياني شاسويUn gato adorable. La foto excelente.
Un saludo.nice pic 
comment me =)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)мş.šρïş¥ 彡 ..غرامڪَ ع ـنواني 


ThnxMr.مستر عبود نظارات ـ-ـ-ـ-BRB ـ- 


خ ـلك غ ـرفـآوي .. -.-Charlón 


ThnxDNDN •• ρнoтograρнy 


ThnxSoleil is me.    


ThnxGreat lighting! Simply lovely!   BEAUTIFUL!   Congrats on Explore!excelente!!*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` n!ce p!c 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`  
 
www.joriqtr.comناااااااااااايس والله 


يسلموو عالبيك يا غرفاااويه 


عاااد كومنت منج لاني غرفااوي 

كومنت ماي نيو بيك 


lahijadeunminero    


Thnxratbril    


Thnx²º¹ºأعآنےٍ بصمَتِ{ لمسة حزن 


Thnx[الفـ اسمراني ـهد][im at WAR] 


hh akeed ..So Cute 
=)


XD 

raw3aaa wallla 
NII!!Ce al pic .. :P

comment me plz .. XD ~ 

www.flickr.com/photos/21846251@N03/4336508217/Ms.Meme~ ♥ ~brb 


Thnxن ; &lt;/3~~ 


Thnxяω333333α ♥

Ni!iCe Pi!ic 

Comment me + Note ♥Soooo cute!Favnice
والله 
raw3a
الصوره 
keep
ات اب
doom
الابداااع 
comment 
مي
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/36564408@N07/4326999621/]كيوت 

=)WoOw !!
Amazing Work (Y)
LOVE THE EDIT :D 

Can U CommenT MY

Ḟαĥǿǿḏ ǍℓŜαḏḏαωί ~ ٱح ـپڪ 


Thnxsillygoose82-catching up    


Thnx»SώάrǾvşki«™ 


ThnxmR.bosanod 


Thnxٌஐ◄▓▒--&gt;ŝ3őőđ→Йŧőőƒ¥&lt;--▒▓ 


Thnxмя.МøØøĐч 


Thnxnicooo


co0oment me plzHi, I'm an admin for a group called Cat's Meawww*Post 1 award 3~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!adorable!n!c3



p!c



Rw3aa



CuTee


FaV


CoMenT
Me ~favJust perfect!!! So cute.this is nice thanks 4 sharingWat een schatje!Lovely picture!
 You are the CAT'S MEAWWW!!!
From The Cat's Meawww Award group.So cute!

 n!ce 

raw3a 

Comment Me 



Beautiful :*) You are the CAT'S MEAWWW!!!
From The Cat's Meawww Award group.kitty!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sonidoaleatorio/4026629353]FAVawesome image...bravo on Explore!
--

 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) 
Please tag your photos ImpressedBeauty 
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Thnx&lt;3 pic 
Rw3aa

commenT Me plz 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) beautiful photo ..
.. I really like the composition, lighting and detail, is really a great job!cute ;*~Just stopping by for 
another SNIFF of this 
Impressively beautiful image!
You deserve ANOTHER 
nose worthy award!~
 
Impressed by your Beauty!
Find 2nd Sniffer HERE.Lovely picture!
 You are the CAT'S MEAWWW!!!
From The Cat's Meawww Award group.Ohhhhhh!!cuuute kitty!!!i love the lights...amazing photo!!awww what a beauty. Seen on ExploreHi, I'm an admin for a group called * World's best Nikon shots * (invited pics!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Amazing shotlovely kitty, awesom pic :)so cut...and the picture is perfect.WonderfulSeen In Explore Front Page &lt;3 , FavHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Please read the group rules before posting.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.adorable :)very good photo and very cute catThe background enhances the lovely flowers.so pretty!  love the colors - the pink with the light green is lovely
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )ohhhhh... this looks so pretty !!gorgeous softness and bokeh Fathimah :) just lovely!Where I am it's cold, snowing and icy. This makes me crave for Spring! Such a great image - tones, lighting, compo and wonderful bokeh :Dsuch a beautiful capture Fathimahso gorgeous ♥ &amp; the colours look so pretty
great shot !! mashalhSo pretty in pink, :). Love it! moreeeee7 ll a39aaaaaabLovely...........just beautiful !
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)beautiful shotVery pretty, love the colours!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Gorgeous image! Lovely colors and bokeh!Thank you everyone! :) 

tisha snaps: snowing? wow I wish I could see that :Dbeautifull love the soft coloursperfect focus and gorgeous colors!oooo...  look at those huge bokeh balls!  Love it!
Wonderful soft focus and lovely pink tint as well.Beautiful rich colors.....cool bokeh..Fabulous work!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oooooooooooo, very pretty &amp; gorgeous bokeh.  Beautiful image Fathimah!OHhhh &amp; Ahhhhh!  this is just a great soft palate of colors...Loving it!!!delicious colour
 really &quot; ًً awesome 
&lt;3 your edit in it ~

FAvdَُ
♥


beautiful pink flowers!
And wonderful bokeh shot.=)This is just gorgeous!!!Beautiful pink flowers! Love it! :)Very, very beauitful!So pretty!excelente!!this is so pretty and gosh...that bokeh is amazing!!!Zinnias on Jan 3!  Love them as a group and really like the one you chose for the focus.  Such a pretty color and that bokeh is wonderful, Fathimah!  

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very neat!Beautiful, soft and dreamy.  Lovely bokeh.  Excellent shot.Wow...! So beautiful colors &amp; lovely bokeh..!
Missed ur post very much..!
As perfect as eva,...tooma! i'm in love with this photo *.* how pretty?
loving the colours, bokeh, b/g, edit and focus :D
did you used macro lens in this shot?

well done ;-)pretty :)cool! :)

Seen on:

Thanks for sharing!Wonderful

=D.... this is stunning - the framing the colors the bokeh ... Superb :)Stuning bokeh! Congrats for a job well done!love the colors and bokeh :) great job!pretty!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Beautiful...great DOF!amazing walahVery Beautiful! &amp; sweet bokeh ^_*lovely !Lindo ! Very beautiful ! ; )Beautiful!spectacular capture
awesome bokehlovely colors &amp; DOF!!!Lovely flowesr! Beautifully captued! Enjoy your time!


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Lovely. 

Seen on:

Thanks for sharing!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthbeautiful colors, gorgeous bokeh!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)oh i love the blurry circles, beautiful effect! :)

-------------------------------------------

Seen on:

Thanks for sharing!

-----------------------------------------------------Awesome Bokeh and lovely captured

Well taken dear Fathimah

=)This is delightful, Fathimah - instant fave!like this!&lt;3__&lt;3! amazing♥ it 
3jeeb il.focus !aham shai A =P
ilpic (Y)amazing shoot wallaTjnn &lt;3Raw3al.Focus unbelievable Mashallah!
in loove with the colors =)favwonderful , well taken =)jamelah


Tanx all .. Nicee =)
wooooow
niiice al fox &lt;3
&amp; lovley clore :)الفـوكس + العزل واو ماشاء الله !el Focus &amp; el colorz ♥.♥More than Beautiful &lt;3FaaVi donnu what was it :]

but it's cool ;]!

Abs,
Bruno Camelo

www.flickr.com/photos/bruno101

www.flickr.com/photos/maosde101nice focus..!
lovely shot..Wow *.*ilfocus!:O&lt;3 FOCUS :O♥amazinnng ♥i like background colors 
yslm ly el fan o ra3ytah &lt;3Thanks everyone ..Moot :|  &lt;3Amazing ~A ; ♥♥♥♥FAve  Great Focus Mashallah !! Love My 7rf hhh lool :) 
Lovey Treatment &amp; Beautifull Colour ^^ 
Great Work &amp; Gd Luck N The Project ^.^ 
Waiting 4 The Next Art :)  Great focusThanks all ^^'
mnwreenNice1
keep it up sweetyThnx ..
Greatmerci.FAVThanksgreat focus :O
Loved it lo M a7la hhhh :P 
www.flickr.com/photos/sweet_momo/4336662049/ - : pleaseM is coming soon .. ^^'o'3remt fl alwan &lt;3:)

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرA&lt;3amaaaaaazing photo 
very very great 
keep it up until the top
comment plz
 Thanks ..raw3aTy@@
الألوان  عندج غيرررررر 
تهبل تجنن تلفت النظر  :P

walla love it mn mn mn &lt;3

=)

انتي كذا 
( Y )Thaank you ^^&quot;(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )


A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Faved ♥Lba my shexshy letter:*
sure favvve..my 7rrrrrf ;OThanks all :)Wunderbare Farben, fantastische Bildaufteilung und eine gekonnt eingesetzte Textur. Was will man mehr? Ach ja: Wissen, wo du das aufgenommen hast ;-))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Game :  Bronze Level ( by Invitation // P. 1 ~ A. 2 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful textured scene, really like this nice pov on this impressive bridge
--
Your photo is invited ...
Welcome To The Game !!!!


The Game : Bronze Level
Post 1 &amp; Award 2 ....
Collect 5 Comment Awards to receive your invitation for the next level .... The Silver !!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )lovely!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² ).what an awsome bridge! and you caught it in just the right light.....just gorgeous, as alwaysHi, I'm an admin for a group called Re-creaciones, and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfect timing with the train. fantastic shot and treatment :)Excellent work and very good composition.Wonderful capture, love the treatmentThis is so beautiful Dyrk!  What a beautiful scene!Gut bearbeitet. Meisterlich, wie immer :)This is a splendid image!! Love it...Splendid !!!


Please share your shot at the Love It group: Love It Post 1/Always Comment 5!
Invited with SOS!Wow, wonderful texture and great composition


CheersGreat autumn atmosphere an texture work...Very nice!BeautifulAdmired in Flypaper Texturesthat's a cool bridge.  nice shot.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Sehr schöne Stimmung und Licht.. toll!

[ via Dyrk.Wyst's flickriver &nbsp;--Yves. ]A fine work with texture, perfectly blendednice catchBeautiful!  Great texture!Superbe  une  belle   compo  bravoDie Aufnahme ist worklich wunderschön ... der Vintage Look ist perfekt!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bridges and Tunnels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wunderschöne stimmung und aufnahme !

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)W
o
n
d
e
r
f
u
l
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthNice shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful view and texture!This is so amazing. I love this. and you! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :Dawesome set and messageAbsolutely love this! That quote is so perfect.Love the edition, the colors... Lovely!And I've always been led to believe it's like a box of chocolates! ;-)

Love the smiles here!love these. and the fisheye camera :)Nice compilation Allyah this is so great, love it!I love this one! So cute!Hi lovely Abi!
Wonderful compilation. I love it so much. It brings a lot of joy to me.this is lovely! I love the concept :)i love this, shes so pretty, the tones here are gorgeousssss!A fabulous set of images!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Lovely idea, and I love the top-right shot - very cool :)beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.wah this one is awesomeCool. I love that sweet smile.I really like this :)cute analogy! :)woooow, this is so cool, I lovedlove the quote! and the picture :]Cute and cute. jajajaj hola desde Venezuela.Beautiful!LOVEEEEE the photo and the quote as well.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2920858...Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Brilliant Image :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1032085@N21/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


ITA
Partecipa al contenuto della rivista fotografica Potpourrimensile,
clicca su questo invito e leggi come pubblicare le tue fotografie.
EN
Join the content of the photo magazine Potpourrimensile,
click on this invite and read how to publish your photos.

__________________________________Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Love it!!!!Really cute, *-*Wonderful composition and a funny set too! great creativityHi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hehe, this is so adorable! :]

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Life is like photography ! 

YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYesssssssssssssssi really like your photo's ally:) love the focus!!!Perfect quote!! I love the mosaic you've created, every shot is fantastic..love her expressions!congrats!
this is amazing! :)Great idea, great message, great shot! congrats!awesome squared. . . get it?? 
LOVE THIS TO BITS!Fantastic work, very creative and interesting.

Greetings!!this is brilliant - so many congratulations on your frront page, well deserved. LOVE THIS :)How cool! Not only the pictures, but the concept, execution, and the words!Very nice punch lineNice shot
Seen In:
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!
www.flickr.com/groups/mycameraneverlies/brilliant capture
i love it!!!Awesome compliation.Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.this is pretty awesome!! the title is so good!Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 

No limits-Sin limite
Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2very cute!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Very very nice!!Great series, and that quote is brilliant!Great shot! very originalbrilliant!excellent
congratsi've heard this quote before, said a little bit different, but i still love it.
and your image is perfect!! 
&lt;3wow this is fun and just perfect in every way.... great job! you could put this in a magazine and win awards!love this Ally!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I love this!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I absolutely love this picture! (:So clear, I love the blue :)Smart!!!Great tones of blue and very artistic compo!Equilibrium, composition, colors and clarity: perfect shot!Wonderful shot dear!!!
Really love it.very nice shot !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group good shoot, i love the colour and the point of viewCool shot! =DLovely shot!nice one, great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Colour Makes Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!GREAT composition.  I really love the negative space.Brilliant compositionlove ıt...............I love this image.  Very original.  It would make a great clock!  With the real hands fitted exactly where they're pictured!  I'd buy one.I really like the toning.So pretty, looks great in B&amp;WBeautiful.
Perfect portrait.great focus!this is stunningBeautiful tone and composition, very prettyi love your self portrait and this is a beautiful shot, really.
i like the light and your expression!Simple is good.  I like the mood and the lighting a lot; the only thing I notice that could improve it is the posing of your left hand.excited!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i like it, very intimate ...this is stunning. i love the contrast!This is beautiful. Great Light!too cool for school.great portrait....

Seen in ExploreOh goodness, thank you all! 
This was one of three photos I took, which I'll admit is very unusual.
Didn't have much time though I'm glad you enjoy it.nice portrait,, great focus!lovelovelove the photo it shine with QualityBeautiful! Great portrait.Gorgeous shot and gal!love the lightWonderful b/w!nice portraitrat

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)Great portrait!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Retratos art., and we'd love to have this added to the group!I wish I could take better portraits.. yours are awesome! Thanks for sharing your work.. it's inspiring me to try harder.Awesome black and white. Truly outstanding 



--
Seen in someone's favorites. (?)This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Oh, this is just so beautiful.so beautifulbeautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Our Queens and Princesses In Our Lives, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful black and white. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )

Awesome ,

Good Lighting ;)Natural light is where its at.


i love your hair and the light looks awesome :)i love your self portraits.
so lovely.This is beautiful. The ones in the comments are gorgeous as well.
(&amp; I have that shirt, haha)all of these are so fantastic.
i love the shadows! :)this is lovely. i love natural light.nice shot,very good.........you're so cute :) very pretty.good shot! (:Sublime lighting makes the most of the stunning modellove it!beautifulLia - EAT&lt;3 You have beautiful feelings, this series is a favorite of mine out of yours.nice one, great shot!lovely photoHi, I'm an admin for a group called Our Queens and Princesses In Our Lives, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

love this portrait. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Awesome! The ones in the comments, too. Great job. Love that natural light :)))beautiful!! lovely photo - great bokeh, adorable little girl!Very nice... she is very pretty.great shot! lovely smile!Beautiful!  Great smile!Nice capture!beautiful!!OMG!!! what a cutie!!!!!Beautiful little girl and a beautiful portrait!great shot of a darling girl who loves the camera.adorable!Cute!this is such a stunning moment.  i love her confidence.Ya5ti 3leeha elCuuute ;** Mashalla 
♥ed the Fouces , the Capture and the Words &quot;&quot;
Welldone , it's totally Great 
(+ Fav)this is so cute!!wow..this is so beautiful :)wow, what a happy and pretty photo : )What a beautiful portrait, Cindy.she is adorable!
beautiful portrait!really sooooo beautiful!!!mmm, so cute tendernessOhh so woow...loove itCute and lovely shot! Nicely done.like the square cropLovely ! :)beautiful.Aw, how adorable. 
Love the green!Oh she is such a cutey! Lovely darker finish on this Cindy.LoVeLy EyES !!!!beautiful eyes and tonesBeautiful shot of a beautiful girl.  Is that a filter applied?so cute, love the editing :)wowThe eyes are so popping.  I love this.Beautiful girl!  Beautiful shot!felicidades por el explore!!
precioso retrato!!!this is adorable!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Human Faces: Fascinating Just the Way We Are, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?²ˣ)Beautiful portrait!how beautiful eyes!endless beautifull...Oh myyy, I love this picture!! Beautiful eyes :)This is really good! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.So pretty. Lovely, really.riveting imagery~emotionally evocative pp~xx

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Wonderful !!!!! ; ))

Congrats! You have been awarded the

 
Mia's Best in Fine Art Award 
You are invited to post this photo at 
Mia's Best of Fine Art Gallery 
Please Tag Image miasbest
Post 1 invited work - Comment on 1

~Adm  approved~ 

New !! Challenge I ~ Your Interpretation of Romance ~ Feb 2nd till 50 photos met
www.flickr.com/groups/miasfineartgallery/discuss/72157623...
*Feel free to post up to 3 photos from your stream and do not forget to ask for your invite if needed*So cool and sweet.love it! &lt;3 &lt;3 :)so pretty and simple!! love the processing!beautiful!!!Love the texture!!!stunning - really greatlovelyso expressive!so artistic ♥Beautiful texture!another sweet creation! :)Great Job!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)You are so brilliant.lovely.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so lovely !!!!This series was truly breathtaking, Darla. Congratulations. :)&hearts; really love this and you :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called x-treme  -  photographic experiments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So clever...love!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Are you dreaming my memory ?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Representation is to Art as War is to the State, and we'd love to have this added to the group!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow!brilliant.. 
Thank you for sharing!

Seen in Are You Dreaming My MemoryLove this image.
Very well done.
Seen in Tiny Treasuresi love the texture. :)That is one of my favorite songs. Love, love, love.This image has really nice texture.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
&lt;3 wow!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.nice composition.
really good.i soo love this!I love the selective color!love this!n!ceHi, I'm an admin for a group called Romantik-Fotos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called bitches brew (comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

brilliant! :))Wooo. 
damn man,this is kick ass.
love the use of the texture...Just Gorgeous! Love the whole concept! Great story is told here. 


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh my god, it's you! How? Fab!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Awesome man ... so creative !!!Wow... wow... wow. I can't believe how good this is. You got mad skills, that's for sure.This is wicked.  I am absolutely obsessed with your stream right now.zoooooooooooooooooooooo vethe is back :)) great work sweetie....please continue reading :))magnificent work! a masterful image. instantly faved!!!Great work !!Sweet!Wow.Very very zen! Awesome!Ahhh geweldig! Je kan ook echt zien dat jij dat links bent! Prachtig!WOW, the photoshop master is back. Love it. Instant fave.beautiful :)Incredible, you are truly an artist my friend!You must have the most intense dreams!  This is beautiful, I love your story world...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)just. wow. 

You need to make a book of tutorials so us mortals can learn a tad about how to be this good!Brilliant work dude, instant fav..Excellent work!!This is so amazing! Great skills!Hah! Brilliant!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Imaginātio, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Uit het juiste hout gesneden, zou ik zeggen.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art and Photography 18+ ADMIN INVITE ,  ONE COMMENT PLEASE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Vista In
 Imaginātiosuperb  work !whimsical! I like it. Thanks for submitting it to Disciples of the Roving Heart.Thats one way of interpreting that...the best way! Awesome! =)i like it!OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is soooo amazing, you have some amazing processing skill's and imagination!Awesome! Great processing!!!excellentwhat an awesome dream. i love the expression of the big ol face.Ahhhh I LOVE your imagination!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wow! Hoe de hell heb je dit gemaakt?!? ;)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!HOLY SHIT!!!! This is one of the most amazing things I have seen! Just awe inspiring.Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Fave wederom!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE VISION OF SURREALISM (digitalart)  - Admin Invite  - P1/C1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

A REAL SURREALISTIC ARTWORK


(invitation only)
please give 1 comment on 1 postA REAL SURREALISTIC ARTWORK


(invitation only)
please give 1 comment on 1 postHi, I'm an admin for a group called ART UNI INTERNATIONAL P1/C1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful conception, wonderful image!
Seen in Disciples of the Roving Heart.Great pp work....Bravo!A REAL SURREALISTIC ARTWORK


(invitation only)
please give 1 comment on 1 postHi, I'm an admin for a group called ~The TheatRe of the Absurd~ / Invited only /Post 1 / Award 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh this one, this one, this one!
Its gorgeous!1

2

3

4
Love it.this is so so beautifullove thisGod I love your style.I love them all! 
Your pictures in general are so good! 
Great job! 
Keep it up :)wow great shots!!! Why are you so awesome ?i adore this. you're style is wonderfulyour photos are always amazing :DLovely photos! :Dlove em allbeautiful work and styleyour colors are so nice and i am in love with your styleOH MY GOD! they are all so lovely!I love your outfit and how your hair and your clothes fit with tones of the painting. Your pose is beautiful as well.your photography is simply amazing. im not even kidding.They're all lovely and your outfit is awesome! :]I freaking love your style!
and the color of this?
How do you get the colors like this?
It kinda looks like film :)I just mess around with the curves on Paint Shop Pro 8 until I enjoy it. And I occasionally add a layer of color :]Sweet, thanks :)
I use Picassa! It works wonders alsooAwesome!!!

[ via Julien Denoyer's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Julien Denoyer ]they are all soo lovely!
love the colours and your outfit :Dcan't wait to see the snow pics :)Oh my goodness, this is lovely.I love all of these :) gorgeous outfit and frame behind youbeutifulloveloveI really like the vintage effect you achiEve on your pics!!! Looks like a polaroid! nice nice nice :Dthis is freaking lovely.Your stream amazes me.the lighting and colors in your pictures are always so soft and delicate, i'm in love with it.Great shots! Welldone!they are all great (:Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:YA TENEMOS GANADOR!!!(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great shots !!!!!!!  i love it !!!!!!!!!these is lovely... i love your pose... and im in love with your outfitnice processing, i like it  . me gusta mucho.so gorgeous!

lovely processing :)oh my! i love this .this really made me smile with the vintage looks and just the sunlight and your pose.you are so good. it makes me so jealous!Ahhh I'm speechless. Your stream is brilliant, as is this photo. The tones and your pose are pheonominal.very cool idea, nice photo!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1232321...Nice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Lovely Image... Reminds me of Florence WelshWonderful work !
Congratulations.Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)i adore the tones in this photo
it's lovelyI have those glasses too :D great photo!Love your style. Nice play with prints here.I love this! Great colors.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called walking and dreaming, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful photo!you're amazing.  the pose and your clothes are always gorgeous 
i hope you're alright without the heater!Way cool. They all look greatttt :)Great image. Your eye makeup matches the blue perfectly. Great work!!very pretty. :]Love this! :)I liked it beacause it's not centred. nice pic!!!!This is amazing.
And i LOVE the outfit !!gorgeous (:Awww. how LOVELYYY!oh my this is so beautifulsuper cute photo. love it.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Indie/Folk/Psychedelic Hall Of Fame, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )you are tooo good. i love your hair and your movement, and your expressions, and where you take your shots. god i love these all:DFirst! 

Hahah, fun!Hahaha...my first thought was &quot;don't cross the streams!&quot; before I had a chance to read your description.  Very well done! :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)So cool!!Yay!  aww... now I want to see that movie..wowBrilliant!Love itReally good! Did it take long to find a lightsource that gave enough painting time without over-exposing the troopers?Does their aim improve with proton packs? ;-)Excellent!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Yes!watch out for the ectoplasm.Freezed light is awesome...very nice!So great Man !!! Congrats !!!I love your toy's ideas, congratulations!haha! great idea! seen on explore!This is awesome! Congrats on the explore, that's where I saw it toolol, I love thissnowday shadowplay?Generally speaking, I love your self portraits, Ansel.  This one is no exception.This one simply rock.  Amazing lighting (what there is of it).Dig it, man! :)Great!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Self Centered Sunday, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
great control of light!the light!The darkness, and the side lighting, and the light in your eye; that's pretty marvelous.Love this...the lighting is perfect.killer!Digging the lights. And love the gesture That window really makes it.all about light and shadows :)well planned. really invites curiosity.Fabulous light!  Alas, we see the dark side of Ansel! ;-)a great sp! I love the low key and your expression. Wonderful jobgreat lightcool self!Ahh, terrific Ansel.great shot, mister. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunning lighting!very nicegreat light.smooth..Nice.Ansel marked SP :-)great contrast !!

 YOU ARE INVITED!! 

 

Your photo is a superb shot or has more 200 comments or 20 favorites so you have been invited to join and post your photo at Simply Your Best Photo...Thank you and enjoy it !!!awesome great lighting!!! great SP!!ohhhhh, wonderful portrait. love the lighting : )Beautiful black!
great autoportrait

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)cool job...very nice shot!
congr!

www.flickriver.com/photos/corvo_torvo/popular-interesting/Awesome CaptureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Fotografías en blanco y negro(post 1/award 2) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

CONCURSO/CONTESTSuperb! Love the darkness with that splash of light. Great take.fantastic light and mood!so good .geat light!Very Nice S.P!!! :)I like how you shaped the area around the nose.
The mask looks like it was carved from stone!Unbelievable!!! So impressive, great origami mask design!!!
And I'm wondering if there is any color-change in this design:pExcellent work. CongratulationsBeautiful!Amazing! Fantastic design and excellent folding. Congratulations!This is great!very good!!A true masterpiece! Congratulations!Absolutelly amazingORLY???... Amazing! Great work!Amazing!perfect.Dear Victoria:

I am really glad with your participation in the Jousting.  I have already accept your inclusion in the flickr group and will sent you the forms asap.  Welcome to the contest.

Eric Madrigal
HeraldSo great!!!enhorabuena, perfecta!!this is outstanding! really beautiful!Very cool.Amazing!из золотистой фольги вообще будет бесподобно!Cool!~Thank you very much!

Мадияр, возможно вы и правы, но мне такую найти пока не удалось.Origami Wind, if to fold from bi-colored paper then would get the following:
it has a color change! amazing! i would love to see it from gold paper on one side and blue and gold striped or all blue on the other! :-)To find a suitable paper is a big problem. Moreover I still get bad to glue sandwich. :-(   May be someday...ok. never mind. :-) the origami community has something to look forward to at least! :-P
P.S. did you gen my flickr-mail i sent you recently?Brilliant, awesome !Thank you, Origami_Hunt!

Petr, I've got your flickr-mail and I've answered it by email yesterday.
One moment, I'll send you the same through flickr-mail now...ah i am sorry. anything come to my normal e-mail inbox :-/Oh my goodness, Wowwww!Shuki.kato, thank you!Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Woooow!!!!!Wow Is amazing amazing, awesome!!!!!!!!Very good, I like it.Great!Thank you!!!you are great!It's incredible. I like it very much.Thank you very much!!!That is the greatest thing I've ever seen...So lovely.Awww, such tiny whiskers!  AdorableThe whiskers are just amazing.  Perfect.  Love the little nose too :)The look like seals. What a cute smiley face.They do, don't they? :)OMG they are so cute, makes me wanna get rats again, but I dont think they would like my cats &gt;.&lt;I only wish I could travel that far Jess!  Such an adorable capture, I can't wait to see your pics of the ones that you are keeping as they grow up :)I could go all the way to the UK just to kiss that little sweetheart on its head :) I miss rats, I miss my rats :(that is a wonderful photo
being able to handle these littluns from so small will give them a great startI wish I could fly across the pond from California just to kiss those little cuties...I miss my rat Jak too (he died about the same time as Bug).OH MY - so cute!!!It's true that they look like seals!! lol. They remind me of the seal on the Disney movies i used to watch when i was little.
So extremely cute!!I wish I could, I live close enough!!
I have 4 cats though, BIG NO NOPlease get them neutered. It's shocking how fast they can multiply.Great shotThey are little lovies!a supertiny seal xD
very very beautiful shotalltoomuch - I don't plan on mixing them after 4 weeks. I've got two biggg cages so I don't see why I'll need to. But I may consider neutering the girlies in time.this makes me sad. it reminds me of the pinkies i have to  feed my snakeI think it would be a great idea to get the girls spayed. For health reasons, but  it'd also nice if all your ratties could live together, too. I bet Henry would love that haha. I know it can be expensive, but it could save you in the long run. I just lost two of my rats, and spent over $1000(au) just in the last 2 months on vet bills. :(

Anyway, these pics are seriously cute, Jess. If only I lived in England! I need a couple of buddies for my, now lonely, Lilly.It's amazing they can breathe through those tiny little nostrils!aw it's all snuggled up!It would be sad to split them up, and there are very good health benefits if they're neutered. However, I can understand that cost is prohibitive.awww.. never knew rats could be so cute ;)very cute :)Their little faces are just magic. My family hate them but I think they are adorable, I'm always catching our visitors humanely and moving them on (I'm sure they just make their way back haha). 
A lovely image and I like the B/W too.Oh~~I'm very far away from you...

Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)explore! :)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mariesol/4336747599/]well maybe she didn't know about you here. i've seen sooooo many pictures from flickr on other sites where the author wasn't mentioned.
anyway i hope things will be ok&lt;3This is a great picture. Good luck defending you rights!

They can try to copy you, but they cannot copy your talent.She's 14 years old... she'll learn, she'll grow.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.I love the composition and the title!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
----------------
A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.
invited with SICI (2009-09-11)yours is way better.It is annoying when that happens, sadly there isn't much you can do about, it's hard to keep things original these days.  The plus side is 9 times out of 10 when someone tries to re-do something that has already been done it is not as good, which in this case is true.  Chin up. (:omg! this is so ridiculous,the problem is not that she doesn't have creativity, the problem is that she has no character and dignity.and your fish is more beautiful and cute. hahayou shouldn't give a fck...Ich finde dein Bild um Längen besser. Die Qualität und alles und die Idee ist echt cool. ;) Mach dir nichts draus. Ich bin mir sicher sie wird es irgendwann einsehen und/oder ein schlechtes Gewissen bekommen. :) 

Schulstühle. :D Ich mag diese Fischbilder von dir. Sehr schön...:)Sony you have to go through this.Nice lighing and good idea too!wow

fantasticreally love the confusion ...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)i've had that happen to me from my own friends on FACEBOOK 
not even flickr, on facebook where everyone knows i did whatever first. 

its pretty pathetic :/

sorry. but this picture is really cool. 
i love it :)OMG - another &quot;water&quot;gate! :O ;-)

Das sie einen Zusammenhang leugnet ist allerdings ne Frechheit und ziemlich lächerlich, um nicht zu sagen DUMM. 
Tja, die heutige Jugend hat halt kein Gefühl mehr für Recht und Eigentum. Die ganze Welt scheint umsonst zu sein...

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )That really sucks, but I do love the inspiration you got from it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Das ist natürlich eine ganz schöne Frechheit - vor allen Dingen, dass sie leugnet. Aber andererseits: Sie ist erst 14, ein Kind. Ein dummes Kind, ja. Aber immer noch ein Kind. Setz sie auf deine Ignore-Liste. Viel mehr wirst du leider nicht tun können. Und wie ein anderer vor mir schon geschrieben hat: Sie kann deine Ideen klauen, nicht aber dein Talent. Und davon hast du eine ganze Menge.  
Ich hoffe, du lässt dir durch so eine Göre nicht den Spaß am Fotografieren verderben. Wäre schade drum (vor allem für mich, denn ich freue mich immer wieder auf's Neue auf deine Fotos)Brilliant shot, pity about the context. Some people find it very hard to find inspiration, but to go as far as to copy someones photo is just wrong! Your photo is the only true version, looking at the quality it shows that you are a photographer, but the best she can create is a cheap knock off. I would be offended if it happened to me!Excellentwonderful expression of what happened. I am very sorry to hear that someone copied your idea, your effort, your art. Im kind of in a situation where someone is copying and calling it &quot;inspiration&quot; and &quot;their own interpretation&quot;- I see it as a little bit of photography dying. It is a true pity but I hope that you move one and keep creating. No one has your unique ideas, creativity, or passion for photography; yeah sure they can copy but the truth of the matter is that they can't create, which is the saddest part really. So I encourage you to do what you are doing, point out and keep track of who copies you, and protect you art!grab your pitchforks and torches!?!?!?cheap imitation!Don't be discouraged, acknowledge your feelings and stand back and look at the way in which you responded. For all this has been hurtful..you responded with a new unique creation that has come from your heart. Such ability is rare indeed. Your photostream is inspirational, and in that you should have real pride, not simply about being technically adept but rather with that extra something that transforms a recorded image to true artwork. Imitation is said to be the sincerest form of flattery but sadly it's subject to personal integrity and professionalism. Hopefully the young lady will take on a little more of both with time. Keep doing what you do so well Marisol.You had the idea. This little girl can copy, but she can´t have this brillant idea.

Enjoy it. 

You will be able to create a lot of beautiful pictures, as you did with this...
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )am back after a break
brilliant composition and thoughtsomeone may be able to copy your art. but no one can copy your originality. like this new one too :)great shot!!Curiosa y original toma.SunnyMarry, don't feel so bad. Actually this kind of people is really at large and, unfortunately, all we can do is go about with the business. You know, in some oriental cultures, they say that copying someone's work is a form of prestige and a valid form for a student to learn from the more talented or  advanced. Perhaps this can help you feel better, even though your talk with the person was not what you expected. Keep your chin up.Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningnice photoHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Magia fotografica, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.great image, love the concept. sorry someone yanked your pic, just make sure in the future you watermark and copyright. many say the greatest form of flattery is being copied.Oh my, what a shame you had to experience that. But I really do hope, this doens't make you lose your passion, because you really have a gift for this, a gift I can only dream of.
We have a danish say, which I find very true; what doesn't break you, makes you stronger.
Don't let it take you down, use to tour advantage :)Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe MuLTi MeGa SQuaRe, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

so cool

klasse was so alles auf den stühlen steht

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )nicely done
Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe We all are mortals, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.gran lavoro, mi piace ;-)!


MuLTI MeGa SQuaReThis picture is wonderful! :)  

Sad about some people.

 
MuLTI MeGa SQuaReHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

 amazinG !mimcry is the greatest form of flattery.  

wonderful shot

I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

love the fish. amazingI saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Excellent compo...!!!I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 

lighten up, sweetie. Imitation is said to be a form of flattery.Gorgeous Image was seen in  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] 



--
Seen in the group&quot;SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A2] &quot; ( ?² )Been there! Don't let your inspiration take a hit, forge ahead! People can steal your ideas, but no one can steal your originality.it sucks when people copy your ideas, many captures inspire others to find similar ones, yet if they can they should at least name them in their picture to say thanks for the idea.

I like this capture, so much expression.  well done for getting on explorenicely done. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )beautiful composition!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe finding bliss in white and blue, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Oh i love the tones! Nice to hear the crackle of electricity with the birdsongI love the light catches the large grass in the front and the way the wind has the grass following the line of the wires overhead.     Nice comp.

nb.   Nature wins.very interestingamazing :DDgorgeous.Great photoLovely photo!  I'm impressed by the quality of photos that an iPhone can turn out.absolutely amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Excellent!explored

that must be the frame. i just know it!This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/Wonderful macro with great details.Gorgeous!Cool shot!
--
Seen in the group&quot;No limits-Sin limite&quot; ( ?² )Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called An iPhone addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!simply wonderful..

..congratS on explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )The theme for this week is 'childhood' . What screams childhood more than being swung almost vertically by dad at the playground?!They look like they're having so much fun!This is such a wonderful shot and really sums up the theme.  Gorgeous colours and gorgeous expressions.i really like this!Oooh how did you get those blues so zingy??!! :-D

Very cute!What a wonderful photograph. So full of lifeVery cute! The blue colours do look fab.Great catch! :)What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful shot
i love it
weldone
looks like a swing in a park near where  live in yorkshireLovely ! Just wanted to say thank you so much for all the comments and faves. They all helped get this pic to explore where hopefully we've raised awareness for Camille's Appeal.Woo!!  Congrats on Explore - very well deserved.thanks for sharing this...so sad to hear... I just joined the group!!brilliant capture... i love those swings, i used to have one in my local park but a gang of youths burned it down:( i hope everything works outThat is so neat... nice aerial shot!! Beautiful kiddies!!Beautiful photo :)Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love this shoti love the tones! great shot!Perfect!beautiful.....Adorable :)very nice...tooo cuteso cute...This makes me so happy :)thats really nice :)faved♥:), love this.pretty colours, this is really cute!so simple and so good!great!aw, this means so much to me.Very pretty!simply beautiful..I love this!cute! i love it!&lt;3&lt;3just lovely &lt;3I &lt;3 thislove this...beautiful!Awwwwww this is really cute !! :D Love it :DniCethats really nice (:A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...i left you a testimonial. :)masterpiece thanks 4 sharingPerfect !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called i♥u, and we'd love to have this added to the group! Please also share your other photo with ♥.Superbe1i ♥ uWonderful shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.So simple and beautiful, the way love should be..  :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Love-Hearts, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!lovely. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )e x c e l l e n t .

great workstunning image

Thanks for the visit to my photo - I appreciate it a lot!Very good, great shot, great atmosphere, and thanks for your comments.Another take

Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Very nice!!Love it!nice work 
Post 1 Award 2Excellent!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3240610...Cute!niceLove the mood in this image. Well done!
_____________________
reply with darckr?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Splendid Shot!!hey! i live there! (well, not there there... just there). grats on explore.

cheers.

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Beautiful composition and light.
Great work !
Congratulations.Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.Excellent composition !
great shot instant fave......Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22649

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)Very nice !

Seen on FluidrVery nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.Superb photo.Buen disparo.Love the dim light... the reflections, and the feel of this fantastic urban scene! I can almost feel the chill and the damp...superb!beautifulBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveninggreat photowow, nice ! :)masterful
 
 Thank you for adding this
to the Natural Excellence Group!this is a good photo thanks 4 sharingfantastic image - really impressive. Congratulations on such a high placing in explore.

--
[discovered in Mr Dayglo's photophlow room] (?)great colors..!
:)Genial!wonderful composition!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)seen in last 7 day interesting! well done! :)Beautiful shot. Seen on explore.Great shot!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthNice shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! Good depth of field. 

Seen in Explore.Very Nice!!!This is beautiful! TFS!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Buena toma! Preciosos colores!

Feliz domingo!Hermosísimo, saludos, espero que todo esté bien, feliz domingo!Una maravilla de colores.Realmente un amancer.very very nice shot!!very beautiful shot - awesome colors!Todos hicimos lo que nos permitio el tiempo , la luz y las nubes, Me gustaThe clarity of this is superb!Genialmagnifque travail et belle presentationPreciosaVery beautiful photo.V.Nice





Seen in my contacts photos.Una maravilla, genial. La qué más me gusta de la serie.excellent!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Una foto fantastica, los colores son genialesPreciosa NicoUn amancer muy bonito, me encantan los colores que tiene.
saludos!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called in the mood  /post 1 - award 2, please/ , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Q foton amigo enhorabuena..
salu2una maravillaHi, I'm an admin for a group called 100+ Views Natural Landscapes *Post 1, Comment 1*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Your photo in it’s high quality is exceptional and shows a perfect beauty

… it looks as if it is just made for our sensitive group  …
thank you very much for sharing!

If you’ve not yet done, please remember: 
become our member AND: post 1 = award 2!



~ ~ ~ PLEASE don't forget to COMMENT 

and please assist in counting the awards YOU get. 
After recieving 4, please place your photo yourself into the group 4+
and you'll get the admin award.

THANK YOU ~ ~ ~I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2I saw this exceptional photo in the group


in the mood
Post 1 Award 2Your picture is beautiful
You are invited to add this image to 


in the mood

If you accept the invitation remember: post 1 award 2!
Please read the rules before adding you picture to the group
SWEEPER ACTIVE PLEASE COMMENTSuperb sunset and image !

Congrats on Explore !Your wonderful photo was made just for our group in the mood
Thank you for posting!


in the mood
Post 1 Comment 2Wonderful shot! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful shot
i love itSuperbe!Great focus!I love this, the muted tones are fab!Amazing focus!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)love the focus!Ooh I like this a lot

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Great shot, love the focus.great shot love the coloursNeat!Lovely. Great shot.satisfyingly sharp pencils :o)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Nicely donelovely tonesThis is lovely.Really pretty - great focus.Great shot, love the focus

--
Seen in the group&quot;Magnificent Seven 2010 &quot; (?)Nicely done. great shot.I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Fabulouslovely focus: )Beautiful!Love this. The choice of colours is fantastic and like others have said, the focus is great.really cool shot!2nd day on Flickr &amp; one of the most imaginative shots I've seen!this is amazing!Thanks everyone!looks so lovely!:-))Let me in, let me in!  Feed me, feed me!  LOL   Cute shot!CUTE!





Seen in my contacts photos.ADORABLE capture! Just sooo cute!
I love the textured effect of the screen ... really adds! 
Perfect compo, Betsy!how cute!!!that's just adorable!Very sweet...he's a pushy little critter isn't he!Betsy, your squirrels are priceless.  This one is saying, &quot;if you just give me one peanut, I'll give you a hug this big!&quot;  LOL  A wonderful capture.  So glad you are using peanuts for photo opportunities.  Thanks for the AM smile.  xoThis is priceless! I love these little guys! TFShilarious!Too cute! Adorable capture!oh my goodness... what a cute shot :)Great Photo - Very Cute!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flora and Fauna of the World~ Winners, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Starvin' Marvin squirrel, Betsy :)Superfantastic capture.adorable view,superb shot.this is hilarious---love it---adorable---can't help smiling when I saw itHow cute is this?? And you captured it wonderfully. Love it!Cute. My first thought was the wedding scene from &quot;The Graduate&quot;. Kind of dating myself there.Now this really is cute.   Pleeeease some more nuts.oH!! DEAR me!!!  how cute and made me giggle - looks as if he wants to come in:)))))Boy, tell me about it!  I had 9 squirrels on my deck today, &amp; unfortunately I had to go outside &amp; break up a few fights because I didn't have enough nuts to go around.  We had about 4 to 5&quot; of snow here in Indiana, &amp; we're about to get 6-8&quot; more on Tuesday!  I say that we need a new groundhog that predicts the weather the way we want it--like an early spring!Squirrels are a riot to watch so many antics.. this one is perfect Betsy!
I have a few that aggravate my dogs in the house looking through the window... and you can see they do it on purpose.. Great shot, honAdorable!  So how have you gotten him to be so brave? I'm thinking my kids would love to have a few backyard bandits!This is a hoot!  I saw the thumbnail and starting laughing!So cute!LOL!!! This just cracks me up!  Adorable!!! I'd have to make friends with this guy!LOL LOVE YOUR PEEPING TOM. GREAT CAPTURE. MUST BE HUNGRY.
Excellent - well framed!
 『 Frame it! 』 
awesome image...bravo on Explore!
----------------
~You are invited to add this image to LMAOAnimalPhotoAward~
 
lmaoatyouranimalshot!! (Invite only images) 
Please tag your photos LMAOAnimalPhotoAward
invited with SICI (2009-07-16)
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Funny rascal.  :DThank You for Posting your &quot;Close Up, But Not Quite&quot; Photo, in our Group:

Up Close, But Not QuiteVery cute visitor, I love the inside - outside world composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very cute shot, great timing for sure.  Well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Rhapsodic Poems of Homer &amp; Odysseus - NO children please!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ♥ comer, rezar e amar ♥, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thank You for Posting your &quot;Close Up, But Not Quite&quot; Photo, in our Group:

Up Close, But Not QuiteCongrats on Exxplore. You deserve it with this photo! It's hilarious!Precious! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.this is to cute, congrats its a great picAw, what a cutie, I wonder what would happen if you let him in? Silly squirrels :)This is a cute find and capture Betsy!Eeeeeeeeee!  Sooo cuteeee!Hilarious little beggar.  :)almost unbelievable situation. I love it!great capture. I like it. Bravo!How fab! Well done!This is great!Fab shotI tried too but it didn't work for me!! Great shot!Great shot, lovely coloursgreat captureThis is really good, love itThis is fab! I've just spent an hour playing with water and spotty paper, I've binned them all as they were rubbish. Yours is lovely.I've not managed to get this to work so I'm well impressed!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)That is fab! Well done.fantastic! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)brilliantFab. I love these shots. Wish I coul have a Clodders tutorial too!Congratulation, that's fantastic!Niiice Piiic  and COLOR

Commnt Me Pllz...Its a really good go,It does take practise but you almost have this cracked.
 A big well done and thanks for the mention xxHi, I'm an admin for a group called Colour Makes Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is amazinggcomo se hace esto?j'adoreAwesome!!!Very cool!  Congratulations on Explore.Fabulous light and I love the speckles!OH MY GOD
this is your best ever
this is unreal zack !
you are so talentedthere's no words for this.ohmygoodness... this is absolutely amazing Zach!
the light and the gold and that rain that looks like fireflies. this is stunningMy favorite by you :Dgorgeous lighting.this is so great and i have no idea how you captured your breath like that because i tried today and it never showed up...omg the lighting is AWESOME! this is really cool.whoaaa, the light is amazing :DAmazing!!!Cool work - the speckles really make it :)

Seen in my contacts' photoswhoa.
definitely one of your best recently.
good combo of natural and strobe, this is awesome man.that light is incredible!So so amazing!holy smokes.
this is perfect. it looks like real sunlight. you must be like... freaking God. yeah, you're God. you create light.love the golden particles around you! :Dthe light coming in through your breath is just incredible. Your eye for detail and composition seriously astounds me!wowwww cool, I like the light :D perfectOH MY
the lighting is soooo amazingwow! awesome light.Gosh this is amazing Zack ;)Well done, Zack!oh this is too cool, your stream is amazingwow, that's a really good idea ..
such a great shot :]This is so incredible....   Love the halo of light around your hair and on the sides of your t-shirt; your visible breath and the sparkles of yellow rain.   So frickin' amazing.its wonderful!wow this is incredible zack!
definitely one of your best
the lighting and detail are excellentwow, everything is amazing. i am in love with the light!this is just absolute beauty,beautiful shot
i absolutely love it
the sunshine is perfect.
nice job (:i miss the sun so much :(
beautiful shot though!dang i got here late. :)
amazing amazing concept Zack!
I love what you have done here...I seriously doubt my jaw HASN'T dropped for any of your photos. this is incredibleI love love love the lighting here! This picture is amazing once againIncredible One.this is so gorgeous, gahhh i love the lighting and the specs so much &lt;33333333333Oh yeah Zack you are literally shining now. I love you, I love this!!! Gorgeous! You are really amazing :)golden rain. brilliant.this is amazing.HOW?!?!um.
amazing.I absolutely love how you made the strobist look so natural!Wow this is stunningthis is beautifulOH my gosh! The title and the picture! Sooo great!the glow is like magic. This. Is. Beautiful. I mean words cannot even describe how wonderful this is. and the rain is beautiful in the shot. God gave you an amazing talent. Im so happy to see you use it so well :Doh my gosh i love this! the lighting, your breath, the rain, the lighting, everything!!! =]oh wow.  gaahhh this is gorgeous.  that light.  mmmmmAll the little details in this, that's what gets me.Oh my, Zack...this is true brilliance. Such heavenly light illuminates you in an angelic way, but your pose indicates a sense of asking for forgiveness. I've never seen anyone do lighting like you both artificial and natural.wow wow wow!SuperBrilliant and truly beautiful shot. I'm awed. :)oh. my. gosh. one of my favorites from you. the mist, amazing that it came :Das im sure many above have said, great shot.amazing lighting! great composition.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3739969...Awesome work !
Congratulations.Wow!! Your picture was seen on the front page! clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22639  Congratulations!!
To find your other check here.Wow, magical! I think the lighting, the lit rain and your breathe really makes this shot interesting.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent!!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Fantastic !!Impresionante!que buenaas luces!SUPER cool!

And wow! I didn't know that was rain till I read the description, that's awesomeWow the lightning is superbbb!Zack, so the gel is like a flash or light with a fliter? Could you please explain to me what it is, because i would love to know what it is, and so if i find it useful i can purchase it and use it :)This is absolutely gorgeous - the yellow/golden rimlight is fantastic, and the slight mist is indeed God sent. Congratulations on the Explore - it's well deserved.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)amazing capture
 
 Thank you for adding this
to the Natural Excellence Group!Congrats on FP!the lighting is perfect!awesome!Fantastic !!WHOA.. Amazing!!! Really speaks to me right now :)this is brilliantWow! Awesome!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called People &amp; Nature TOGETHER (add 1, rate or comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!the flash lights up the rain perfectly :D wowowowvideo.google.com/videoplay?docid=7065205277695921912#this is beyond perfect.The lit drops are the icing on the cake.whaaat. this is insane. just insane.Wow, you're a geeenious!IncredibleBeautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Beautifully done.awesome shot! ;)wow, your pictures are fantastic!!oh my god, so magical and amazingwow, really amazing work here. With such a wonderful inspiration behind it.Great !very cool indeed!whoa. hate to sound repetitive, but this light is gorgeous.you're magical!I am totally blown away by your photo stream !What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.wow. this is absolutely amazing!FANTASTIC STUFF! Great to see another christian photographer here using photography for the right reasons! thanks for sharing!This is so cute i love all the colors and stripesThis is lovely, I love the chair, it is very cute.aw, so cute.this is so cool...and beautiful...and haunting

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so so awesome! love the lighting, tones, pose.. everything!Love it :)I've missed your photos. It's good to know you're still alive :]this is amazing,
reminds me of Alice in wonderland.
:3 &lt;3verrrry cuteI love the colors. Very cute.Aw this is so adorable!
Love your socks/tights.i &lt;3 this :)lovely!:-)))cute shot...

Seen in Explorenice colours thanks 4 sharingGreatly composed! well done

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Love the socks!i love the tones! :) (beautiful)excellent!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called My Brown-Eyed Girl, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Do you want to be in Wonderland?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

great work!
 Do you want to be in Wonderland? adorably cute!This is great.Burrr...  great shotLove the mood of this.  Instant fave.bella, freddo dentro e gran bienne...bellissima! L'intensità di quest'atmosfera è tangibile
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )snowdrops keep falling on my head- superb again!Love the DoF.Beautiful, the dof is perfect.Atrmosfera d'incantoDeliziosa, assolutamente deliziosa.
Mi ricorda certe atmosfere del paesello dove abitavo da piccolo.
Uno scatto di grande fascino.

Beautiful shot!ART!pretty photoFantastic. Really nice work.This is a beautiful image!!
Please add your photo to 

'Your Preferred Picture'




Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group





Join us – unisciti a noi 

Join us
The Authors' plaza




 

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamond




Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3




You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/




You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinner






Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;





Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is truly beautiful....creates all sorts of feelings. thankyou!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Nice bokeh and dof, great tone.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!this one is treat for my eyes.che meraviglia...lovely atmosphere!great colour tones and the reflection is superb, well capturedgreat reflection!! nice compositionoh wow - GREAT shotGreat sun....
nice composition ....great image.this is incredible
i can't tell you how much i love thisMarvellous!Great composition, reflection, perspective, lighting...
Well done!oh my..Respect!!!!Oh, wow. Hard not to like this.Very nice mood and composition.Gorgeous light here!excelente foto!!, muy bello atardecer!!

y que composición!Great reflection!Brilliant photo - stunning composition!!What a gorgeous view from what an exceptional angle!The colors are so mystical !Incredible sunset! clever framing well done,  thanks for the visit:-)Molto bella questa luce dell'alba, ottima composizione. Ti piace svegliarti presto...Gorgeous shot, amongst other things, I love the variations in the surface of the water.......

thanks for your comment![http://www.flickr.com/photos/lorenzogdnz/] certamente! mi piace svegliarmi presto, ma non mi piace il fredo :)Nice Zap...really niceHi, I'm an admin for a group called Artist Spotlight - February Contest Red, accepting entries, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

very beautifulVery moody picture. You have captured it perfectly.Lovely atmospheric shot.  Excellent composition,seem to have a slightly different perspective.Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is awesomeExcellent!  Superb exposure control with well realised shadow areas and sublime reflections playing across the water.  Tones are beautiful and the composition really suits the square frame - couldn't be better in fact.

Any shot handling an extreme range of tone from 0 to 255 is going to run into problem areas - the immediate sky around the sun feels (slightly) 'wrong' to me, but this is a minor criticism and not meant to detract from this beautiful piece of work![http://www.flickr.com/photos/mrbuk1/] wow thanks! and i know what you mean about that area around the sun, to be honest i just gave up on it, i also tried this in hdr but really didnt like that either, not sure what to do about it, if you had any tips they would be greatly appreciated!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.belíssima foto!!!Beautiful composition.Muy buena,fotonit really took my breath away!!!!!!!!!!!!!very nicenoice
Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??wonderful scenery ! :)Muy buen encuadre y reflejos...
SaludosNIce shot, great composition and colours, well captured.Great sunrise.Poethic!amazing...
great job !
www.flickriver.com/photos/corvo_torvo/popular-interesting/Awesome...
This Is a Delightful Photo!
Delightful PhotosSuperb. The position of the sun is perfect.


Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.


Please tag this photo &quot;greatphotographers&quot;bellissima, questa come tutte le altre, davvero complimenti!Hey Zap... sorry it took so long to review. Been down with the Flu. U have outdone yourself with this pic. your POV is flawless...ur actually making me second guess shooting this pier. keep them coming Zap... u r like a big brother in this  art of photography.  I learn much from your style. RESPECT!!Preciosa.
--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/movisionz/] wow thanks Mo i really do appreciate the comments! but definitely dont second guess shooting, you can add your own flavor to anything!Nice! love the angle on this one.bellissima!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WILD CLICK!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

amazingChe riflessi,che colori,che composizione....
stupenda....
un caro saluto!!!!Wow!  This is incredible.  I've been at this spot many times but have never seen it more beautiful!   Your work is stunning.Amazing shotNo doubt!!
This is an AMAZING shot!!!GREAT composition, the sun is just so beautiful...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like the reflections in this great shot.straordinaria!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)In this shot lights, shadows and reflections are perfect...Excellent!This is a fantastic shot. Love the lightingThis superb,and the square format really strengthens this shot..great work. Beautiful light and just a lovely feel to this shot.This is one great shot....love the coloursBeautiful shot
i love itSpectacular!! Well composed and exposed as well!Lol - wish I knew what to suggest regarding that sky area...  I know if it were me I'd have tried all manner of individual selections in PS, followed by trial and error for adjustments to curves/noise/gaussian blur/selective colour and many of others!

I expect you've tried similar paths so I don't know what else to suggest - it's a fabulous shot regardless so I wouldn't worry too much! :)
Great Photographer Member Award
This Fantastic image was seen by a Member in:
*** A Place For Great Photographers*** ( Invite Only )
Please Comment on 1 or more images within the Group.a different point of view for a sunset, excellent!OMG!Excellent !nice one, great shot!This is an interesting perspective - I like it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Es una toma excelente, ufffff me encanta, muy buena de reflejos y tonos
Saludosbrava gente che lavora, buone forchette e aria di sana vita semplice... una buona Italia.
Bravissimo!bella bella bellaa really good mooded crowdFantastica atmosfera festaiola.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )una tavola d'altri tempi, una famiglia d'altri tempi, una festa d'altri tempi, ma quanti rimpianti nel nostro McmondoButchers seem to be very happy and jolly people :-)

great shot .E' un vero piacere vedere queste foto! Rallegrano l'animo!
testimonianze preziose, le tue.
in un mondo che sembra dominato dai grandi fratelli, veline, apparenza ecc ecc , ci fai riscoprire che la realtà, per fortuna, non è solo quella che ci viene mostrata.:) great!quadro d'altri tempi (e sapori).So obviously happy in their work. A fine image.this is great!Great again Giancarlo...this is really funny!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)mi ricorda quando le facevo anch'io.. 
ritratto da tipico laboratorio di norcineria &quot;molto&quot; artigianale..
aspetto con golosità la continuazione fotografica della giornata, con le luganeghe appese però.. :-)polenta e luganeghe!

buon appetito!

ciao,Completely in awe of this image. It has captured a moment of togetherness and preparation for a festival (?). A wonderful sense of community and joy.Festa della vecia? E la vecia mangia così pesante?

Encore une belle image d'Italiens !What a tough job. I applaud them.Un quartetto di norcini in concertoAltra perla per la tua collezione

--

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Authors' club &quot; ( ?² )Great contextual portrait, with a great touch of good humor!Piccoli piaceri quotidiani di cui oggi CI SIAMO privati! 
Ma per fortuna non del tutto...grazieGreat expressions on the faces.bella, ricordi di bambino,era una festa per tutta la famiglia,buona seratamondi sempre nuovi pieni di dettagli e tanta unanità:)
Che Gioello.

Un giorno mi dirai come fai ad acquisire un contatto così intenso e profondo con i tuoi soggetti.So expressive.
perfettaFantastica come tutte le tue creazioni! Grande Giancarlo!Nice theme! Great photo !Bellissima, trasmette l'allegria e la passione!nice portrait work!Bellissimo momento !

Super portrait !!basta non farli arrabbiare!

Group portrait with heart. Great contemporary work.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Huge !!!!Quattro moschettieri e un &quot;fu&quot; maiale.volti semplici e fieri della loro tradizione
molto bellawhat a great portraitI love this!  Can't wait to see your book.This is beautiful!  I look forward to seeing the book!Love the detailed quilting with solids - gorgeous!MEeeeeee toooooo!!!!wow!!! AMAZING!Beautiful!!Simply gorgeous as usual.Wow!!!Stunning....just stunning!  You have a gifted eye for colour.Beautiful!Love this one too (though I love all your quilts!).  I just pre-ordered your book and can't wait to get it.  I reckon I'll forget that it's coming and one day in a few months get a great surprise in the mailbox!extraHi, I'm an admin for a group called Addiction, and we'd love to have this added to the group!If you are not in the group then please join as well.WOW!  This is beautiful!  The colors are great but the quilting is awesome!!!Beautifully done.Love the way that the squares move over the tops of others in a random fashion!  Fabluous!This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Goergeous!oh how lovely!i adore this.i missed your photossss
and you are so beautiful
i love your shirtsorry I slacked off this weekend -_-oh my god
yesSuch a delicate picture. Very nice.Beautiful.woow
i so love the detail on that dress!lovely.beautifullovely shot :)great.i loooove thisHi, I'm an admin for a group called un-usual young, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love the posesoo good,This is beautiful.I love the look of the clouds!You know I couldn't resist...

When you're weary 
Feeling small 
When tears are in your eyes 
I will dry them all 

I'm on your side 
When times get rough 
And friends just can't be found 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will lay me down 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will lay me down 

When you're down and out 
When you're on the street 
When evening falls so hard 
I will comfort you 

I'll take your part 
When darkness comes 
And pain is all around 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will lay me down 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will lay me down 

Sail on Silver Girl, 
Sail on by 
Your time has come to shine 
All your dreams are on their way 

See how they shine 
If you need a friend 
I'm sailing right behind 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will ease your mind 
Like a bridge over troubled water 
I will ease your mindHi, I'm an admin for a group called Scatterbrain arguments [Blue Contest!!!!!!!], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excelent Jaime!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fragments.of.Memory, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Genial composición... es fantástica y el virado le viene de lujo...

saludos.B&amp;w was the only way to go, dramatic...oh jaime
Jáime
j´aime

J A I M E

j


estoy cruzandocool lines &amp; great dark tones
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )the bridge....and the choices we have to make evey day....

wishing you a great week,J!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called arrakala (groove) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

genial!wonderful shotvery emotional and quite inspiringruminating at the apex. the pose is perfect.Love the way those curves lead you straight to the figure in the middle. Fabulous Jaime.That´s awesome 
I could hang that up on my wallbuena perspectiva!great......there is a very similar place over here in Binghamton, NY........will definitely get on to it some timestunning!outstanding ( as usual )there it islove those tonesI'm commenting on the shot before this one, Walk on By:

I really like it.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/28889534@N06/] I don't like cheaters and  smart asses!so Jaime!wow!!love the way this one pulls you in !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Takara (.... post ....), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Brilliant composition - what amazing leading lines. I love your photographic style.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Crème de la Crème/Cream of the cream, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ The Factory ~ (by invite), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

The visual equivalent of indecisiveness. Stark and wonderful!now this is some serious photography.... it's got everything! Huge fave!Beau travailWow, this bridge is stunning! what a great place to take photo's! Awesome work!Thanks Jamie!
xo:)))

Saw This at The Factory.
absolutly gorgeous!so simmetric and so infinite!don't look backExcellent !!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Excellent composition.really fantastic composition!me nencantaaaa!!!Superbso interesting!

a beautiful dark atmospheresee in exploreI love this!!wow
amazing shot and nice lighting man ..All natural :D  Straight out of camera :Dawesome shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Exotics Cars, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ISO2500 ftwtf?

I'd be inclined to give it 1deg CW but the comp's decent and that yellow's singing. Look forward to seeing the rest.I wanted to add noise to the shot..   Makes the photo have more texture!

I quite like the angle of the car and the shot is a compromise between having the car straight or the horizon straight.Beautiful!I thought you were upping the game, not the ISO ;)Amazing shot!Lovely!Awesome shot, as normal :DSo, have I improved?

Before:
www.flickr.com/photos/gfwilliams/3444328406/
www.flickr.com/photos/gfwilliams/3444328234/Beautiful car, and beautiful scene.amazing yellow =)

+favVery nice George!! Which lens did you use for this shot??It was taken with a Sigma 70-200 F2.8...

..and at ISO 2500!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Lovely! very good location and subject. The light is good too so it makes it a very good one! Good job manGorgeous! Really beautiful shot, this´d be one of the best posters to have in your bedroom :PGreat shot, you can see the power of this car in this shot, even standing still!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Follow my tweets?amazing wintershot!!nicely done
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Nice!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Your shots are always so elegant but living,pulsing,they always tell stories,fav for me, thksWow superb and greatly done, bravo !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Famous Square Captures (Post 1 shot, Comment and fave 2 others), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wonderful catch dear!!Wow. Great.great wintermood.I just want to say hello and btw, this is nice.Great scene and wonderful snow.

JohannesSo nice and quietgreat imageGreat scene and perfect capture of the snowThis is pure magic 
Beautiful!!!!This is so cool....catchy title.  Great tone and feelWow! I really like the snow flakes!Amazing picture, Marcus!!!great detail in the cobblestone.wonderful monochromatic feel and love the perspective ...
poetic and inviting!am gona definitely follow ur tweets:)Great! Beautiful frame.How sweet.Beautiful.Nice one indeedwow what a lovely street the lighting is beautiful!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love the mood and atmosphere.

Seen on FluidrWow so cool, bravo !!!wonderful work

Nice!Beautiful, love the mood in this.
_____________________
reply with darckr?Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=6492245...Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.Congrats on making it to Front Page!! You can view all your FP photos here.great photo.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called los últimos románticos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


wonderful work....congrats on frontpageHi, I'm an admin for a group called Onirism, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Magical setting! If I was there I would be running down the street with joy! ;)really nice atmospherebeautifulmuy buena...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Explored &lt;100, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderfull shot! WOWLooks like a scene from a beautiful movie! I loved it!beautifulGreat scene and wonderful nightnice capture.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot !so fine^^Fine is the word. As in fine art. Beaux Arts.Belle image, évocatrice.Wundervoll : )spectacularLovely!a timeless view...beautiful ! INVITE to post photo... 
I think this photo is a  

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/
After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShotCette belle ville d'Angers qui me manque tant même sous le froid de hiver. J'aime bien la texture que tu as rajouté, beau travailwow - what a classic, love the texture..beautiful!Amazing! I can hear Bogie narrating in the background.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Photo Jewels*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great image!nice.Jolie vue !Fantastic work, excellent post-processing!Such a beautiful timeless image.

Oh to live in one of those beautiful houses.Beautiful image, great processing.Louise, Indeed a beautiful and timeless image....  Its time for a book :))J'adore !c'est beau cette lumiere douce.....fantastic work of art. really great mood with the fog and subdued colors.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastic!! I love the tones, the mood, everything is so perfect!!che atmosfera..Excellent creepy atmosphere, love itI like the composition in this wonderful shot.Fantastic shot!
Great texture and mood!beautiful and moody- congrats on Exploreseen in explore.....felicitations!
very moody picture!très beau, poétique, surannée... bravo!Love this foggy atmosphere!superb shot
This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1  award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with &quot;flickrAward&quot;
Please joint the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthBeautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Wow..This photo is the beautiful:)


SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST IN by The Admin considered. 

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Have a nice day and be happy:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNEcQS4tXgQ&amp;feature=rec-LGOUT...This gives me the shivers, soooo cold, wet and foggy. The tones are very nice and fit the mood perfectly. Oh, and I see Jacqueline made an interesting remark... ;-)This is fantastic.so pretty!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called A Post-Rock Moment, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!dreamy and beautiful. Love the use of texture.
 
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)...Awesome shot.  Lucky you... guacamole, margaritas and bird pictures sounds so much better than snow &amp; cold. :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)So interesting with their yellow heads and a great perspective, well taken portrait!
Have a nice day my friend!gorgeous details on these beautiful birdsGreat stuff.  Fantastic... looks like they are posing for you!  I bet you it was nice and warm there!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)another lovely pic ! like the composition

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)very coolvery cool, nice comp!Good to see you back Buck. and what an image to return with. Love it. 
Almost surreal with these birds, especially the one to the front - he looks indignant. 

I am envious of the treats you have had - I love Mexican food and drink!Hi again!..........lovely capture of such beautiful birds!!Wow ... absolutely perfect composition ! They must have known you would do their photo justice, thus they posed :Psooooo good!
how nice of them to pose for you!
Really great work.Awesome capture ! Beautiful shot ! the presence of birds itself is enough proof that the place is comfortably warm.he really did a great job posing for you!!Fantastic capture! Looks like they went out of there way to pose for you
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Pelicans are lots of fun to watch.  Nice shot with lots of detail.Most definitely missed your brilliance, vision and artist's touch on wonderful photographs like these...but when weighed against grandparents &amp; guacamole--family fiestas deservedly win every time. :)Great capture, love the composition here!This is a superb pieve of wildlife photography, my friend . Welcome back .A conference, LoL.. good one and good photo skills.Great birds and very nice their yellow heads...lovely capture!Great perspectiveRefreshing composition... fantastic image my friend!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)blue eyes
dont apologize
as long you got back with this kind of things

goodahh... there you are.  great snap.Nice composition, wonderful shot!Beer, birds, border, WARMTH!!! Lucky you! 

Nice shot Buck...I hope to see more pictures of this warm lifestyle you've been enjoying!Amazing.  The immensity of the water, the sky, is awesome!  The birds seem to have made great subjects, their placement, and the one close to you is superb.  This is a wonderful shot in every way - an instant favorite!  Thanks for sharing.Good capture!Great capture...how fortunate to come across this group of birds!  Love the composition and water level perspective.Lovely image. Regards StephenThis is extremely nice! I really like all the detail and the overall composition!This is wonderful Buck and an instant fave. These are my favourite birds too. When we go to Antigua on holiday we spend hours watching them dive for fish. You must have been very close to them for this shot. Sounds like you had a great time away. Welcome back.Wonderful meeting:-))guacamole and margaritas :) I already know i love your grandparents :))) lol ... Sounds like a wonderful time spent .. and this picture is AWESOME viewed LARGE ... the details are phenomenal - even his eye is so sharp .. Love the others in the background and the bird coming in for a landing up top ... they really are beautiful birds, i can see why they're your favorite :)  Is it possible to have pelican envy?  ;) lol ....nice shot Buck! ... i love watching these guys come gliding by when we are kicking back on vacation over at the coast... wish i could get them to pose for me like these did for you. Welcome back!Love everything about this one. Nice to have you back tooGiant white pelicans migrate through this way, only in recent years, the first one I met at the lake was the year my Mother died, three years back. It was a most amazing gift and they have returned each spring. I am crazy excited to see them and stalk them relentlessly with my camera while trying to be respectful and non intrusive. this is a wonderful shot! i have yet to be nearly this near.superb shot and subjects...so close and yet huge depth as well.you got so close, how cool.

hope you had a wonderful visit to your grand parents!
South Padre is one of my fav place to visit deep in the heart of Texas...Hey Buck...nice to see you back, I've missed your shots. This is a wonderful photo...these pelicans are awesome, and the colour is magical...awesome capture !!!

is this real ?!?!?!Glad you're back :o) This is such a cool capture. Such lovely details and treatment :o)this is absolutely stunning!love it :)Wow, the one in the center front is sweet.  This detail and compo is amazing.  I love the emphasis on the yellow heads, really nicely done.  It just keeps my eyes moving around, cool shot Buck!!...wooo!
Those are so beautiful.
Great captured.Lovin it!  And I know I have already told you this but these are my favorite birds as well.  I call them the working class bird.  Glad you got in a great visit.  TThis is just beautiful.  Love your composition!This is an amazing capture! I love how he seems to pop off the page...almost as if it's 3D...mind you I've had a few glasses of wine this evening so maybe it's the wine lol...

Truly an awesome shot!Fantastic shot. :)it looks SO good. like a discovery channel picture or nat geo! really great anglehaha.. they are so close to you.. you must have had some fish in hand?  

the details are great.

and thanks for your compliment earlier tonight !

phamsterBeautiful composition!!wow great work!!
this is fabulous!
have a good week and lovable February!amazing picture! congratz!What a wonderful capture, they look so serious...:-)Very interesting wildlife shot, impressive.This one is amazing, looks like an illustration from a fairytale!yes, the pelicans are amazing....Wow - they really pose like a real model! :) 
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Wow! This is stunning!!!Wonderful shot ! amazing composition and point of view !
Have a nice day my friend *Nice Buck, especially how you managed to get 5 in one shot and the middle one standing...great catch.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Omg - have you been lying in the water when shooting this? This is awesome, buck! I love the expression of that pelicane in the front, who seems to to be curious about that strange guy with that strange apparatus in his hands. And i love that incoming flying bird on the right side, in landing approach to see what's going on down there.
Absolute fave!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Exellent capture ~ great composition!
I wouldn't have been too sure about getting that close...I've always been under the impression that pelicans are bullies.glad your back:0 really like it!Wow, incredible softness.. great tones, fantastic work.. really beautiful!! =)

[ via buckchristensen's flickriver &nbsp;--Yves. ]Hi, Buck, welcome back, and in style. Very unusual angle, surreal colours, interesting composition. Love this photopainting your creat.  The image strikes us, like infinite possibilities of a dream. And what beautiful colours, sth difficult to find in real life. See you, my dear friend.crazy birds, crazy photo. they look like a painting. they pose for you.
love it

margaritas, guacamole, enchiladas... you can play with the birds, I keep the rest.Nice compo.Very nice capture and composition.Strong composition, Buck! To catch a group posing like this really is awesome! Lovely treatment, too!
I've never been in beautiful Texas... but your image reminds me of a song by country singer Forrest Lee Jr I heard sometime ago - it was about spring break, sweet dreams etc. in &quot;South Padre Sand&quot;...
I really could imagine sitting there, drinking beer and watching beautiful pelicans... ! ;)))Wow. So, how long did it take the birds to pose like this, and how much did you have to pay them?  Seriously, I don't think they could have been better placed.  Awesome and amazing work!!Very awesome, my friend... I love this... His expression is priceless.. Congrats on explore... and yes, I believe, because I forgot to put my logo and copyright information on that photograph, and had to replace it, it now doesn't lemme view large on black... 



--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Stunning image Buck.  Just love hoe you managed to go in close.  The detail and colours are amazing and the beautiful sky in the background rounds it off quite nicely.Buck, man it's good to see you back.  And you've brought a homerun with this one.  Looks awesome man, great composition, cool capture and superb textures.  you gotta tell me how you processed it dude,!!Stunningamazing! Fantastic shot. Well doneCool shot,love the treatment!Fantastic shot. I really love the perspective...feels like the camera is floating on the water. And he was standing on something that came just to the level of the water...how cool is that!! Excellent composition, not sure how you got them all into position like that...especially the flying one. :)Very nice image !This is looking lovely !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )A m a z i n g !such a stunning capture. lovely scenery and gorgeous colour processing !love the perspective and the two on the far right. wonderful shot.This is FANTASTIC!that doesn't sound too bad at all!
love these birds you've capturedReally great capture.Cool capture, nice angle  of compo.This is fantastic. Great captureWonderful capture.This is stunning. 

Well done!!!!Very nice imagePretty cool!!!Love it! What a great shot man!Stunning image.

Great work.Amazing shot.  It's even better than a pelican conference, it's like a movie poster for a pelican film!  Amazing stream!The way the birds are positioned is almost like you put them there and told them not to move :) Excellent and they are fantastic birdsBeautiful wildlife photograph.Wow! Fantastic!!Wow! They look fantastic !I feel all the charm of the wildlife here !!!!By the way...you don't need to apologize my friend..We are all busy from time to time ! Happy to hear that you had a good time with your loved ones and sorry to hear about the slow internet connection !Wish you all the best:)Awesome. Great shot.&quot;...amphibious airplanes&quot;! Love it! What a wonderful shot. They do like like they are posing for you. It all sounds like a wonderful holiday and I am looking forward to the rest your &quot;vacation pics&quot;!...Wow.  I love all the detail in the photo, and I can't believe you got that close!  Great job! :Dawesome image...bravo on Explore!
--
 This amazing shot is
invited 

 Empyrean Fauna (invite only) - post 1 award 1 in the pool 

Please award the work of one of our other artists !!!
Join in in our latest contest:
www.flickr.com/groups/empyreananimals/discuss/72157621959...
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I really like the surreal effect of this shot.. and to get those birds to pose so nicely for you.  

Excellent work!!Awesome in close capture!!this is one of those shots you look at and ask, How? your work is truly amazingLucky you! This is an amazing shot!Wondeful work!Cuando te quedas pegado a una foto mirandola largo tiempo es porque te dice algo,  MARAVILLOSAawesome!very well composed, great job!wonderful shot of these pelicans - composition great!
thank you for your commentWow, this is amazing! Great processing!Great composition!!!Amazing work well captured.Oh a really fabulous picture!  A wonderful composition and I love the low angle viewpoint, excellent work!

Mikewow, what a great capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wow, awesome shot, i love the eye of the center bird. it looks like ur floating in the ocean right next to them, great angle.Outstanding work worthy of any Natural History PublicationI think you got his best side. It's so cool how they posed for you. Great job!this shot is insane!....in a good way.
I flipping love this shot Buck! instant fave! we're glad to have you back!Absolutely beautiful capture, congrats!!!Beautiful capture Buck,these lovely birds seem almost pre-historic.Excellent composition and treatment !!Amazing!!!!  What quirky birds they are1  Gorgeous photo!

thank you for commenting on my photo.Great image!This is a wonderful composition - an amazing wildlife shot!Beautiful composition here...almost look like a painting. You have a great eye for framing.Too good.Beautiful compo and compliments for treatment!!!

thanks a lot for visit!a pelican with a strong personality :) very nice composition!awesome shot!  I love the way you processing your images.  very nice work here!  thanks for the recent visit.what a brilliant comp!!This is exceptional!Love the tones in this shot. CongratsWhat a fantastic shot!  Great tones and I love the way they posed for you!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )really cool angle...! they do look like they posed for you..
man quite a portrait u got.
Congrats.
Have a nice wednesday ahead.Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.:) :) very beautiful wildlife photograph :)

and thanks for your making your time visiting my stream earlier :)
just back? :) welcome back..Awesome CaptureSuch a unique shot.
you've captured them so beautifully!so niceFantastica!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)It look so real..Lovely shot.A wonderful capture! Amazing how they posed for you. They are gorgeous creatures!Excellent shot...!Wowww!
They're so handsome!Fantastic Five! Great detail!Love the scale. Get the artistic quality of a wonderful still life.nice posers :)
that's an awesome nature shot ! they are great !now this is flawless: composition, colors, cropping. woah, my compliments!this is extraordinarily good
thanks for your visitWhat an amazing catch.  These birds find sanctuary in nice places like this. Have you seen any sea turtles on the beach?

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )[http://www.flickr.com/photos/zeetzjones/] 
No, I haven't, although I have seen some brochures about groups who take you around to find them. I'd love to see one.This is amazing. I immediately noticed the bird in the sky, but looking at it large you really notice the eye of the closest bird.. this shot is awesome.Wonderful shot and work!!Great closeup!Absolutly beautiful.Wow, this is amazing.  Great work!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)The birds are gorgeous, and the composition is perfect! Also, thanks so much for the testimonial!:) i like these guys. cheers on the photoOH, My! Just stunning. Like a gorgeous painting!Great capture of these birds. Nice processing and colours!This is one amazing shot of the pelicans! The composition is fantastic! Love the detail!Heavenly creature!Gorgeous capture! so much detail. Beautiful tones toohaha, love this! looks like a band cd cover art!!!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY beautiful work! i love the focus and the tones.Absolutely perfect, could stare at this all day!!What a great comp of these guys! Pelicans are great. They got themselves positioned just right for you.I hope you had a wonderful time visiting your grandparents. I absolutely love this shot, Buck. I adore the colors and tones and I really like the low perspective. This almost seems other worldly. Beautiful!Beautiful!  This is a work of art!wow, awesome capture! great composition and processinggreat vision and capture.  love the sky.Awesome !wow... lovely they are! :)I always struggle getting pelican shots as they are so elusive. This is a wonderful capture!wonderful shot .. these are difficult to get close. nice grouping.beautiful :)wow you set the standard high ,love the depth and tone 10/10Outstanding Photography..
 Thanks for your visitvery beautiful light.oh my god lauren
this is so perfect
you are too extremely talented
the tones the movement the emotion
everythinghow are you so wonderfulhi lauren, you amaze me.
i like the darkness and the soft dusty tones.oh my gosh this is amazing
i love the tones~absolutely beautiful.
i love the movement of your hairWow, this dosen't even look like you! Your skin kinda looks like a pale purple (really pretty). :~)when i saw this is i thought, gosh she is so fantasticOh wow Lauren.
This is just stunning. 
I'm shocked on how beautiful this is =]The movement in your hair is amazing.
and you always have interesting tones.thank you everyone :Dthis is SOOOO wonderful! I LOVE this!!!!!!!!!gorgeous soft lighting Lauren, love the editing as well, simply beautifulyou're incredible.ohmy.
you are so talented,
and without sounding creepy,
you are beautiful.lovely :)
you always impress meOne day i wish to be as good as youWow. Amazing.Oh my gosh. This is amazing!love the colors! gorgeous photo!wow, this is just beautiful
one of my favorites from you :]breathe taking Lauren, and thank you for changing my views on things. :)EXTRODINARY large. wow.Okay, first of all, I am in love with your hair in this picture.
Second of all, the tones, the tones, the tones!!
And your expression...oh my gosh. This is so perfect, really.This is so so beautiful.
Your eyes have a really deep expression.this is so so so beautifulso evocative.
lovely work.wow , i agree so evocativewhen i view it large its almost like i can touch you 
hopefully that doesn't sound strangelauren, you're brilliant!gorgeouslovely!!your pictures have such an indescribable feeling that i love...!amazing colors and i love your hair. breathtaking!!
(:I love the windswept hair, gorgeous. :)The sense of movement here adds so much to the shot.  Love the muted tones.hollllyyyy crap.Incrediblethe tones are wonderful.majestic.
the only word i can use to describe this.the tones and motion are so wonderful
wow, so wonderful laurenI agree with all the &quot;wonderful tones&quot; comments :)this is so incredible. it feels like a thunder storm.this makes me think of a ghost movie. i love it. (:you are absolutely stunningthis is soo pretty, lauren!Very nice!
Very introspective.Your gorgeous.you never cease to amazeim in love with everything you post. 
this is so stunning.This is just too perfect. It's so stunningly amazing.wow. this is simply incREDible.this is just wonderful and beautifully done.
i love your pictures.so. pretty.thank you so much everyonegod, your editing is so gorgeous. you're amazing. :)Beautiful beautiful beautiful. It's nice to see your hair down again. The tones, your hair, your expression... it's all perfect.I always remember your self portraits
they really inspire me 
(and well... you're pretty and cute too)you have really awesome lighting in all your pictures. beautiful.This is just stunning, the movement of your hair and the soft lighting, everything is just insanely gorgeous :-)This photo is so wonderful. I love your expression and the way your hair is blowing. I especially, especially love the way you processed it. The tones are really perfect.i cannot tell you how much i love this picture.Wow this is stunningGreat texture and tone!you are an amazing girl c;I'm in love with this picture..gah your so amazing.Really amazing. I felt the moment.this is insane, I love the tones and pose and you really are just amazing.omg
ao your expression and the hair, awesoooome.
and the tones, omg the tones

ahh i love this so much :)oh my gosh. your hair and the tones. this is amazing.Love the movement in your hair! And your expression is great, as always (:i love this as usual. love the movement of the hair. and your tag about the happiest you've been:-)Lauren you are never ending source for my inspiration, you are beautiful and  I  just love this photo. So much!! I love you. You are amazing. The end. There are no word good enough to describe this!!!!! Gorgeous.i love the part where you can kind of see your breathUrg absolutely stunning.how do you edit this to get the dark yet glowing tones?! It's amazing!! ahh I love this so so so much&lt;3is this a hair flip?  or wind?  because it is so graceful.  
and i just have to repeat everyone else with--the tones!  ahh lauren you're amazing.you are an inspiration . . . great photoLauren, i love you. In a non-creepy way of course. :)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/clutzy/]hair flip :)

thank you everyonesuch a beautiful shot.
Love the motion in it.you always manage to keep such a peaceful expression, even though it shows so much emotion. and your tones! you are so good.I hope to be as amazing as you one day! hahaThis is so good!!
it my fav tones!!Your editing is amazing.
I love every single one of your pictures.wow!!!! love this lauren! so emotional! love the tones!LAUREN
My heart stopped and I couldn't breathe, this is beautiful.
My new favorite from you.same as all of your photos....this is absolutely beautiful.Unbelievably gorgeous. I have no words for this.amazing movement!This is beautiful.ohmygod lauren, you amaze methis is gorgeous - i love the tone of it, your expression and the movement in your hair - so stunning!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)amazing!! The tones are fantastic..

How do you get the tones like this?this is breathtakingawesome...awesome..this is fantastic! love your hair and emotions in this one :)beautiful, love the tones &amp; the movement in your hairthis makes me really calm just by looking at it.wow!your hair omg.love it.. you so awesome ... !!!Absolutely stunning!omg! soo gorgeous!The movement in this is amazing, and facial expressionOh the tones and your expression and the movement are SO good.your facial expression are so pretty. i want them.lovely portrait :)

[ via alfieyork's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--alfieyork ]love the tones ! posings great as welloh, this is prettyLove the emotion !oh
my
gosh

I am in LOVE with this shot
like, love

I love your expression
I LOVE your hair blowing
I love the dark tones

this is great :)Great work.. this has to be one of your best! And that's saying quite a bit.Wow, beauuutiful :)Wow the tones and the motion of your hair!
So amazing. I love the emotion here.A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Amazing!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I'm in love with it....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY WOW.
I love the tones, this is amazing work ! 
And i love your hair here !Like the mood herelovely!Beautiful!so beautiful. smooth.you are so FREAKIN' AMAZING. 
:) 
this is gorgeous.ahthis is really stunningI love how clearly laid out this picture is, and yet there's a lot of motion.
and the colours are so... monotnously, in a good way. I like that.
beautiful picture, I'm always so happy when you upload something new.i left you a testimonial. :)Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningthis is gorgeous! I love the color toneswoow, beautifulso pretty. i love your work. its awesome.lauren! this is awesome.HOW DO YOU DO IT????
arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhsimply amazing! love it!wonderful shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Love the mood of thisSimply perfect....brilliant!Incredible photo! Loving the black &amp; white treatment and great tones! Well done!beautiful imagethis is so beautiful. i love the colors and focus.your pictures are amazing.
what lens/camera do you use?beautiful light and colorthis is beautiful. So filled with emotion, and the movement is great.neat texturey stuff in the background.this is soooo gorgeous. i love the tones/focus. you amazing meeeYou deserve all your famewow this is amazing!you're incredibly amazingohh my god this is a really pretty shot!Wow, you just get better and better.
Wow.
Wowyou should do an AP studio art folder. you could do a beautiful spread of self portraits for your concentration : )I love this. The background is soo creamy, if you know what I mean.
truly amazing.Your hair is just perfect in this. The muted tones work really well :]your always so gorgeous in these photos! :)I love all your photos! So beautiful!!!♥shots like this always remind me why you're one of my absolute favorites here on flickr haha
that being said, i love this :]sigh, incredibly lovely. I love how you have your bangs up for some photos, and down for others. the motion and mistiness.... yes.you are so gorgeous. and I love the tones. You are a master of them :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is so amazing 
I love the movement 
and your tones &lt;3333just stunningThis is so amazing large. I love the tones and the mood created here. The movement of your hair is unreal and I love the softness/eeriness of the background.your portraits are incredible, nice work!wow, this really is just stunning!! Your hair certainly does look marvelous :)just want 2 say: kuteThis is so beautiful I'm totally speechless.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.wow :)stunning!Speechless....out of this world!Lovely..!here eyes! 

beautiful makeup-processing
great expression

and the hair really is the finishing touch!Fantastic Portrait. Menudo retrato te has marcado...

Increible procesado. Vaya ojos!

Salu2!yeah!!!menudo foton!!!
favorita!muy muy buena! genialGorgeous!beautiful picture!stunning..!!!
awesome processing...great shot .!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )me gusta este retratoPrecioso retrato, toda una profesional.
saludosAmazing Portrait &lt;33Beautifully captured!Menudo retrato, increíble cada día te superas más :-)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado *The Pandora's box* y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.como me gustan los ojos q haces
un saludomenudo retrato, que cuidados todos los detalles!!!

ALUCINANTE!!!

No estaría nada mal que escribieses algunos de tus secretos....  Yo como la anterior, me encantaría sacar los ojos así....


BuenisimaPreciosa, divina... ¡magnífica!eres excelente ! la modelo es muy linda pero tu trabajo es impresionante ! te he dicho que te admiro? ! bueno sabelo !¿Es un strobist callejero o has vuelto a recurrir al parasol multiusos? Sea como fuere la iluminación es perfecta. La modelo debe sentirse enormemente afortunada.gorgeous!!
love her eyes!Beautiful model and portraither eyes are so amazing.beautiful skin tones and lightIncreible retrato.beautiful!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great :)esos ojos que se salen del monitor!Comoooo molaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh! ;pCute model! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing!Te ha quedado absolutamente fantástico!! :DOne of the most beautiful portraits in FlickR and part of the universe!Excelente retrato, un trabajo muy profesional, enhorabuena.
Saludosthe eyes are amazingesta foto es hermosisima sus ojos son tan brillantes me encantaExcelente.Pufff, que retratos mas bonitos!! 
   el dia que yo haga retratos de esta calidad, no se, me da un ataque al corazon!! jajajaja
          Un saludo!!
  Realmente te admiro.beautiful.Pues que bien te va con eso de &quot;robar&quot; almas!!!
Preciosos los tonos!!!beautiful portrait¡Un retrato excelente!Love this photoGorgeous face and tones! Love this!jmavedillo - solo hay un secreto: trabajar, trabajar y trabajar :)
sergiopacussich - todo un halago, gracias !
Dr Azzacov - Estuve a un tris de sacar el flash, pero ya sabes que yo siempre prefiero utilizar la luz natural, asi que usamos el parasol multiusos XD
plabincillo- como he dicho antes, el unico secreto es trabajar. Dedicarte en cuerpo y alma a sacar lo mejor de lo que tienes delante del objetivo :)

THANKS PEOPLE FOR YOUR COMMENTS!!!!!!!!!!! and for your support!!!! =)beautiful portrait.Nice work..!! Congrats on making it to FP!!beautiful faceCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2809504...This is not a fave to the photo. It is a fave to the girl. Wohoooo! :-)

Second thought - fave to the photo as well!


:-)

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Great shot~) outstanding work !-------------------------------------------
This is Absolute Super!

And here´s your invitation to:
Nice Models

Welcome!

Post 1: comment 2
Pls tag: &quot;Nice Models&quot;
-------------------------------------------Stunning!!!!great shot; luv the makeupHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Catch the Female Portrait  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.How gorgeousBellísimo retrato!Me encanta esta foto! es increible esa expresion que lo consigues sacar a la mirada! enhorabuena!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!so beautiful, great makeup art as well as setting and light!Gorgeous photo!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado A passion for fashion y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado No limits-Sin limite y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Muy chulo este retrato y los siguientes. la iluminación y los tonos que consigues son una pasada :)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SUPER  Stylish y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Talk the talk y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Excelente fotografía...
Vista en – Seen in 

No limits-Sin limite
Sube 1 Premia 2 / Post 1 Award 2Maravillosa! Me encanta que el pelo, los ojos, los pendientes y la ropa vayan a juego con el fondo :)This is stunning!Imposible ver esta foto y no detenerse a contemplarla mejor y dejar un comentario. Un trabajo MAGNIFICO. Como ya nos tienes acostumbrados, claro.these are such beatiful beads! (are they beads?? LOL) gorgeous work!Beautiful !!These are so beautiful, colourful and very YOU!So pretty :)Thank so much everyone :))  some of these are beads,Awesome! Love the colors and designs!is very very very nice....what a great collection!!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Beautiful!Thanks! again everyone,  i'm sooo.. happy  with all of ur comments &amp; for the explore..  :)))))))   love&amp; lightThe colors!AmazingLovely picture!



--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)totally outstanding.

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?very beautiful...Uch is too far off the main road...I doubt we'd visit it by our own next time...

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough? 
very beautiful indeed,Thanks.Very cool place, Uch Sharif,... did you meet the famous Bukhari (the most important family around....) family - three very BIG brothers! 
Great place indeed - and a nice shot,... well done!so beautiful .....a real post cardBeautiful .. !beautifully shot, the detail is awesome...Kiya keh-na Bhai sahib,
It's Really looks like &quot;A Post Card&quot;
Thanks...............!!Beautiful architecture....Excellent shot, my friend


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/Wow .. Stunning !!!!!!!!!
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found invery nicewonderful work!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Beautiful! The birds add so much to the image!Beautiful skyGreat sot! Amazing colors and detail!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Colors of Pakistan (Post 1 Comment 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!O ma... not everyone gets that kinda sky over there.... shesha hay shesha yeh shotWonderful work !
Congratulations.it's such a beautiful picture.

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--HolgerBrune ]Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pakistan Pictures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent photography as usual (need to come back though for a closer look).Beautiful work !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 100 + Viewed Best Architecture Photos (add 1, award 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.Excellent shot my friend.Award from: 100 + Viewed Best Architecture Photos (add 1, award 1) 
www.flickr.com/groups/100architecture/


Extremely wonderful, impressive and amazing image ! Excellent pic !!
(I would appreciate a your kind visit or comment on a shot of mine)This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Great capture!!Surely a postcard, amazing one!!!!questa è veramente eccezionale ...... un posto fantasticoClassic......Award from: 100 + Viewed Best Architecture Photos (add 1, award 1) 
www.flickr.com/groups/100architecture/,&lt;33Rw3a il.bokeh w il.focus (Y)alllaaah&lt;3
7lw elfocusyaa fnanaaa ;)Vintage!rainbow on fire :POmg i so love this ! &lt;3 amazingrheeeebatwni mnzlah nfs el pic :P &lt;3uff the tones t3thbb !fav for sure!Loovely lighting &lt;33The bokeh is awesome.. the focus is even better :pil focuse shy thaani ='')ahhhh-mazing mashakkah =')so nicewww.flickr.com/photos/47210562@N02/4334705128/

كومنت غلايamazing !beautifuul!!!تجنننن وحبيت البوكيهWell captured
 
Seen in Almost
Anything
Please tag your photo &quot;AlmostAnythingCongrats on Explore !(L)uروعه ♥i uesd this on my tumblr, i just love the focus.
amazing work!Precious! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!rainboow.. ilfocus&amp;rainbow :p (L)_(L) ! 
aa5 &amp; ilbokeeh&lt;33 
favfavfav akeed!love the motion :)woooww i love itthe energy in this is so great.love thisThis is brillianti love her expression.I always love the dark tones in your photos.... I try to mimic them but fail hahaThis is my favorite of all you none self portraits. this is stunning.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful Shot!
Great Shot you are a FreedomHawk Awarded Photographer !!!
Collect 5 Awards to receive FAVE AWARDS
(please post 1, invite1, comment 3)

Seen in:
FreedomHawk Awards!!!please remember to comment on 3.Spectacular. This is amazing.beautifuloh my GOD.great capture, the tones and details in her hair are amazingoh my
one of the best hair flip photos i've ever seenthe contrast in her hair is amazing!:D
shes lovelythis movement is incredible
you are so great at capturing specific momentsthe focus is just so so incredibleI completely relate to your caption. And this photo is incredible. Sosososo amazing.Nice shot :D  I love how you can see it perfectlyGreat shot!fantastic!youre fantasticthese tones are incredible.the motion is spectacular.
i love this.nice shot dude!this is such an incredible shot!fantastic!your nonsense inspires me man!the tones and motion are perfectawesome capturelove this!
fantastic hairflip =]gr8 one.......good work thereThis is fantastic!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group i know how you feel, i constantly feel like! hope it gets better soon!

I LOVE THIS PICTURE THOUGH! &lt;3Love your hair and the background :) Great! :):D loveeeeee this ridiculous amountsawesome capture, love the bokeh and the motion!Amazing portrait!it's so perfect she looks fake. amazing amazing amazing.the focus is perfectthis is absolutely gorgeousomgosh this is beautiful. the description is also. 

I just love this.Very beautiful photography!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)i cant even describe how much i like the motion in her hair. (it's a lot.)very sharp and cryspy....excellent capture..Gorgeous! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.everything about this portrait is PERFECT.
great shot! 
:Dthis is awesomeDope ! :)Awesome shot! Very beautiful place. I love the moss covered tree in the foreground.Nicely captured...the water looks like velvet!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesome shot!oh beautifully captured Joseph! I'm glad you had a good day!!I went wild and I love it!  Really a fantastic capture.  I searched through your photos  tonight looking for the fall you named and I must say I was reminded how good your work is.  Keep them coming!Excellent composition of Parker Falls, Joe. And I agree with Brandon about the tree and the mossy foreground. Well done.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I love this shot.  And yes, I agree, we need wild life and natural resources.

 The Nature GroupThis is absolutely Beautiful...........Wow!  Beautiful.  We were in Sipsey this morning as well.  We hiked out to the Riddle Cabin, out Trail 201.  It's about 5.5 miles roundtrip.  It was sleeting/snowing a little when we hit the trail at 10 a.m., just about freezing.  Great day for hiking.elemental beautySplendid long exposure!!!  Beautiful composition, too!This is a gorgeous composition - beautiful job of the long exposure
 The Nature GroupI see you are just as impressesed with parker as I was on my first trip! The flow looks almost the same as the day I was there too. Looks like you had good light as well. This looks really very nice Joe. A fave! The Nature GroupGreat shot Joe.  Perfect exposure.  Did you  use  fill flash on this?.  Looks like you picked the right day for a visit to the Sipsey.  Must visit this waterfall. Favedawesome.  love the flow here, great exposure.  and I definitely agree with the sentiment.  

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)You're very good in waterfalls Joe. Great shot.Great shot of Parker Joe! I remember my first trip there.

--
Seen in the group&quot;NORTH ALABAMA PHOTOGRAPHERS GUILD &quot; ( ?² )I'm with you on the Muir quote . . . great looking waterfall, fantastic image!A lot of wonderful waterfall images out there Joe and this one is right there at the top. Beautiful exposure. Love the way the tree roots lead the eye into the falls.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Great stuff, Joe!Fabulous!

 The Nature GroupThis is a great shot!  faveAwesome, very lovely. Looks like it was worth bering  a little cold.Gorgeous colors and that waterflow is spectacular.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Exquisite Waterfalls  ( Post - 1, Award - 2 ) Waterfalls Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I agree, and this is a beautiful shot!Very nice shot! And nice colors!gorgeousJohn Muir was a extremely interesting person. He got it right and you got a great shot in his honor! The best things in life are FREE and John Muir knew it!Great capture Joe!  Beautiful exposure in the flow and your composition choice adds a nice depth to the shot.Gorgeous! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.this is nice. i like the composition and the contrast between you and the red door. it is very well balanced.wow, beautifully composed, framed and processed. the colour-palette is simply perfect (and i love the vignette).i love the red!!!!!this is simple, but great.i love the composition and the vibrant red
this is lovelyyou're so incredible.20Striking!that red is stunning :Oexcellent profile shot ! and i love the colorsYeah! My favourite of your recent work for sure; it's so striking.I love the framing on this, the colors are wowthank you everyone! :)wonderful pop of red!the composition is wonderful, and i love the colors.Lovely shot.It would be a shame to paint the door black ;)where do you live? i want cool doors like this! :Dthis is great. i love how simple it is. and the red door is fantastic!cool RED....
nice work !
www.flickriver.com/photos/corvo_torvo/popular-interesting/amazing stream! keep up the good work!Lovely composition and colours :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group I think I remember this place...is it down near the Canal?

Gorgeous colours!Wow! This is beautiful.great photogorgeous!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]love the matching scarf. always important to coordinate with doors. especially cool ones like that. :DSo brilliant and Inspiring!amazing !!!I LOVE that door :D This picture is great.This is really good! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Nice red touch!love big red doors.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Square, and we'd love to have this added to the group!So precious :)Aw, I hope Duck is OK, all that hard work she has done to produce her babies, she so doesn't deserve a tumour :(  Great capture of mum hard at work :)how sweet.awww! im so sad I cant get one =(
this is a great capture. and it doesnt need to be
on focus =P it looks great anyway =*this is a great capture! 


:( i hope mama rat is okayThought this was a polar bear from the thumbnail. Lovely!Óóóóunnnn! So cute!preciousjust had to make it a fave
great capturehope Duck is OK; her pups or kits (what are baby rats called anyhow...beside adorable?) are growing really fast!!Oh my - so precious! I hope she will be OK!Sweet moment!just so preciousaw poor girl - hope she will be ok - these little guys are so cute:-)I am a rattie breeder in the US and I have had girls get mammary lumps after having babies and it is usually a mammary gland abscess. Not really sure what causes it but I was able to do hot compresses and bring it to the surface to drain it and it healed nicely on its own. Hope it is something simple like that with Duck :)

I love the photo too!So sweet! :-)
I really hope that Duck´s gonna be OK!OMG!! This is soooo sweet! The picture is perfect Jess!!
I hope everything's fine with Duck and her babies :)Aw I love the softness and black and white of this. Its well suiting :)Aww, what a great Mummy she is!!!!
I hope she will be ok, my dog had that but we took her to the vets and she was fine in no time :)ohhhhh how fun!!waww... it's so sweet... so tender...
Another great picture.SOOO sweet!your photos are so sweet of the babes! 
:)
and this is a great capture...

good luck to miss duck, and best of luck to you w/all your new additions to the family! :DAww....she's doing the mama thing!what a tender moment.* Excellent *سبحان الله
seen in ExpoloreAdorable !!!!Poory Ducky....  Hope it's just a worried momma and nothing else.  :)

Lovin' those rolls on the babies.this is the cutest thing ever:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Small Love!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Ahhhh thats so sweeet ^_^
Hope shes okayyya rat is a rat^your point being? :)weird but i absolutely love this
you portrayed the rat in a very different way
it caring and motherly, not something everyone see’s 
major prop’s :DDBrilliant capture! Really beautiful moment here.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Explored &lt;100, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is really good! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Daaagh...Cute shot!Oh wow! Congrats on the new family, Duck!This is really cute!  

Seen in Explore: Last 7 Days.  CongRats! OMG!mickey mouse is a monster . this is really cute . 

Just for your Wed.; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Tenerissimo scatto!!!!!this is too cute! oh wow!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Soooo very cute!!!!So cute! Mine has a mamary tumor too. Shes 2 1/2 though :( So I dont want to take her in, in fear of what they will say..wow that is just marvellous, look at the reflections, magical!can u please give the settings at which this wonderful pic was taken?Wonderful Colours. Great Picture...Love how that filter smooths out the sky and water and everything else is pin sharp!Oh my gosh, Si, this is soooo beautiful. I so love the sky and the reflection....awesome!!!!!WOW!

FAV!

Guido

seen in my home page


Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Canon EOS 7D Fans **Monthly photo contests** OPEN!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful shot!
You should join the 7D fans group if you haven't already and enter this photo in our monthly contest.
Here: www.flickr.com/groups/canoneos7dfans/discuss/721576233278...and a superb shot mate. Quality

rgds
DaveI'm with JStokes, that's what's so fascinating about these long exposures I think, not only the colours, which are so rich, but also the sharpness of the solid objects against the softness of the sky and water.  And your compo of course.   Very nice Si!!Fantastic!Beautiful shot
weldoneLovely! The water is so nice...Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Stunning image and exposure!did you use photoshop or anything on this?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Sooooooo Stunning :-overy very nice work..Great pic. Been there a few times years ago before I had my camera, must pay a visit.I didn't realise there were invisible dams, I've never seen them 

This is gorgeous, I got bugger all from my trip to Elan Valley, maybe we all need to take a trip there before too long!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )Great long exposure shot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Nice shot and well done !I like the reflections in this great shot.This is truly stunning!!!

As seen in Your VERY BEST ever
Our members appreciate YOUR very best ever!wowCongratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1677811...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22684. 

Your all FP are listed here.Quality! Well done.Fantastic capture..beautiful reflectionwow that must have been alot of ND filters on
that lens....Wonderful photo!so gorgeous

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.great picture !I love what's happening with the clouds. Yeow. What a cool pic. Superb angle and composition. Thanks!
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful!stunning!oh my gosh i love this!this is amazing.ohhh my god. this is gorgeous. i love the prospective and colors. You're a genius with film. :)These colors are so amazing!Great one!omg this old time-y look is so perfect
I love the way her hat is rested on her head
Great angle, too!beautiful, love the perspective :Dwow, love the focus.
Terrific shot!


[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]i
love
this
so
so
so
muchthe soft focus is brilliant!This picture makes me feel good :) i really love this!this is UNBELIEVABLEStunning shot, such great perspective!beautiful!this is so beautiful, i looks so soft and peaceful.This shot is amazing!colors are amazing.
the prospective too. 
it brings back memories of my 20eslovely!Great capture!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)oh my goodness. all your pictures are so beautiful.so soft and lovely. and beautiful nails.thank you!oh my goodness, i love thisthis is so nice!nice photo!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called colouRED, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Awesome photo. I love the lighting.beautiful one!your fingers are perfectso sweet!Cool upsidedown reflection! The little leaves really make it!

Seen in my contacts' photoscool lighthehe bravo c'est extra, le chiffre dans le coin rend super bien et accroche le regard, belle compo ^^very nice
:)Great reflections!:)

(seen in my contacts uploads)Wow, magic snow..Great shot !That's something different, very coolJe viens de retourner mon portable pour voir le reflet d'origine, ça rend l'image encore plus impressionnante!I love reflections. Very cool work.Ca change de ton style habituelle et c'est vraiment bien foutu !
Avant de saisir qu'il s'agit d'un reflet, on passe un petit temps à se questionner, ce qui est toujours intéressant !great find, this is so different from your late pictures, The reflecions are stunning and the right down corner makes the shot. : )Beautiful shot and lovely mood Nicolas! The floating leaves are just lovely!Oh my, that is a nice reflection! Well seen and great capture of it!Hah! My new favorite subject! I'm looking for reflections everywhere. Well done!damn great from a refelction. awesome!Différent que d'habitude mais très réussi .Tu as quand même un sens aigu de la composition .

Seen on FluidrMan, le traitement le rend vraiment bien, cool !Cool.Fantastically unique perspective and capture, my friend--always love to see this more intimate, introspective side of your work. :)superbe résultat! une image &quot;cinématographique&quot; ...Super cool Sparth! You again got the atmosphere nailed along with the reflections, Awesome!Trop cool !clever clever shot. nice one buddy!The reflection is mental!!!j'adore le rendu de l'eau!! beau boulot!!very interesting capture!! love the yellow leaves in there! well spotted and great capture! :)Really interesting, man! I'm digging it!Back to say: Congrats on a stellar &amp; well-deserved Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Wow wonderful scene..!!!wow! so cool!!! looks awesome!Ohw wow, totally digging the reflections :))A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Rhoo super bien vu, bravo bravo =)Ces chiffres, ces immeubles, et ces points comme des etoiles : beaucoup de SF dans un simple parking !!!!
Magnifique+1 pour les petits points blancs et le 09 (Ariège ? ^^) en bas qui apporte toute l'originalité à la photo ! Bien vu Nicolas !Looks like static or some kind of futuristic scene.cool, ça tombe bien j'adore les reflets !!!!!! 
celui ci est terrible et contrasté comme il le faut
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Bien joué,ambiance étrange, il faut s'arrêter dessus sans lire ta description c'est tout bon ^^Excellent !!I love the atmosphere in all your photos, so tragically wonderful.Awesome image, fantastic reflection!beautiful reflection!well seen and captured :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)oh my, I would had never guess it was a reflection! 
Great!!!coollovelyInteresting shot!I love that big orange flare.that flare is amazing.Such beautiful lighting!this is so beautiful, what gorgeous lighting.That flare really does give this shot so much edge. :DBokeh and flare &lt;3this is incredibly unbelievablemmm the light.Holy mother.wow. this looks like film, which makes me love it even more. gaaaah logan you amaze me.that flare is incredible, this looks like a dreameye luh diss
hisss*amazed. O.O
lovelovewow. so incredible.digging that flare, amazing shot.it is unbelievable &lt;33how amazing!

that flare tells the all.unbeliveable light an bokeh and stuff like that, you're greatit's only perfect.this is so beautiful.beautiful light an bokeh.
so, so, so beautiful!!!so beautiful... such a soft feelingthis actually really looks like film.
i love the lightReally beautiful job, inspiring for me.
Congratulations.

ahhh HEAVENbeautiful capture :)this is so pretty.i love how dark it is inside, but then there's light outside. :)Hair is cute :) How do you do it?hey jessie! its been so long since ive seen your stream, im sorry :/. i need to catch up! and this shot is amazing. as always!This is beautifuli like how the shades are crooked :)ahhhhhhhh &lt;3 the lightlovleyYOUR HAIR!!!
i love. i love. i love.wowza, i am speechless.Really nice lighting.Beautiful.I like the light, lovely :)this feels so fragile and delicate
I love the hand placement and I honestly think your hair adds a lot to the photo.
also the crooked blinds.What a beautiful shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Beautiful shot :)
nice hair ;)Love love love. the messy hair, the silhouette, the window view, it's perfect.this is gorgeous. i love the contrasti lovelovelove thisBeautiful light! Great shot!I love this! And i love your hair :)this is so beautifulmy goodness dear you are fantastic 
this is wonderfulGorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love it !!!!!!!!beautifulGreat use of light :-)welcom back ^^
i love ur gloves ,.
Amazzin shotI love your gloves, been lookin' and lookin'. glad you had a great time!those are some sweet gloves!  adore the stripes
glad you had your get away and glad you are home in the coziness of home.Great gloves, really cute photo!So chic, so nice, so beautiful!
Superb!glad you had a good time~sweet gloves

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)fantastic shotLove this! Great colors!tickety boo---i love that.glad you had a great time!!
love the mood here   xoHi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so nice!LOVE those fingermitts~
Happy that you had a great getaway!
xxxbeautiful colors here, really love this shot and those gloves!Love this and so glad that you girls had so much fun!!
SGorgeous tones!what a great, happy shot! ;D!Superb colours and bokeh! Love the gloves.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice colours.Wow, weekend away? How lovely!!!!!looks and sounds like you had a great weekend!!! love all the photocabine pics :) xoxo

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Idk why, but I love this shot. :DThis is great!  Love it!  =)love this :)Very nice bokeh

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Guerrilla Street Fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)this is great...somehow I missed it, but just saw it in Explore...cute gloves!!!!:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!She looks so beautiful &lt;3 Hopefully soon &lt;3!Oh Clarissa, your Pictures are always perfect. *__*
Shes wonderfull, love her. &lt;3I love the colours of this shot! &hearts;This is soooo beautiful! o_O I love the colours in her hair and the light is amazing &lt;3
Wow, so nice! Here is still cold UUShe is so adorable! It makes me think  about spring! ^-^oh wow, so pretty girl! love the light and the backround here, looks so full of lifeOh she looks so sweet! Nice lighting!loooove the lighting!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)A great shot! I can't wait to see the sun again. &gt;____&lt;Aw, really nice pic! And I can even feel its warmness!Love the light through her hair - looks just like she's moving. Such an expressive shot.She's so cute !!!! Nice shot !Ang cute, cute talaga ni Addie. ^_^ Parang kinukuhanan nya ng picture ang sarili nya. hehe.wow ang ganda ng pagkakakuha ^^ as expected from ate cla ^^ ang cute nya~ XDShe's looks like such a free-spirited little girl in this picture... ^_^
Absolutely adorable!Lovely photo of your girl. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Toys =D, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Cute ~yay, I am happy it gets warmer, here is still everyday snoooooow &gt;_&lt;Nice ~ &quot;~~~&quot; ~Thanks so much for all your comments! We are approaching summer over here! Because we're in a tropical country the cooler weather days are only short-lived, and most of the year we get sunny skies (or rain, LOL) :)Awww *___*
yes I hoope warmer days are comming! the man from the weather forecast says yesterday: &quot;the end from winter isn´t come in sight&quot; and I thought o.O whaaat? :D
well, this pic is amazing! it looks like spring and summer and she is very pretty! &lt;3Just saw this photo in Explore - she's darling!  And congrats on having it explored.This is so cute - and explored too! It is wonderful that your photos can spread the Pullip/Dal/Tae love!!Beautiful pic! I love the colors! ^_____^ Cute! Thank you! I personally love cold weather, but summer is fine with me, too! Winter can be very pretty in pictures, but I hope you can have better weather soon :)
   Thank you so much!Wow ! So beautiful !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is awesome, yay!!Damn...I just have not had time to do one of this...so sorry.... Love the idea... These are all great.woot! #3!!!!!awesome amy!yey im at 2:30!
I loved this project so much, well done Amy! You did a great job with the video!Hey!!!!!  Awesome stuff!!!Awesome!Nice video Amy.... AWESOME!turned out awesome :) sorry i didnt have time to do this, hehe, looks like you had more that enough participants though ;)First who sang the song at the beginning. I've never heard it before and it ws beautiful. Secondly your video actually made me cry and not tears of saddness. It was beautiful Amy.Fantastic work, Amy (and all you participants!)  Well done, indeed!Love it! Well done!!!! xIt's really cool to see it all come together like that. Such a great idea, thanks Amy!Ha ha, that's awesome ..... congrats on getting it done Amy, was an awesome idea for a group.What a great idea!1:29
ya thats me.superyoure so talented
im soo proud for being part of this awesome porject

congratulations amyThis video was awesome Amy. Thank you for letting us all be involved in it!yesssssssssssssssssss!!!!this is certified cool. grrrrrrreeeeeeeaaaat idea.Chee! Cool vid Amy!It's terrific - what a great idea.It was such a cool project, please start another one! :DOoh check out 0:11 xD Hahaha.
This turned out so great, Amy! I love it! :) Thanks for coming up with such a great idea :)CONGRATS AMY for doing it&lt;33
came out awesome!Great job Amy!Excellent - so much talent in the contributors, and in the editor for putting it together!This is SO cool! Congrats! :)Love it so glad u did thiss!haha. Awesome! Thanks for coming up with such a great idea. :)What a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.I adore the light and the colorsthis is beautiful and i'm not sure what else to say
but i really do love thisvery sweet lightingthis is so perfect.oh my gosh. i would be so cold.


but i love the light.
&amp; lillie's legs look nice and long.sun flare is flippin beautiful!this is so so good 
so simple but just stunning. the light round her hair and the grainyness and just everything.  i love it.god i love your photos.beautiful and simple. 
I love when you post new photos!thats some nice light you got here
your quite talented, you know?this is so intimate and real and pure, i love itthe sun!this is so delicate, im in lovecuteohhhhhhohoho i love this!oh i love the light in her hair. so beautiful.Nice. And the setting beats the snow around D.C.It's an excellent,i termed it d bestlove.superb shot
Great Shot you are a FreedomHawk Awarded Photographer !!!
Collect 5 Awards to receive FAVE AWARDS
(please post 1, invite1, comment 3)

Seen in:
FreedomHawk Awards!!!please remember to comment on 3.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so beautiful!!  I wish that was me.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ◄◄ Rewind: Retro and Vintage Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice one, great shot!What a striking image! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.beautiful capture!amazing oneThis image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! a fascinating array of shapes in the water... nice work.great perspective, wow scene.no comment , great in black !!Nice.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Monochromatic Visions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great b&amp;w, Robert.
Me hace sentir en paz.
Saludos.

Luis.Dynamite range and texture.  Great composition.That foreground is pretty sweet!  Nice work here.
Danielgreat scene! good job!It's wonderful, Robert! The clouds and the ice mimic each other so well.
Good eye!
Hugs
LindsaySo beautiful!www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)Congrats on Explore, Robbe !Nice shot and well done !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Grand detail in the foreground .. good vision!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??

stunning hdr! clouds, reflections are great!love your b/w hdr sets congrats!wonderful B&amp;W workGorgeous B&amp;W photo! Congratulations!Really great capture.great capture ... !!wonderful shape, design and execution!
Kudos!
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

Ohhhhh another one, Robert! You did it again. Look at that compo. I'm jealous. I could jump from an iceberg to the other!Great capture!!Beautiful shot
i love itGreat texture and tones!!  Beautiful!well done!

I'm an admin for a group called Mondo Bravura, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot! Nice.great B&amp;W HDR
I never realized HDR could be done for B&amp;W too but it's great!AmazingOhhh my goodness. The tones in this are delicious.Alice....................mijn goedheid...........wat een pracht.

Erg sterk deze

JanFAV!
Istant FAV!

Guido

seen in my home page


Wat 'n fantastische atmosfeer - en geweldig licht !I am speechless!Prachtig beeld, sfeer en licht is erg goed.fantastic *_*Deze is gewoon eng! Maar wel erg mooi!Wat een mystieke sfeer, prachtig!!Wat een sfeer! En wat een schitterende bomen!Prachtig, sfeervol, mooie tonen zwart/wit!Beetje mysterieus, maar wel heel erg mooi !!!Un paesaggio misterioso, un B&amp;W prezioso!terrific b&amp;w. a little scary though..mooi mooiExcellent work !Hoog Harry-Potter-Gehalte.... Helemaal TOP!there could be witches or warlocks about here , super atmosphere with the mist ;-))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Paw Award! (Gold, Silver &amp; Bronze), and we'd love to have this added to the group!una luce magica !!!

Ciao ... :)Ohhhh, dit is wel heel erg mooi......I think I hear the WolfmanOh.. waar ben je geweest? Creepy plekkie!! Mooie plaat!Geweldig! Wat een beweging in het landschap!Heeft absoluut geen titel nodig.
Gewoon prachtig ... !!Dit zou je tweede FP in a row kunnen worden my dear!damn you have a lot of mist over there!  great!!  lovely shot.xMysterious. The trees look alive. Look at the roots.Ben je in het sprookjesbos geweest, niet voor niks!Woow, this is so amazing, breathtaking and magical! Gorgeous! ♥beautifulsweeet!wonderful shotWow! Spooky..mysterious!TOTALLY Awesome Alice !!!!!!! Absolutely fantastic ... and a fav :))))Schitterend!!!! ik zit al te wachten op de trollen en goblins. wat een spookachtige sfeer, helemaal te gek.

Fave wat mij betreft.Wow...this is amazing. Superb!!A lovely light here. Beautiful!The magic forest. It is magical!Mooi!! Prachtig verloop van donker naar licht ook.Wat een sublieme foto ! Wat een sfeer !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!A very intricate shot with the roots of the trees and the light through the mistWonderful!

Seen on FluidrIncredible light and bw, i like so much yous gallery, greetings from spain.Excellent! Love the perspective and mood!Magic...!

www.flickriver.com/photos/corvo_torvo/popular-interesting/What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)misschien wel een van je mooiste; wat een plaat en gefeliciteerdOngelofelijk, wat een prachtopname. Een sprookje!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful mistiness
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )Really great capture,
magical atmosphere....!!!Ik zag deze schitterende foto net in Explore, wow, wat een sfeertje roep je hiermee op !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Fabulous!Wow Alice, straight from LOTR or Middle Earth... Been to your stream after long &amp; I'm loving it.. :)wonderfull atmosfere!!!! well done!wow! fantastic shot! the contrast is great!wowzers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wow, this is awesome!Great shot, perfect tones and excellent atmosphere to itFantastic !Weer ijzersterk Alice!Heel sterk! Proficiatgorgeous tones!eerie...like itAmazing light! =)wow!great atmospere!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/Beautiful!Ongelofelijk mooi! SprakeloosWeer een voltreffer Alice !wow wow wow!!!
Hele goeie compositie, schitterend beeld!!meer dan prachtig!!! wow ik ook ben sprakeloosHi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

super foto:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot
i love itHi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Dezie is heel mooi ook, mooi tonen!Gorgeous capture, lovely fog, congrats my friend!Nice shot, I thought it was on  a cliff at first but realised it was the reflection from the lake. Great shot. well doneAbsolutely wonderful capture!Nicely taken beautiful! 

 You are invited to add your picture to our pool!

&quot;ALL PHOTOGRAPHERS NOW&quot;
Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the month

wowFaveScatto meraviglioso !!
the light is magic !! complimentiit feels very spiritual as well as flavours of the film sleepy hollowThis is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image that deserves to be
seen and awarded by other Black &amp; White Photography enthusiasts.
Please accept this invitation to display your image in our gallery at

This Image is Invited to the Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please read and abide by the group guidelines!great!so well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo*Gallery, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellent light and tones here...HauntingMade me think of Sleepy Hollow...Great shot!Gorgeous shot.  Love the ethereal mood.  Great b/wStunning shot!rocks !
so good !beautiul place...!Superb light and tone... wonderfully atmospheric!Wat is dit prachtig, Alice....!!!! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )...............amaaaazinGG

keep it Upwonderful.......well donegreat processing!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So colorful and fun!  I love the butterflies!fantastic edition :Dlol lovely editingcool pic ... very well done as alwaysWow awesome Work !!!wow
it's so beautiful and colourful
i love it!!!!!!!!

=DCool editing dude, so colourfull.cool! Superb workHi, I'm an admin for a group called * Just Do It - P1&amp;C1 *, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Muy interesante y bonita!!  . SaludosI like this picture... good imagination...Brilliant work.Just fantastic !!!!! Luv the multitude of colors and hey bro those shades your wearing are sooo kewl !Excellent shot , Wonderful rainbow Well done
Have a nice time.!!ExcellentCute!Amazing work! Very nice, cute shotTotally cool!!!!Awesome processing.Thanks for all you'rcomments...................
Thanks all my friends.............
Have a nice Day......Great work !!Stunning my friend !! So dreamy...Excellent work, very good. Have a good day and keep smilingwhimsical and fun. very cool artwork.Fine words and creative image! Great work! Congrats ...nice edit :)╚═●{~♥~♥~♥ J ═╗.. 
♥
$
$$_____________________________________$$$
$$$$__________________________________$$$$
$$$$$$______________________________$$$$$$
*$$$$$$$$,*_____________________*,$$$$$$$$*
*$$$$$$$$$$$,,_______________,,$$$$$$$$$$*
__$$$$$$$$$$$$_ _._____.___$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$$$$$$$$$,_'.____.'_,,$$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$??????$$$,, '.__,'_$$$????????$$$$
____$$$?????????$$$$..:..$$$$?????????$$$
_______***$$??????$$@@$$??????$$****
_________,,,$$*$????$$@????$$,,,,,,
_____,,$$?????????$$*@@*$$???????$$$,,,
____*$$$????????$$$*@@*?????????$$
___,,*$$$????????$$__.@.__*$?????????$$$,,
_,,*___*$$??????$$$___*___*$???????$$*__ *',,
*____,,*$$?????$$$_________$????????$*,,____ *
______,;$*$,$$**'____________**'$$***,,
____,;'*___'_.*__________________*___ '*,,
,,,,.;*____________---____________ _ ____ '**,,,,
...°*
....O
.......°o O ° O*
.................°
.............. °
............. O.
.............o....o°o
.................O....°
............o°°O.....o
...........O..........O
............° o o o O .
----------------------`•.¸ )
----------------------¸.•)´
----------------------(.•´
----------------------`*.*´¨)
----------------------¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
---------------------(¸.•´ (¸.•`
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█Well Taken ~Beautiful work.this is excellent beautifully done   So Beautifull Richy :)Tremendous Work!
Magic is in the air! I saw this magnificent photo in the group MAGICAL.
This capture is truly Magical 

Show its magic to us!Full of joyBeautiful work my frnd....very goodHi, I'm an admin for a group called ! Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful and creative work !!Thanks for all you'r comments.................
Thanks all my Friends...............This is awesome.beautiful colors! so imaginative! oh yes, i believe!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.This is a beautiful fantasy!Fantastica toma
excelente
saludosexcellent worknice&lt;3


keep it up


comment meLovely! Congratulations Richy!Cool shot!Very cool processing.  Nice touch on the shades!Bonita composicion,llena de color e imaginacion,,saludos,fantastic workExcellent work!!!Excellent work !!!!!!!! Fantastic color scene !great work !!!!Cool!congrats on explorewow...wonderful capture!outstanding work...magical!!!Excellent portrait!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fascinating work, my friendThanks for all you'r comments...........
Thanks all my friends.........Awesome capture.
Very nice..Aw aw.. Handsome with butterfly, what a awsome, great n explore again.Beautiful composition!!Good one :)You did a great job!nice imagegreat editing, very nice n well done my friend!Excellent creativityso beautiful and colorful and your writings are wonderful

congrats on Explorenice  workbeautiful process, lovely &amp; colourful.Great compo with fantastic colourgreat job :) 
love the colors :) so freash :)you look great my friend!! your editing is very spectacular! love it!Nice shotVery artistic....Excellent photo.Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3376269...well done !!it was really fun nice.great portraitNice capture. FP well deserved! Congratulations!! 
All your FP are here.Wonderful work !
Congratulations.congrats on frontpage.....fantasticBeautiful work my friend!


Really nice and creative.

Have a good week!Thanks for all you'r comments................
Thanks all my friends.........nice pic

keep it up

comment meWonderful creation!
Congratx!Well done ! Beautiful work !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Thanks To ALL..........Fantastic !!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)vARAh sALi......n!!!ce p!!!c .. ~nice imagination :)Great work!!!   Fantastic!!!!what a lovely photo.
:)))superb.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Great work , lovely colors , =)Nice ~ cool work hereBeautiful work, my friendHi Rishwan,
This photo provokes such emotion in me. 
Congratulations on Explore!
Have a sensational Monday!
--
Seen on Ansazwtf is this?Thanks for all you'r comments...............
Thnaks all my friends...............you made my morning!Great shot. well done. congrats on your FP explore. Keep it up.Congrats! Interesting picture!wowowowow

piece of art truly

love it

favBeautiful work!
Congrats on FP!seems very joyful, beautiful colors!Great concept!Awesome work, just bursting with color and happiness! A very well-served spot in Explore and FP!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I dunno why i feel weird with this photo..a guy with butterfly and rainbow..soo akward..hehe..but still the photo is excellent..great work&lt;3.. Really PrettyAwesome!Thanks for all you'r comments.............
Thanks all my friends...........This is a super shot, and fantastic work!  Congrats on the Explore!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)amazing creative work... i love all the colors!!so niceSuper presantationYou are so creative. AmazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.nice editingHahahaha, really cool :DWow! Great stuff this effect! It has completely changed the aspect of the photo!Congratulations for the Front Page....;-)
Your photo is fantastic....;-)

Kisses
Blanchi.-Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Élite Only Outstanding Artistic photos WITH INVITATION  P1-C2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!The colors are great!! :)Hermoso!!! bello, mágico...:)excellent work!!!!nice work love the coloursWonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.ahhh cool colors!Thanks for all you'r comments......
Have a nice Day..wow !! fantastic work... congrats!!great processing...!beautifulEg får litt &quot;ulvefølelse&quot; av dette bilete, men skinnet bedreg tenkjer eg,
Flott bilete!Great shot... your small change looks nice. 

I understand what you mean... the obligation overwhelms the fun. I found a good way for it to work for me right now, but I don't know how I'll feel when there are more daylight hours.Beautiful capture.....love the winter setting....the light of the sky is amazing...soft and serene..lovely winterscape...you need to do what is best for you...you have a family and they come first, flickr will be there for you ...when you want to be there for flickr...What a snow scene with a sunset and a beautiful dog! What could be better? This is beautiful as always Knut!Again a super image, what would you do without that gorgeous dogs. Agree with your feelings about Flickr, I think this is why we enjoy having you as a contact.Storm has really grown and as handsome as ever.  He is such a great companion for you and helpful too.   I sure miss going to the woods when living in the country. 
I do not have that many contacts active on flickr so my visiting those who stop by is not a hardship.  I have been on flickr since early 2004 and before that on a Brazil site called fotolog.  
I would hate flickr to become a chore as for me it's a creative space and I love to have fun but also know when it's time to put up a serious photo.  We have been snowed in, iced in for days now and snowing pretty good with winds to pick up soon.  This is starting to worry those that look to spring flooding as this winter is much like last only more days of below zero.
Stunning winterscape but my eyes went right to Storm being the animal person I am.  I love your photos but also understand if flickr is not fun for you and more of a horrible chore.  
I was just asking Mike again this morning and he said you are a busy farmer and could be near the time the lambs are being born?
I hear him moving about upstairs.  I would love to try and venture out in this snow but I know the roads are in miserable shape.  The horses are just out of town but the side road to their pasture might be plugged with snows.  
Take care !
You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Veldig flott bilete og vakre Storm er uimotståeleg for  sarte, blaute &quot;damesinn&quot; ! 
Forstår veldig godt kva du meiner, &quot;the flickr-bug&quot; kan vere svært tidkrevjande og gje seine nattetimar, så det er nok viktig å kjenne etter når nok er nok og senke krava litt, så gleda over gode skot , både eigne og andres , vert verande! Have fun in the real world too! :-)Storm sure looks like he's in his element here.  We had a husky who was the spittin' image of storm, and I always felt guilty that we never had any snow around here for him to play in.
I know what you mean about Flickr.  I put way too much time into it myself, and I have no choice but to force myself to back off a bit.  Just a bit, though.  I have too much fun at it to back out entirely.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)it's a great 'fun' pic Knut....wonderful sky and light on that snow...Storm is right just to SIMPLY enjoy it ! Our pets can teach us much...I agree with your sentiments...it can sometimes seem a chore...need to keep it how it started out, fun and not get too serious about it... although there is some seriously good photography out there...thanks for your great pics and all your encouraging comments too :)GREAT shot!
Fantastic mood...Vakkert bilde! Flott natur, herlige farger, fint lys og en knakendes god hund :)Such a beautiful image, wonderful feel of it!
And, yes, I do know how you feel about Flickr, I feel sometimes like that too...Please, don´t think of me as an obligation, just check my photos when you feel like, if you don´t have time or inspiration it´s  so ok!  :O)

**Over the Excellence**  
From the  **OVER-THE-EXCELLENCEGroup
Please add this photo to the group www.flickr.com/groups/over_the_excellence/
Please tag your photo with &quot;OvertheExcellence&quot;Storm has grown so fast, he is beautiful!!Wow, I love that dog!!!! He has grown to be even more handsome. That is one great picture, Like you, I have been out from Flickr for a while and it is only, that Barry has kept me up to date, I know a little of what is going on.(K)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Quality Pixels&quot; Post One Award Two..SWEEPER IS RUNNING, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Storm is a wonderful dog and companion for you and your family and so happy you have him!!
Your sunset is a beautiful color and your special &quot;touch&quot; was perfect!!
Flickr should remain fun for you, so just get to it when you can so it remains a delightful experience, dear Knut :)Super shot , well captured and tweaked.It is the most wonderful thing to see an animal in it's true element, living the life it was bred for.  It is a special fullfillment of nature.
Storm's mask has gotten quite distinctive and handsome.

The landscape is as always unspeakably beautiful.

Another lucky shot...(:)  What's going on?Beautiful image storeknut. I understand what you are saying - Flickr can become an obsession.For en fin stemning og en friskhet i bildet ditt.All ros til deg!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.so true. and wow what a pretty picture. gorgeous dog. fabulous scenery.very true!  You are wise!  Take care!My god, the puppy became a handsome dog. I know for sure this dog is lucky to have found your home. 

And I can agree with so many of your words. I cannot keep up with the comments at the moment myself. Its really hard with work, home, fun and friends. But I still love commenting when I feel to do so, this way its real and my feelings are genuine!Wonderful capture and composition Knut. Your dog is really beautiful, love dogs. Have a wonderful new week my friend :-)The beauty is out therein the nature with your family of friends... and dog

The Flickr flue can be quite addictive. :)* Excellent *Wonderful shot Knut!  I know exactly what you are writing about.  I can't imagine the time it takes to write everything in English and come up with your fantastic comments.  I am sure that is why you are such a popular contact!

You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerFirst of al Knut, compliments for a beautiful photo of Storm. The light shining in the snow, the beautiful winter landscape with Storm running towards you, makes this picture “music in my eyes”

Your photos are always “lookers” from your daily life and scenery you enjoy and like to share with your friends. Natural, no fuss or artificial images. 

You have your daily obligations; your farm and family must come first. As you mention, Flickr must not be an obligation that result that you lose interest in sharing your beautiful photos with your friends.

Due to my eye operation, I have had problems to read, write and focus well enough. After a short wile in front of my Mac, my eyes got tired.

I have had the same feeling you express and now when my eyes are getting day by day a better sight, I try to give comments. But I also know that when the golf season starts, my time with Flickr will be limited.

Take care of yourself first my friend, I love to see your photos when you are up to it to share☺Knut, you took the words right out of my mouth. ( Litterally translated from Dutch)
I sometimes feel guilty not having commented on my faithful contacts. But you are right; There is life besides Flickr and we really have to take care that it is not the most important thing in our lives.
So I will not have so many contacts. I want to be able to keep in touch without being stressed.
But now about your beautiful photo:
What a big boy Storm is now. He is a beauty.
And you may have done some work on your photo, but it has become very nice.
Have a nice day, Knut.I couldn't agree more with you, Knut. I'm going through the same process ans running down my activities for the reasons you state.
When fun become a chore, it's time to step back a bit.
I won't say nice shot - it's a very nice rendition of the beautiful scenery in which you find yourself. Your dog looks fit and full of energy. Take care.Now Storm seems to be nearly grown-up. He's really wonderful. I love his &quot;face&quot;, it's so expressive. The picture is wonderful with the soft pink light in the background.Really great capture.What a pleasure!Beautiful Husky!!!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)

Your image so beautiful....
Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Brilliant shot !!


You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/Nice shot. Storm doesn't seem to mind the snow.wow ...gorgeous winter shot my friend - awesome light!
Storm is a wonderful dog! Take care!
Thanks for your visit and your very kind comment :-)



Seasons’ Magic - post 1/award 2
 You Caught the Magic! ;stunning work
seen in exploreexcellent shot thanks for your visit willieI absolutely agree with you regarding Flickr.......I have been on for a few years now, and have aquired many friends, so it is IMPOSSIBLE to keep in touch with everyone all of the time, otherwise many other things suffer...like actually going out and shooting some pics, or working on them ! Trouble is, the &quot;guilt&quot; thing kicks in, LOL !! Well, we all have a life to live, so if I see you only once in a while.....I know you are there, please feel no commitment to comment !!
Your image is amazingly beautiful, gorgeous soft light and wonderful scenery, PLUS a beautiful dog !
Well done indeed.
PS, when you have time, on my stream, click the &quot;View Large&quot; option on my latest pics which takes you to my brand new website, but ONLY if you have nothing else to do, LOLOLOL !!!
(There are many images of Scotland that you might enjoy, and the site diplays better and MUCH faster than Flickr )
Take care dear friend !!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)PS, there are also more images of your amazingly beautiful homeland on the new website..........Det var hyggeleg å sjå eit bilete frå Storeknut igjen, og det slår ikkje feil denne gongen hell'. Herleg bilete. 
Elles ser eg at du du har fått mange vise og forstandige ord ang. flickr, så det trengst neppe fleire. Kjenner meg godt att, eg òg, har inn i mellom nokre lengre pausar frå flickr. Men så kjem motivasjonen att etter ei stund.Outstanding shot.Ska sei dokke jobba godt i lag...du og Storm.
Du verden kor vakkert det er sjå deg med snøen og fjellene...ein god venn spaserandes langs spora i snøen...nydeligt fotografert Knut...
Syns himmelen va akkurat passe...du kan hvis du vil :-)Sooo beautiful !!!I have always thought that since you are a farmer you haven't the time anyway, of course winter is filled with it's own chores but life in general should be fun, not just flickr!!
I was really impressed with how Storm's coat has filled in too...really handsome!Lovely work, well captured Knut
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Perfect, Well doneEtt nydelig og spennende bilde, god fart og driv, Storm e jo født for tunge snøforhold. Flickr ferie er bra! Æ har og hatt en pause nu, og tar en lengere snart!Awesome,

Fabulous!The title is so sweet, and the focus is greatso pretty&lt;3beautiful rose!This is beautiful. :]

Rose is very beautiful ..

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )very beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Such amazing color...Beautiful tone and focus!gorgeousowhh!! this is gorgeous with lovely quot 
i really adore the dof here!Wonderful! I love the tones and crop of this.nice pic, and nicer is the descriptionbeautiful tones!you are a wonderful photographer.So beautifulthe depth of field is STUNNING.beautiful tones, comp. &amp; dof!! LOVE it! :)i love the darkish tones this photo has. its a lot different from your normal processing style.lovely!What a stunning colour for a rose - you've captured it beautifully.very pretty!beautiful shot .!! :) 
So lovely and sweet :)lovely!
and u have such beautiful words :)lovely pic!I love the color of the flower ! Very pretty! :)lovely :)Very pretty.Beautiful!Awe, pretty :)beautiful! love the softness and pretty rose(:really wonderful colors and great crop!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )Beautiful &lt;3Gorgeous! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!super catch!Very, very nice!grossartig!
Farben und Komposition sind einfach perfekt!Just beautiful and so good to see you are back!a very dramatic shot--  wonderful perspective!! just awesome, Lisa!!!!!!Nice to see you back Lisa with a great low light shotClassic.  Beautifully done.  So rich.WOW.  Stunning.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PERFECTION IN PICTURES (Post 1 Award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group! PLEASE REMEMBER TO AWARD 3 = Sweeper active.

Superb capture !!Wow, absolutely stunning sky! Love the dark, rich tones! Well done indeed!!stunning ~Wonderful shot!Meravigliosa foto!!!!Beautiful sky!beautifulamazing !Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.wonderful shot!!!!!!very very nice work..What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Wow absolutely amazing sky and gorgeous colours ... well doneHi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Beautiful work!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Beautiful!stunning shot beautiful coloursHi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful!awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--

 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) 
Please tag your photos ImpressedBeauty 
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Beautiful shot
i love itabsoloutely breathtaking.Super shot...love itBelloWow.  Best lake sunrise picture I've ever seen.  Beautiful colors!Please add this beautiful photo to God's Beautiful World!

www.flickr.com/groups/godsbeautifulworld/Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.amazing!perfect shot.Great shot!!Perfect!!magnifique shot !! well done !! love tone and place !This is lovely!  Congratulations on Explore!nice one, great shot!Love the light you found  in this rather desirable residence, nice one Brian, good to see you back.

BrianI saw these on your blog the other week I so want to go there looks great very atmosphericRather you than me!!!!! Looks seriously scray - great atmospheric capture!!!!Get the babies outa there now, great feel and mood here, looks like you had fin exploring here; )Carreminds me of home! (sadly true....!)I just want to say hello and btw, this is nice.Maybe the designer was going for the rustic look. This looks like a great place to film a horror movie!I like the way the composition &amp; the colors convey a strong dramatic mood.incredable lighting (very cinematic)

-Marccool light and decay!Awesome textures and tones. Very well captured and processed.babies hospital!!! I bet this place was haunted too!!! it sounds like a very exciting trip.  have a great Sunday :----)Looks like he's doing a nice job to me ;)wow! what a fantastic find. Places like this are my FAVORITE to photograph. I am deeply jealous!

great shot as well (but thats always implied with you!)Interesting thing is that I am looking for a new place....EVERYTHING looks really good now! You put things in perspective for me that is for sure! LOL!!!. Excellent work my friend! Glad you got back in one piece! I am sure it was a thrill!!!Awesome!!looks like a little wallpaper repair paste would not go amiss!lovely interior
well things have moved on in the decoration front
thats what happens after the designrers have had a go
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )That's absolutely terrifying!!!!  Well done!!  This looks like it could have been straight out of a horror flick!!i love the light and the details.  cracking titleSo what's your issue with the designer? Wall covering the wrong pattern? Floor covering?  Didn't you see the plans beforehand or was this one of those extreme home makeovers?  Cool shot-great atmosphere!Awesome shot, the light highlights the floor with detail, your meet with Night Stalker McGowan has paid off.Creepy............I like it.  Great compo, and I really like the way you've processed it.What an incredible ruin! Good to see you here!I love these old places. I've no idea where you guys find them!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photoshop Creativo, Macros &amp; Fotografía.  Post1/ Award2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excelente dramatismo.Oh wow! when I saw Andy's exterior shot I was dying to see the inside! Fantastic piece of dereliction! :)A lick of paint and it'll be fine...lol...Looks the part mate cool capture!

Thanks for your web site comments.Looks like it needs a bit of tidying up...Great shot!
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)troppo bella..Fantastic shot mate, looks like a great place to explore. Very nice composition.You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerHi, I'm an admin for a group called Phamtomapixel pro ( invited only... Comment 1 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love itI like the colours and the composition, really nice shot!!great shot, love that light streaming in. derelict places like this are so sad...Quite a location!sute it needs a refresh.
But your picture is greatrather than an interior &quot;designer&quot; he/she looks like an interior &quot;destroyer&quot;!What a room .....are you sure you didn't stumble into a student bed-sit !!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wow...lovely tones and perspective!
congratx!gosh good shades of colour thanks 4 sharingI would have expected an HDR for this shot Brian, it has all the textures. Love the light though :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)loving all the texturesLooks a fun outing, some great natural textures and forms.I like very much!!!!Could do with a hoover too - but a great shot
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² ) .. Believe it or not there IS a touch of HDR here... lol.. I just tend to play it slightly more subtle these days... :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photographic Excellence (Post 1 Award 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow, amazing place, wonderful atmosphere!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great light and composition, nice shot!okay, i need to come next time you venture out like this! how cool? will need to borrow wrist though...ta.Wow, great image!hdr?Oooo... SPOOOO-keeeee!

Love it!this is a fantastic find, Brian,  and excellently converted into a work of art. Kudos!Yeah you gotta fire that guy.Glad you made it out in one piece! Nice work!Fascinating........i'd love to find a place like this.....great work my friend.this is amazing it's just stunningExcellent shot Brian.  Wonderful scene.excellent shot... a great enviormentwow this is very creepy .... but it is an excellent shot - the exposure is perfect!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Great production, nice atmosphereHi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great. Love it.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Digital Jewels, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Saw you were taking a bit of a break there, albeit not quite as long as the break I have been taking!  In any case I hope all is well with you and yours.  I will spend some time going through your shots.  My wife already commented on one she saw a few down from this one!.yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay 7elwaaaaa 
&lt;333-...awww ;&quot;SWow &lt;3333333&lt;3 it 
perfect
F.A.V
well Done..!lovelyy &lt;33
FAAV ;**&lt;3 it


FAAV ;**:&quot;&quot;Seen in Explore ;)FAVlovely Nice



comment me plzso cute (A) :*alpic mooooooot
oO fdiit almodel :P
 (K)
Lovech
o akeed FAV l3yonchperfect(L)explored 
&lt;33 
w Faved :* 
ExPLORED ;PpFAV &lt;&lt;3www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4xpshR3WM4&amp;feature=related&lt;33Ana a3shG elModelL :* Malkooom 7al &lt;3

Suuuure FAV  Wow , 7beet il Idea ♥♥&lt;3
w Faved :*akeeeeeed faaaaaav

nice pic walla
keep gooing fditkum FAAAv &lt;33ahm shy almodel's ;Praw3a..
love youWow, Machel! This is utterly delightful.Oh man Machel!!! Inquiring minds have to know. I will be emailing you for sure. This is so awesome!!! I love that song. Have you seen the video? It's so cute, it will definitely put a smile on your face, just like this put a smile on mine! So cool!amazing work here, totally gorgeous!Extremely magical composition
and
delightful words to accompany
Brilliant job here!

Fireflies in my dreams tonight...:),Machel...!!!
...
tfsOkay, so I'm an idiot and didn't realize you posted a link to the video. So, obviously you have seen it. Sorry.:-pToo cool! Love the glow!I LOVE that song and so do my kiddos..great shot and incredible composition...awesome. i'd email you to find out how to do this....but knowing me, i'd still have a hard time doing it.
oooooh...thanks for the link...love the video and catchy song. fireflies. :)yes how?LOVE this!...very cool!lovely :)very cool :)))))hahaha. love it, my dear machel! :)))you are so creative m!! i LOVE this!! :)I love that song too! It's perfect for this photo!Cool.wow so creative!!!So amazing!
The song goes great with it! :DOMG! You shot this without a tripod?! Your ROCK!! I would have never thought to open up a glowstick! :)Very clever Machel...great shot...mama, utterly delightful !
I love this photo !Very creative shot!cool indeed.very creative!this is just brilliant M...you make me smile!hehehe...have loved this song for a while..but you put it to magic. :)

No kidding re: steady hands!! Holy cow.So cool, you are an operator indeed, Machel -- I love this, brings a huge smile to my face!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Machel!!!  This is amazing!!!  Wonderful shot!very cool! wonderful music, too:))This is so wonderfully creative! I love your work and the fact that you don't do any processing (me, being a Photoshop queen) ... it's so inspiring and refreshing! 

I *love* Owl City by the way!! Fabulous song choice!WOW... amazing. love that song too.This is so cool, very creative my friend! : )The last line in the description says it all....

no Photoshop, no Magic.... all such a shot needs is YOU... of course, with a nice song in your mind! :-Di love owl city...and love that song!What a girl :-) Brilliant idea and really cool outcome too :-) Well done Machel. I will check your song out when I get home today.this is a magical sooc M!!!!!!!! totally &lt;3 it....thanks for the inspiration :)Very clever!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)how fun! :)I soooo love this!
Awesome shot!This is so cool! Must have been fun.Magic indeed !!well, magic does start with 'M'! ; )
amazing photo! looks like a drawing! 

Maggie's favorite song is &quot;Fireflies&quot; by Owl City. . . I know she would like this pic too! ; )oooooh, very very strange :Dthat song is super cute, huh :D goes so well with the photo!Great and creative shot!I agree with you! very cool!coolLove love love that song! And your picture captures it really well :) I may start playing with glow-sticks myself :Pyou made magic!


(...again....)You ooze creativity!!! :)
I love your description...it is a priceless depiction of the creative process!
Have a fantastic week!this is cool!:)Ooooo, the escape of the fireflys.. very creative mhow awesome !!!!!!it IS magic! and you obviously know your camera very well M. have a great week

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)you definitely make magic happen!Wow! Super cool shot!! Great capture!!:DOMG, that is the coolest thing ever. Thanks for the tip!:) I'm going to have to try this when I have some more time. &lt;3Amazing !pretty cool idea!! thanks for sharing your technique~So True!  this is really cool!!  A little magic potion it looks like!

Have a great day withe your niece Machel![http://www.flickr.com/photos/10084268@N06/] LOL...it's supposed to be fireflies in a jar, but I can see the magic potion side too. Have a great day as well.  m-NOoo, NOoo,,, We all know it's your magic bokeh potion right there in this green bottle!!! LOLWhat a fabulous result Machel and so so creative.....
where do you get your ideas!?!? :0}fantastic!! :-)This is really so beautiful and pretty shot dear ~oh Machel...this IS magical...I really hope you don't mind if I borrow this idea...I happen to have a few of those glowsticks and when I saw this...an idea of something popped into my head and now I just have to try it!! LOL..your creativity is amazing!Very creative, cool shot Machel!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very cool and creative shot. Great idea.This is very different from what we are used to. But I love it. They look like great huge neon green fireflies that have escaped from their bottle. Thanks for the explanation. You inspire me to play around with my shot next time around. I had so much fun looking at this one Machel. Thanks!beautiful image!
love that song =)Wowza!!! This is so awesome Machel. You're full of great ideas....Thanks so much for sharing the trick..You did absolutely a great job!  Perfect song to go with it...One of my fave songs now too...My girls also love it..:-) I have couple of his cd's loaded on my ipod now..hehe..

Hope you're doing well,girl..Missed you....Have a wonderful week ahead. xo
Very magical, Machel!! I love it!WOW! You are so amazingly creative my dear!!so different for you ~m...
but so wonderful~
have a great rest of your day~
it's been a bit of manic monday here~

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great concept and very well carried outamazing concept and perfect execution.
You my dear lady are a true photographer. This is very cool and so creative.Wow--you are so darned creative!  Very
cool photo, m!Wow, so creative and cool! Great work and handheld camera - wow I'm impressed!thank you machel!
you have brought something that has completely enchanted me and made me smile tonight....this amazing image, this adorable song...i'm still smiling.
xoThat is so clever!  Really fresh idea, Machel - I love it!!  You are soooo smart!!!well - you don't need photoshop if you are machel spence - but the rest of us commoners can use a little help every once in a while - loljust amazing!!
this is so beautiful. it really is magic.machel, full of surprises! this is awesome!! thanks for sharing =]wow! so cool!Machel, you are the magician!!!I saw this on fb and never came here to comment....sorry!  It truly is magical Machel and how thoughtful of you to think of this for your friend!!!!I just love the song.. It's my ringtone on my Mobile.. :P
What an image.. :)


ow are you Machel? How is India?oh! i adore that song and that photo!steady hand indeed...and so creative!That is so creative and original. i may have to try glow stick photography. That is awesome.yes... magical :)That's so clever and effective!you're totally awesome, m.oh wow!  this is absolutely amazing - I love the look ... the green is spectacular!

that's a great song - the photo is great too!Wow - very cool shot! Steady hand, alright!This is also my favorite song at the moment!M this is INSANE!  I swear,
the fact that you caught this
sooc totally blows me away!Cool darkness in this.Love it, great ideaI am also in love with this song! And this is awesome!amazing shot my friendreally amazingcool!amazing , how ???Hi, I'm an admin for a group called :-) I ♡ GREEN / vert - 緑 - Grün - gween - verde - groen, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely!!!&quot;I just can't believe my eyes!&quot;Love that song too :) if you like it, you would like The Postal Service too, if you don't already!

And this is sooo cool!Yup! Cool! you are continually amazingly creativeMooi long-exposure shot, Hans.
De straatlantaarns zijn sterren geworden en de kerk is in alle pracht en praal te bewonderen. Schitterend, letterlijk !Magnifico encuadre y buena luzLovely!!!
From the first second that I saw it, I have recognized it!!!Que buena nocturna.fantastic compo and color, i like :)Dit is cool! Machtig mooie opname Hans....  Zo goed beheerst..
--x--Keihard die ster.....geweldig shot Hans !!Superb night shot! What of beautiful building isit.
Fantastic compo and colours. Congratulations..Great night shotFantastic night photo !I like the titlle ;-)
Beautiful patrimony architectonic of this marvelous city. 
The night shot is perfect, Hans !Jou camera en lens verdienen ten minste 4 sterren Hans!
(ik zou hier de grijze strepen juist achterwege hebben gelaten, maarja, ik  moet ook nog veel leren!)
Een fantastische prent man!beautiful night capturewowMuy buena!Wat een waanzinnig mooi gebouw en prachtige opname ervan.wooow - eine ganz besondere Kirche - und eine ganz besondere Aufnahme!
Super Nightshot!
Schöne neue Woche, Hans!Heel bijzonder. Nog nooit gezien een geheel betegelde kerk. Perfecte belichting.Beautiful architexture and nice bluebeautiful perspectiveI love the wake of the car!!
I really would like to go there one day!Erg mooi om deze bij nacht te fotograferen. Dat blauw komt nu prachtig uit.Great !fantastic night shot!!!fantastic the angle and those large star lights!
have a great week!Beautiful night shot. Love the composition.I love the perspective and flares, great shot and exposure, Hans.Cara muito bonito. Parabéns:) :) :) :)

you always amazed me :)
Thank you, Hans.

I'm adding this to my gallery. I love all of your works.fantastic capture.I love the angle and those perfect starbursts of light. Great color.Schitterend die blauw-betegelde kerk in een sprookjesachtig nightshot !This night shot is just perfect... That blue color on the beautiful old building is very interesting. Looks like a beautiful city, Porto. Maybe did you drink some good bottles of that wonderful elixir... ;-))MIdnight  Summer  Dreamgreat long exposure shot! The church is very imposing..
well done!beautiful night photograpy .. colorful; especially nice framing and point of viewSchitterend, Hans!  Ziet er heel professioneel uit.
Ik heb heel mooie herinneringen aan Porto. Bleven in een bed and breakfast waar op het bed een hele collectie oude poppen was uitgestald met kant. lol Was daar begin jaren tachtig.
Ook, zo heel erg bedankt voor je toch hele lieve commentaar, Hans. :)
Werd ik even stil van. Mooie week nog!sat sri akal dear, 
truly stunning photograph which expresses a lot of calm and soft emotions with colour and technique.What a beautiful and wonderful shot !!Magnificent shot and lovely long exposure ReenenGeweldig, Hans!!   Hier toch zeker wel een statiefje of zo gebruikt, hè.Goed!Magnificent image.prachtig!!! vooral die lichten!...a star is born!  ...ein klasse nachtschuss, hansThis looks good.schitterende nachtopname Hans!!!
en wat een apart gebouw!excellent night shot.. awesome lights..Prachtige nachtopname.Beautiful night shot!!Mooi shot. De stervorming rond de lantaarns is met die pentax wel erg mooi.What an interesting church, Hans.

I do remember similar tiles when I was there but the night shot makes it really special.fabulous.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.zeer grote klasseDie details op het gebouw!
Heel mooi!Perfect framing and fantastic light.schitterende groothoek nachtkijkplaat; met veel detail
o ja en van harte met je exploreAn interesting church with original external decorations

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Wow, nur ein Wort: “Spitzenklasse” !
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)wonderful facade and lights - and the &quot;traffic&quot;  is quasi the icing of the cake here!!This MUST be viewed in full size to truely appreciate the details! A fascinating church, but photographing it at night adds an almost supernatural aspect to it. Chapeau, Hans!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Impresionante nocturna!!!!!Ik heb daar overdag met Malidinapoli lang gestaan om een foto te maken, maar zo mooi als deze, dat is ons niet gelukt!Outstanding night capture of a beautiful Oportos´s church!
Congratulations, HR!Nou........dat is wel héél erg blauw &amp; glimmend........
ik kijk liever naar die fonkelende sterren......!Prachtig!simply beautiful..the blue on the building wall is nice!
Thanks for sharing.ha! wonderful performance!!!  fantastic light and ambience !
I love this night shot . I love Porto !

just...perfect !nice !!Beautiful light and building !
Fantastic shot !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fave Moi France (P1/ F3), Street photo contest / voting time!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wow, this building is just beautiful!!technisch hoogstandje...goed gedaan zeg!well doneSuperb! Love the detail on the church facade!awesome shotSchitterende foto, vooral die 'sterren' springen er uit!!Wonderful night capture !ERg mooi hans
Goed shot en mooie kleuren zo

Die lamp is erg gaaf moet ik zeggen

!!Wonderful composition!Mooi gedaan! 
En goed gekozen tijdstip, want overdag zie je meer traffic dan gebouw ;)
Heb je de tegels nog van dichter bij bekeken? Mooie verhalend tafereel.Muy buena nocturna de esa curiosa iglesia.beautiful church , great night capture  !! prachtig !!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)impressive night captureGreat long-exposure work. The lights are so cool.Superb....Great night shotVery great shot !That's a beautiful image!!
Very nice HansVery nice this image. Beautiful light as well.very beautiful artistic work on the church, gr8 image.Mooi die lichtjes...ennuh,,,,Delfts Blauw..;-)?Schitterende long exposure , Hans !
Eenrichtingsverkeer daar levert je een prachtig resultaat op . Diafragma prima om de straatverlichting tot sterren om te toveren !Fantastic night capture, perfect colourBellissima ripresaPrachtige en sfeervolle nachtopname...the blue gets bluer when the nigh falls.....excellent captured the mood and the details !Waanzinnig mooi nightshot!!! Het licht in deze is formidal mooi!!!!a beauty!midnight dream ! wonderful night shot, Hans !Prachtig licht en kleuren!Schitterend ! Die azulejos doen het prachtig zo.great colours and scenery!bellissima !!!excelente!!!!!!!!!!!this looks super cool =DWonderfully seen and shot photo 
I Thank you for posting your excellent work! 


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great shot! Love the colour and textures! Very inspirational! :-)a nice night shot with a lovely light control
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)wunderschöne nachtaufnahmeThose lights are just fantastic!beautiful shotWhat a beautiful place! The building is gorgeous, lovely shot =)das ist ja was ganz besonderes. GroßartigThats a beautiful building and the colours coming out great during the night. Nice nightshot and composition!Fantástico lugar con buenas luces y logradísimo estrellado de las farolas.
Saludos.schitterend stukje avondfotografie!Great shot !!Excelente composición y una maravilla de luces y tonalidades. Tremenda la larga exposición que has hecho, enhorabuena.Spot on exposure Hans. Fabulous light reflections.that blue reminds me of Morocco ... nicely done !Fantastic work with the lights !!wow great light wonderful shotHi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Light Sparkling, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful night capture!! very nice image!!Excellent composition !Magnifique
WowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwVery nice Hans..... an unusual building for a church and a little different image from you.Cokin filter ?  :-) Mooie plaatFabulosa composição!!!  Um nocturno muito lindo!

Parabéns!Excellent shot!Wat mooi die blauwe kleur!oh my lanta. 
this looks like it just came from an urban outfitters catalog
truly amazingI'm in love with this.oh man! loveyou have such unique photos
i love themso excited to look through the rest,
this is beautiful and unique and perfect and all those other complimentary adjectives.oh my gosh!!!!!!!!!!
i love this.
i think this is my fav of yours!!Love that outfit and pose! =)soooooo goooooodi swear this fell out of an urban outfitters cataloguethis makes me smile :)
lovelovelove it and the poseoh my godd. i love this so muchHer sweater akdjfaslkdjfaslkdjfagreat balls of fire this is one of my favorites from you EVER! everything about it is great. and all the ones on your blog :o just holy crap, mary claire. and to think that you've only been doing this for about a year. i am astonished. okay sorry i just had this insane reaction when i saw this.THIS IS SO GOOD
i love it i love it i love itthis is great &lt;3why are you so good
love this
love love love loveahhh!
one of my new favourites!this is wonderful, one of my fav photos of yours&quot;oh my lanta.
this looks like it just came from an urban outfitters or vogue picture.
truly amazing &quot;
Mary Claire.  I'm not knocking you at all with this, but no, this does not look like a vogue picture.  Like, let's not just say things because there is a keyboard in front of us.:OOOOO
i love this. so much.
and it totally looks like something from an urban outfitters catalog.I love her sweater.
Great pose.Oh my gosh.
This is such a fantastic image... really crisp. The tones and lighting are absolutely perfect.awesome composition !!!the lines are so so so goodcoolher sweater and pose. oh my gosh.yes, i agree with everyone who said this is from an urban outfitters catalog.
i am totally in love with this one :)great pose and reflection.oh my god I just died after seeing all of them on your blog.
absolutely beautifulahh i love this! the composition is perfect.Outstanding on many levelsvery nice!Wow that is amazing -it was there just for you to find - since you have such a love of mushrooms :) Wonderful image :) !this is freaking incredible!so prettyits magical the light is very powerful. really lovelymagical!

I think you are donig a 730 this year (365x2)...lolhow cool!
even without it it's a beautiful shot!
bit that just makes it more special :)I love the little surprises from nature! This is so pretty!Happy Valentine's Day- cool
dancing bokeh tooHow sweet !!!!beautiful!a heart for you, pure magicjust magical!!oh my gosh!!! That is just about the coolest thing ever! Leave it to you to find a REAL heart on your mushrooms. While the rest of us have to picnik or photoshop them in.;-) Such a wonderful find. You must have been so excited!so cool!!
what a sweet find. :)
love that beautiful bokeh....It look like it is your lucky day! Lovely shot!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )So neat!!  What a great find!  I love the light!!you know i'm lovin' this girlfriend!! GORGEOUS capture, light &amp; bokeh!! LOVE! :)A magical forest....beautiful!aww beautifulI LOVE hidden hearts!  They ARE magic!Your part of the world looks so dew-drippy and damp :-)amazing light!WOW - how stinkin cool is that - love the little heart!!!  Great shot and the bokeh is incredible as usual!!!How cool!  You know I just love finding hearts in nature-  It's soooo perfect too, I love it.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)You have to think that it's planned--like
Where's Waldo.  Ma Nature said, I'm going
to throw a heart in my creations once in
awhile and see who's paying attention.
Lovely pic, m!so cute and the bokeh... wow, amazing!!!beautiful!gorgeous... love the incredible lighting and beautiful bokeh...Another extraordinary shot..wow... the light in this is incredible!! and that little heart is too cute. :)Great find and beautifully shot!Wow! The reflections is awesome!
I also LOVE the bokeh in this, so sparkly and pretty! :DI love it, a heart shaped mushroom.  I love finding all over the yard after the rains now:)  This is so cool Machel, great shot.Even the mushrooms love you!An amazing find!  Great shot!This is so amazingly gorgeous! And how lucky you are that you got that heart - perfect!o so beautifulWOW!  Mystical bokeh....should have saved special mushroom for Valentine day!!lolHave yet to spot a mushroom like this one as far as color/ shape and stockiness. Excellent capture. Love the bokeh.....light and low low low angle.This is so amazing ... it is like an enchanted little fairy land - the bokeh is unreal and the light so delicious! And the little heart just tops it all off!so sweet! nice find!leave it to you to find a heart on such a smidget of a growth... great find and shot... love everything in it! :)
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?²ˣ)Woww! nice photo (:maybe it's declaring its love for you :) - this is gorgeous M :) - the bokeh galore is outstanding..beauty! great comp and bokehHi, I'm an admin for a group called Nature's Gallery {photos with 5+ faves Only} Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

awesome rain bokeh!! such a delightful find!making me smile!
that heart is a little gift from above i'd say... 

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)beautiful!  such lovely bokeh!glorious!!!  :)amazing bokeh!!eep! the bokeh is perfect!I will have plenty of snowstorm pics to upload as soon as my power is restored and we can move back into out (freezing) home! In the meantime, do me a favor and send positive thoughts this way!  The worst-case scenario has the power coming back on Friday.
Needless to say, I won't be around much, as we're moving around between friends' and family's homes! ~~Ugh!Such amazing bokeh!And just in time for Valentines Day.  You should send everyone little valentines with this photo!That's sweetness!  Love the light -- so glad you had such beautiful sunshine to yield all this warm and wonderful bokeh!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)cool shot... loved the bokeh  !!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)How perfect! A little mushroom with a heart on it!!! That's so amazing and the bokeh is out of this world gorgeous! :)thats YOUR heart, Machel! ;-)

I guess it HAD to show as a 'reflection' of all the heart you put in your photography!nice shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)He he, too cute! Great composition and processing!This is just magical...I feel like there's a gnome hiding somewhere ready to pop out.Ohh woow..this is very niceStunning!

Seen on Fluidramazing shot, as always! great bokeh!magical!!!!Nicr shothow wonderful!beautiful shot
i love it
weldoneWow, when I step into you stream I step into bokeh land!!!!!  and its fabulous!!!
Went out to take some shrooms yesterday, but the light was so bad and dull and they all seemed to have gone into hiding!!! :0}beautifulGreat image!!this is a thrilling image!  the colors and bokeh are just divine!OMG!! ♡:-) Love the heart....This is breathtaking...Love the light and glittery bokeh...totally gorgeous! Wow, amazing shot, so magical. I love the bokeh, and the heart is crazy cool!!fabulous.....so dreamy!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.the color here is outstanding my friend!!
and your bokeh's never cease to amaze~
excellent~xx

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)congrats on Exploreit's true magic:-) and gives such happy mood!so wonderfully cool.  
it was there just for you!I was convinced it's a banana when I saw the smaller version, LOLGorgeous! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Wow amazing!Great shot! beautiful bokeh!cool cool bokeh...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!truly magical!!  wowWhere the hell was I when this came up??????? Sweet m.. =]adorable! and that bokeh... LOVEThis one made me smile! Your shots always do. Excellent bokeh and lighting. Such a fantastic capture!wow! love the bokeh!!!The bokeh is AMAAZING!This one makes me miss spring!
Warm, playful tone with a hint of dew!Magical.
Love this shot, great colours and bokeh in the background!Beautiful shotThis is adorable (: and I just watched alice and onerland so its even cuter in my opinion. &lt;3(:i love the motion in this picture. love the red too.this is so beautifulThat's cool, Hel! I thought at first you'd added her in photoshop. Great use of the red.Thankyou!

Haha Tony, no I didn't! I'm really getting into portraiture now, so yeah, hope this is a good start! xoh my goodness this is BEAUTIFUL. great stream of picturesWhoa! cool shot :-)Very cool shot.very cool - love the pose and compositionThankyou very much! xthis is so good 
the red just pops! :)Strikingoh this is great! i love her angled pose and her outfit!Oh that is awesome! Love it!This is so nice! 
There's just something.. misty about it.I agree 100% with mansard roof. A very striking, attractive shot!the focus and red are amazing :]Thankyou very much everybody! xLike a good one from a fashion magazine!wow!!! i love this!!!Beautiful colours and pose :-) I love it!Thankyou thankyou thankyou for all your looovely comments! xthis is fantastic!!!  love the colors and great location for a shootthis is wonderful. i loove the warm tones :)cool shot - very creative - thanks for the visit :)fantastic :Dfabulous motion freeze.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!hand in pocket, taking it easy... lovely shotgreat photoThankyou so much everybody! xNow that's creative! Nice idea and very well executed :)beautiful.
and really great colors !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called People &amp; Nature TOGETHER (add 1, rate or comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!temporary change of priorities... Life's like that.

seek–explore–create

New Directions groupCareful - you're falling:-) Nice idea, love the coloursThankyou! xSeen on exploreThis is gooood. Nice one :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ◄◄ Rewind: Retro and Vintage Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Her hat reminds me of pete doherty's black hat.
Great picture!this.is.incredible.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All Safe Pics Welcome, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Nice colors and composition!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)this is so rad!
mind blowing tones and DOF.
great job.
:]]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called colouRED, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Ahh thankyou everyone! xO'r lluniau trawiadol ffrog goch, hwn yw'r un sy'n gafael. Mae'n gwneud i rywun ymateb yn reddfol - i fod eisiau achub y model rhag sythio ar ei phen. Da iawn. Dw i'n hoffi'r lleill hefyd.the word 'love' comes to mind..Diolch/Thankyou! xxthis is soo lovely ! I lovelovelovee the tones :D ! Great job :)Much higher up the Explore pages now HeleddHmm..BHL says I'm still on 167! :) xThis is amazing!.Awwww hooowww i misssss that pretty aho'ic flicccckr XD XD !
reallly i missss youuur photoos soooooooo MUCH &lt; !
bs good eni el 2nd .. :) ,
anyhow .. tc.*.*Perfect focus ♥love&lt;33jeebLa i Hate You :&quot;P hhhhhhhhhhhhhh tees teees :&quot;P el.9ooora 3jeeeba m3 wyyyhk :&quot;P 3jeeeba 3jeeeba :&quot;P mn zmaaan ma d5lt flickrk wallah eny teeesa :&quot;P uuuf uuuf maa3rf shno aktb laaa3t chbdi el.2mt7aanat 5ltni a9eer crazy ya el.teees hhhhhhhhhhh :&quot;P 5laa9 ma3rf shno agoool :&quot;P TC ;)loved the focus , !bAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL i wrote the longest comment ever ..
ma 6l3 :@ :@ :@ 5la9 ma b3edh 5l y6l3 '3bi mabe mabe :@='''')
...ufff la mabe chof shklh shlon m33www8 chni w7da mynona .. ma b3dlh kefe .. madre shfeni CHUP .. E7TRET :@ :O! ! !Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper shot mn glllb !! 
love the detail on the tree x_x !! 
lol w the handwriting is super cute:P a7sah mal yhal ;)
n' looove the mixed bokeh kinda thing at th back :)! !
awsome job !!-______- uff im in a bad mood, so i wont write a good comment.
awww!! kiddy hand-writing, a7la mn 56yyyy :| uff mb 56yy :|
www el bokeh wrhh,suppeer. fkrah ra23ah as usual -_-  (-10)yasalaam fan walla.. 
lloved the shot kteer..
and YES i do =p
waayed nice el colors &lt;3
mashallah =D   

fnaaaan .. faav *

 |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   &lt;33بالعكس حلو خطك :P

 احلى من خطي لوووووووووول


كثيير كيوته الصوره

على بساطتها بس جميييله


افتقدنا صورك الجميله ياحمد بالاكاونت القديم
I love♥ a7lffffff bsssss a7llffff ena 5a6k 5ays -_____- , ya5i ana editk aly m6ir 3a8li ynn ynn il edit ynn wallah 3jeb O il bokeehh O il alwan wallahy ameeelaa ameelaaa 2wwyyyyyyyy :'''''') !!! Allllllllllllllaaaaaay . . Ay 5aays Ay 5reeebee6 O.o! 
keeeeel shay 2ynnn  . . Amazinnnng wallahiii . . il ediit ya 7md :''''( JMEEEEEEEEEEL!fn (Y):@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@:@
Ufffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff:P la la nice hand writing ;) , Great shotGood photographer :O (Y)&lt;333jeeeeeeeeeeeba al.pic walla ., 7beeeet'ha wayed
abd3t ya 7md ., 
akeed fav ;Ppawwwww
7md :p , el.pic woow 
3jeeeeeeeeba ;Pp
FAV 
FAV
b3d mrh FAAAV hhhh 
Keep Going bro&lt;3wooooooooow!! il colors fnnn walla fan♥♥♥♥ wooownesssss ''LOL it's not that bad.. it's cute :P 
the idea is awesome... i love the bokeh :O&lt;3yes yes .. i luv u &lt;333333333333333333333333333333333 ..hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh la la 7looow 56k wallah :P 3jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh maa 9wrt elly ktbtaaa felmadrsaa hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .. abd3t wallah 3jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb elfocus wallah raw3aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa wallh ...  3jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb eledit yalteees :P hhhhhhhhhhhh noom el3waafi &lt;33333


TCYES we love's youh ;Pcute font :P &lt;3 it ;$Amazing =D

&lt;33 it ~!
 
xpI like it &lt;33nice♥
favedyes ;pPebdaaa3 :)wow mashallah 3leeeeeeeeek 8mah fel ebda3
6rr el shot 7bet el edit wl foces wkl shii 
fav i am in luv with your amazing shot
wallah mashallah 3leeeeeeeeek bro
ana amoot wa3arf shloooooooon el pic t9eeeeeeer 9afra halshakeeel ^_^
Fnaaaan  ent rabee e7af'6eeeeeek
Oo 5a6eeeek Jameeeel wallah 
Mashallahwell doneAmazing
Well done ,, xDOMG :( 
i found you finally !  &lt; 7lfy :P 
wallah i was so SAD !! @@ 
you delete the amazing flickr ever :(
lba hlfan
masha`alaah 3leechwalaaaah enii :O unbelievable leesh chee waayd 3baalhum inyy female ! :S wallaaah inyy male ! :O hhhhhhhh , thanks all :&quot;DOop`s
I`m Sory
masha`alaah 3lek !*hhhhhhhhhhhhhh no problem waayd 9aart m3aay &gt;&lt; hhhhhh thanks xDallaaaaaaaah ;O amaziing mashallah &lt;3( Y )yes :DWOW &lt;33FAVgoodWOW....DAMN PRETTY I WILL FAV! &lt;33333333333333
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comI love these tones.. this is a very romantic image!

..congratS on explore..

; 0 ) ) )ya 56eer enta ya 7md :P:P
a7b your ideas. they just drive my crazy insane o 
make my face totally like that :O:O:O :)
el edit waayed fits with the idea w sh-smaah el capture *.*
admnt your crasy work :P:P
well done 7md. 89dy yl criminal :)just gr8!!!Gorgeous! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Cute !I love it ^^love the tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks. Vista su - Seen in: Flickr Global
Cute and poetic ! Lovely shot !

 Vista su - Seen in: Flickr Global
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So cute !!!  I love it !!! Beautiful Shot !!! : seen in : 


 
 &quot;Parisinita &amp; friends&quot;
Post 1 Award 2awesome. love it. well done.I just love it.love how he seems mesmerized with that corner!! 

Seen in (essential)Seen in 

(essential) ONLY SELECTED IMAGES, ONLY QUALITYreally nice shot!
nice compoStupéfiant. 
Drogue douce.wonderful!
Seen in 

(essential) ONLY SELECTED IMAGES, ONLY QUALITYlove the read wall!excellent ! on dirait qu'il hésite, ou qu'il essaye de s'approcher sans bruit ! La compo est nickel et le titre génial !
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?²ˣ)Excellent !!Merci à tous!
Thank you all!
Fsem spasibo!how poetic you are with these titles!!!
but not so goos as your shots... 
:)wonderful... 
SEEN IN *Alive in geometry*excellent!
Seen in

(essential) ONLY SELECTED IMAGES, ONLY QUALITYsuper composition...super colour, red!!!!!Belle compositionGran composición. Enhorabuena.

--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)cool shot!
wonderful contrastLe contraste sur tous les plans est génial !
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )excellent composition.

Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe New Directions, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Perfect composition. It's a really great work!Excellent! et le texte aussi...Superbe compo, et la posture du passant est vraiment bien vue.Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Space &amp; Space, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)quel beau rouge !
j'aime bien tes titres ;-)Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

bel instant ....&lt;37lwaa!eee wallah :ppp &lt;aham shai elbooks lol
amazing focus w elbokeh&lt;3
abda3ti :*amazaing 
alfocus f'6e3 &lt;3Fnana &lt;3Awesome focus and colors 
chee very calm &lt;3 ! 
and i love those geeky glasses x']7bait il.colours, great work.hehehe 
love it!
fav : )lovely shot ^^favFaved (Y)hehe true 8)

loved the shot marrah 7elwah,,

el colors el focus really good 7bebty

teslm ydeeekhaha i do agree. The glasses is super cool nerdy -like. 
I think I should get one of those too!! =DAmazingcool geeky glasses! ;DWayfarer ROXfav } ..super amazing :Da77b 9wrch ya 7elwa:*الســـلام عليـكم ورحمـة الله وبركـاته

اي والله صدقتي

والصوره فظيــــعه
واضاءتها تجنن 
عساج دوم عالقوه اختي
~That's a FACT!! ;-))7abait al thanyah more :D
oo lovely title &lt;3(Y) as usual :)say yes to the geekiness! :)I love reading the same intermediate film. explored !Nice.mb hay el nazara elly i showed u my pic bs kanat PINK:P
walla yaa zaza tklmyy 3n nfsch ana mb geek (A):PLOL mat5ial hal glasses 3laich @@ bro7a wajhich netfa :P-ms.vevo, 5ala9 kil ma a7e6 a book shot at'thakrich, ur my book person :P
-R.O mania, u should they're so fun 2 wear lol
-asoom, la mb nafs'ha lan hai new :P&lt;&lt; bs mazaj e3nad u know y :P 
-remeya, 3adi il opticien thi7k 3alai wayed o he was like &quot;r u sure it fits&quot; o ana ila a5thah XD

thanx allyay for geeks!i agree ;phear hear!..لقطة جميلة

..حبيت الأدت الثاني أكثرfirst .. i miss u :'x
second thing i Realy like this shoot 
especially the the glasses 
congrats its seen in explore ;D

favedalexzandra,,, long time no see babe, a5abrich ?missed u &lt;3 ,, thanx :*

thanx allWELL DONE ZAITONA .. amazing one ,, great lightJust simply wonderful True ;PpGeeky glasses are the BEST &lt;3Very nice

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)  

Lovely

  |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  Nice Shot ,,thabel al n'6arh 
5a6eeerh 
yal naby nt9ooer looool 
:D:DHi, I'm an admin for a group called I ♥ Books, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)wayed wayed wayed 7bait-ha ! &lt;3

el bokeh wel DOF , UN-6BEE3Y !Gorgeous! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Amazing ♥and a lot of geek inside me! :) great shot.

nice pic


keep it up 


comment me please 



part1 :
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/6712660/4295221425/]

part2 :
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/6712660/4324731129/]


niice walla

commnt me plZz-haha cool ,,

opi al3ab =PpNice pi!i!c 

Raw3aa ㋡

comment meRw3aa

FAAv

AlLah 3JeeP H3 ~

:Pn!ce p!c

keep !t upNice picture

keep it up :)Nice Abii Al3b ;P

Allah E7f'9aOhh Nseet 

FAV ;)

Comment me plzhhhh
7da wanash 
(h)
keep it up 

comment me plzamazing .. 

nice shoot..N!Ce  &lt;3lolz


nice abaaa al3aaab


=DN!Ce walah 

keep !t foo8 
______________________
comment me plzz♥ Raw3a walla ♥
And
♥ η!!!¢¢ê ρίί!!!¢¢ ♥
And
иı¢я šħøт ♥ 

♥ кèép ίţ ùρ ,, ♥


♥ςόMмẾŅT MẾ PŁẾZZ ♥P!!c.. ~? ?ICè ?ICè ?OO?
? ??
?ICè SµOt .. ~?
? ??
it so0o0o0o much.. ~?
? ??
keep it up .. ~?
? ??
????3?.. ~?
? ??
??o? f? al???3.. ~?
? ??
cO?M?nt ?? :) .. ~?
? ??FAV   =)





Nice =D


mashallah 

allah ya7fe'6ah 

it seems 2 be so fun =pنــــايس ربي يحفظك ...niceوالله
raw3aالصوره
keep ات اب
doom الابداااع
&amp;الحركااات 
comment مي
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/36564408@N07/4326999621/page2/]nice pic
keep going
FAV
Rbe y7f '9km
comment menice 
pice 
 

 ابدعت 
يعطيك العافيهTHaNx .. 

all &lt;3 Nice elpiC (Y) 

 Suure Faave ~ hhhhhhhhhhhhh

CoooooL..☆~ИIČЄ P!Č~☆.. 


..☆~ČØMmЄИT mЄ PŁZ~☆..n!Ce  p!C  **

keep it up  **

coMMent  me  **NIcE2
22
222
2222
22222
222222
2222222
22222222
2222222
222222
22222
2222
222
22
2

ناااااااااايس والله ابدااااااااااااااااااع

رؤؤؤعه الصوره 

كيب ات اب فوووووق

ف العلاللللللي دووووم انشالله

كومنت مي بليز

E B D A 3 ;* 

i liKe it &lt;3

n
!
C
e


coomnet meExplored !looooooooool

niceRaw33a 

Nice pic 

Keep it up ..C.U.T.E 

Great shoot ! mashalla =)

amAz!ng &lt;3

keep it UP (f)

Comment me














Amazing ...........n!ce........
n!ce n!ce n!ce
n!ce..........n!ce
n!ce..........n!ce
n!ce n!ce n!ce
n!ce..........n!ce
n!ce..........n!ce
n!ce n!ce n!ce
.........n!ce........

n!ce p!c .. ¬ &quot;
raw3a raw3a .. ¬ &quot;
abdaw3 X abda3 .. ¬ &quot;
..
..
keep it up .. ¬ &quot;
comment me .. ¬ &quot;
+nooooooooooot .. ¬ &quot;


لووووووووول

funeWonderful Capture!!!

Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group وااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااو 
ونـــاسة ^^
روووعة اللقطــه 

=ٍ]niCe piC ~

&lt;333 itN!CE000000___00000___
00000000?0000000___
0000000000000000____
_00000000000000_____
___00000000000_____
______00000_______
________0________
«´¨`.¸.*Nicee*. ¸.´¨`»
¤ ?° ¤`•.¸.•´ ¤ ?° ¤ Love It! •.¸¸.•´¯`•.¸¸.??
«´¨`.¸.*Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`» 


*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` ^_* 

??? ( `? على قلبي والله ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? نايس بكجرررر ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? روووووووعــهـ ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. تسلم الايااادي والله .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?..يعطيهم مليووون عااافيه .. ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. في قمت الابدااااع والله.. ? ` ) ??? 


◕‿◕

推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推
推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推推
推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞　　推推推推
推推　　赞赞赞赞推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推推
推推　　赞　　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推推
推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞赞　　推推　　赞　　推推推推
推推推　　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推　　　　推推推　　　　推推推推推
推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推推هع هع هعn!Ce p!C 


really i like it ~~ 


keep it up ~~ههههه الله يخليكم لبعض يا ربNice
Perfect ;*
▌▒▌♥▪→→ ωǿǾǿω ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪


₪ ▌▒▌♥▪→→ ŋ!ċé p!C ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪


₪ ▌▒▌♥▪→→ яǒÖǒ3ǻ ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪


₪ ▌▒▌♥▪→→ Қẽẻp ïŢ Üp ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪


₪ ▌▒▌♥▪→→ĊÕммеит ме ←←▪♥▌▒▌₪

ونآآآسه 

FAV
\
\

يآآآآآآآآآآآ سـِلآآآآآآآآآمــِي
روعــه ~ 

██

woo0oow ~
nice ~

Roo33aa ~
keep iT up ~

..^.^&quot;..


هذآ بس صمتي يعبـر إني من دووونـڪ
{.. ســــــرآب ~

F
A
V

\
\


Ya 7rakat 

(F)

comment meN!i!ice &lt;3 
^^
كومنت بليز :P
www.flickr.com/photos/46266465@N04/4343529238/

* 7arakaat =Pp ,,hhhh ;pYaaY Fallla
Nice 
&lt;3 IT 
FAV
Coment me &amp; Note 






ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
AllA y7f'6H Anshalla ~الله يحفظكمh3 h3 
sho hal5baAl 
CoOl w RABI ~&lt;3

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ms_shampi/4345761269/?addedcomment=1#comment72157623401509898] Niiice piic ..

Comment me plz

www.flickr.com/photos/mr-7amooody/4345764741/Nice






n!Ce p!C





...niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice pic

soooooooooo nice

:))))

comment me plzNicesoo perfectthis is so lovely. love how it's a silhouette yet not. :) &lt;3I love the crocodile cloud in the background :]
and the light around the balloon and my handexcellent shot.love the compo
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )oh mywow  ! beautiful idea and shoot !beautiful shot! I adore it!!LOve the light.. its lovelythe lighting/contrast; perfect. (:The light in this is amazing.so niceohmygosh. this is REALLY beautiful :Dwowowow. Sooo amazing!amazing light and details
nice work!holy moly!

seriously, you have a giftthere is no way the light in this can get anymore amazing.I love the detail in the ballon!!!!!!!!:):):):):):)woowwow, this is amazingHi, I'm an admin for a group called InTeNCidAD, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Neat, I love it.Bravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)love it, what a beautiful imageWhat a striking image! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.so beautiful ;)Wow!  Gorgeous Shot!oh I am such a wonderful not awkward model
I really love the colors and the sky, despite the fact we prayed for no clouds.Beautiful and perfect. The sun rays are just plain unreal.so gorgeous, i love the waves coming inif this is not what heaven looks like, i'd be surprised.
this is so incredibly gorgeous.The sky is so beautifulthis is so gorgeous! i love the reflection on the water and the almost-silhouettesbeautiful sea side picture (: but i sure won't want to swim there.ohhh beautiful :Dawesome shotdude this is soooo good.gahh wait I just realized this was the thing with Aprille and Alex :D wooohoo, so cool. haha jealous that you all met up :)The light of a sunset adds magic to pictures.
You are invited to post your photo to the &quot;Sunset Light&quot; group.


Interestingness Timeline


--
Found in a search. (?)beautiful, as always. :)amazing!that lighting is magical
oh wowAn excellent light, I like this pictureHi, I'm an admin for a group called 點滴旅程, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Let share your life with us now.this lighting is wonderfulgreat composition and shot!I love this one, Kathy!  The pavilion in the background balances the composition nicely.  Well done!another beauty, the people in the foreground bring a sense of scale. and great reflections in the beanI love the night lights and hints of blue light!!brilliant shot, love the reflection in the beanHi, I'm an admin for a group called The Illinois [directory] !  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Color: DEEP, DARK, RICH, VIBRANT!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Strong image. The blue lights and reflections work particularly well.  It's never going to happen, but I'd love to photograph those tall Chicago buildings.  I've got a feeling they're prettier in the dark though.stunning photo Kathy....very beautiful and strong colour....i love the reflections....very well done........i am so impressed with your photostreamThanks you all very much for the great comments! You should make a trip out here! Tons of fun things to see Michael. :)very nice shot...love it...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Only  &quot;The Best&quot; are Memories through Photography , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

perfect composition!*Superb night shot Excellent light.I like what you did to this one!Very cool shot!!great shot!Awesome shot, the clouds look very ominous!!Da bean is really cool, nice shot, you got the reflections, and the sky , awsomeBrilliant bean!  Being a Chicagoan, I've seen lots of bean shots--but you've captured such a unique and enthralling perspective! So much incredible depth, deep tones and stunning POV! Love it!Thank you all for your wonderful comments!! :)I love dah bean! I have seen many bean photos, and taken many bean photos (none at night) and this one is definitely a great shot! Amazing POV for sure! Congrats on Explore!

How come I never heard of this Flickr group! I would have loved to join in on this Flickr meet! I hail from the far west burbs (Aurora) and would've loved to have gone on this photoshoot! Off to check the group out! :D

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)AWESOMEEEE!! Go to my favourites right now!I miss Chicago... I hope to be able to return one day...Nicely composed.Definately join the group Pixelmama! There were a lot of great people at it. I alas was kinda on the shyer side not talking to too many people, but next time I will definately make sure to meet more of the awesome photographers that were there! Thank you all too! I am amazed at how many favorites this photo is getting so quickly.Most people shoot it during the day. Kudos for a night shot.Great shot!Merci beaucoup pour tant de Beauté

DomiVery cool!Superb shot !

Congrats on Explore !fantastic composition - well done!Awesome. The bean at night with snow as a bonus. Nice shot and thanks for the wonderful comments.

Congrats on ExploreThis is fantastic! Excellent pic!Cool! congrats on explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow, this is...e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph.well done..this one has taken off!xoắn quẩy :))Romantic, pretty, and soft.  love this!màu đẹp em à :x Có 1 vòng mà chú bảo quẩy 

  Thank you ^^

  Hì, tone sở trường a ạBạn nì có rất nhiều giầy chẹp, mà toàn là những
mầu nổi bần bật í dacing foot ;)) dancing .. flower :-&quot; Ơ, cũng.... ko nổi lắm :D:D:D

  Hoa dance nhiều quá tơi tả hết ra kia kìa :))beautiful colors!!!:-)))ùh anh cũng ưng cái này :))lovelyso so beautiful!   Thank you so much ^^

  Hì beautiful capture you retouched it very well ::)) Love the processing.so beautiful :D 
Lovely shot :) 
and I like shoes :PHi, I'm an admin for a group called Pretty Shoes !!  Join Monthly Contest, and we'd love to have this added to the group!* Excellent *wow ♥nice compositionA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...      Thank ya all sweet &amp; beautiful - we all like this!Lovely!chị chụp ở đâu v. ? :x
syh qá :xHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!   Thank you very much :X:X:X

  Chụp trên đường em ạ, vỉa hè đường đê Nghi Tàm :Dso lovely &lt;3
gr8 capturegreat shot, beautiful!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I like it. Good photo and soft colours.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)   Thank ya all ^^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!alllaaaaaay *.*wooooow&lt;3333!!!!miss you , miss you , miss you girl
have a little thing for you all ;*****

S u r i
....Wowcolors *wow* &lt;3THis is ART ! ♥
Mashalh so beautiful, I love those colours. Amazing &lt;3awesome as usual :*i miss u &amp; ur soft shots&lt;3your Welcome hunny : ) + beautiful shotBeautiful!

perfect *

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   lovely &lt;3wonderful !This is very beautiful :)
It is inspiring as well ;D&lt;3colours`re beautiful!
I love this shot ^^Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=4272308...akh&lt;3a7b che &lt;3yaa raw3aaa ;)
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Awesome !!delicatissima!! Beautiful!lovely!i love how everything's spreading from the bottom right cornerHi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is so pretty.This is so beautiful! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.love the processing &quot;retro vintage&quot;this is so simple &amp; beautifulwonderful tones and comp.Great shot! Love the swirly tea:-)Such a gorgeous still life.!this is beautiful!  love the tonesso perfect maggie!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

With my birthday being Feb. 3rd, the Super Bowl is always either near or on my birthday. I've gotten used to a TV being on during my parties :)wow great this is beautiful!you have no idea how much i love this,Mags  xoI absolutely love this image!!  Have fun taking photos!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love this!!lovely shot - two of life's little pleasures.A wonderful pov, Maggie...love the comp and how you captured the swirls in the tea! Just lovely!Sounds like a great afternoon, lone the comp here!love this comp and the colors are perfect....beautiful maggie!! great tones, comp. &amp; dof!! :)awesome shot...Delightful ... love the perspective and tones!love the actionBeautiful capture of the simple things in life!2 of my favorite things!!!! Lovely composition!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Inspire !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Books and Magazines =D, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~I love the simplicity of the shot, very strong!Hmm really like the focus:)Tea and books are a couple of my favorite things too :)...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)



Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY makes me want to drink tea and read a book...love it :)YOU GOT THE BOOK!  How is it so far!  It's SOO good!  Enjoy!  Love the dof!Amazing perspective....... love the tea cup!oh..I missed this one, fantastic POV and tones!gorgeous shot !love this one!Oooh...I love this! The swirl in the tea and the pretty greens! 
Great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I ♥ Books, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is so pretty! nothing better than a good book+a cup of coffee!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hello Ice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Standard Poodle - Caniche Royal  ( SPCR ) group  ©, and we'd love to have this added to the group!He's adorable!!Made me smile big times

Fav++++Ice, Ice Baby!I have been watching this boy grow for a while and he is a DOLL!So, So, fluffy and cute and what a great name!He is so gosh darn cute!I saw the thumbnail and thought he was a plush toy. He's SO cute and what expression he has in the photo!!What a sweetie  I so want to cuddleWhat a cutie.  Irresistible!Ice is a gorgeous puppy- love his face
Seen in the Standard Poodle - CanicheRoyal Group Oh what a cutie pie! Wonderful capture of your adorable puppy. Sweet expression! Thanks.Such a teddy bear!So cute, reminds me of Snoopy for some reason.add to our &quot;touch of red&quot; contest
awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Please add your photo to:
Best In Show (Invite Only)
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Aw, what a cutie, he reminds me of our poodle :)Precious! 

Seen in Explore.you are stunningthis is brilliant, the light against your face is beautiful.
your photos are all so brilliant considering they're nearly 200 years old!intensely beautiful! i love the tone on your face, great b&amp;wsuch an intense black and white, i really love this &lt;3gorgeous, love the lighttt!love love loveStunning. Great Shot.very Beautiful work..wow! you continue to amaze mewow. amazing ashlee.
i love the blackstunning framing!Love it!
the eyes are the best part!This is truly incredible!beautiful.incredible.Inspiring!A stunning beauty!!!!So beautiful!really gorgeous .! :) 
So beautiful eyes :)Impresionante.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1032085@N21/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


ITA
Partecipa al contenuto della rivista fotografica Potpourrimensile,
clicca su questo invito e leggi come pubblicare le tue fotografie.
EN
Join the content of the photo magazine Potpourrimensile,
click on this invite and read how to publish your photos.

__________________________________Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Simply Beautiful !!!amazing..amazing!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i like the conceptStunning shot , perfect!!Beautiful!Very nice!

Ciao,
AndyHi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portraiture', and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.nice!wonderful.Great lighting!Fantastic capture!You are invited to post this amazing photograph to:


Best Flickr Photography(Post 2 award 3) 
Two photos a day,have a nice day!Very nice shot !amazing colors!  Great macro!  Love how you composed this!Gorgeous colour contrasts!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)gorgeous macro, lovely soft tones!Very nice shot  !!nice.Absolutely beautiful!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Beautiful capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beatiful..
cong. my friend.wonderful soft focus and amazing tones! very beautiful!Gorgeous colors !!!An awesome capture Duncan.. really beautiful and with such gorgeous colour too..Excellent work@

:))awesome
----------
can't check ur photostream due to the exam.sorry.Brilliant composition and capture... this is so cool!    Magnifica   beautiful tones are awesomeHi, I'm an admin for a group called MY WINNERS (Moderated Queue) Post 1 must comment 2/Sweeper activ, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

----------------

You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
invited with SICI (2009-11-15)Fascinating coloursMagnificaWonderful photo !
----------------

You are invited to display your image at 
ARTISTIC EXPRESSION.
invited with SICI (2008-07-16)Masterpiece.....love it. Do have a nice week ahead.another beauty!Resting on the corner.like rainbow colors...Great macro shot!Gorgeous picture, love the compositionsimply superbh
super compo too!!!Great capture !!very beautiful !A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...I like the bokeh and the wonderful colors.
 
** SWEEPER ACTIVE PLEASE COMMENT !!x **Love the colors!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is superb!Nice shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore....just for you; The wind beneath my wings. Bette Midler

www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KZ__vV2sFg

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE PoolBeautiful composition and tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!seen on Explore
wonderful!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.this one has a nice feel to it, lovely tones too =)Beautiful. I love the tones, and the emotion.This is so pretty, the tones are absolutely gorgeous and I love that your not looking at the camera.stunning (the tones, emotion, background, pose, everything)
beautifully doneI liked the last one, i take so many of those :) This one is beautiful. Love that you are looking down, and the focus. The post processing is beautiful. The tones fit the mood (or make the mood) of this pictureOh, I love this. It almost looks like a painting. Beautiful :)yes, it isthis is just perfectly wonderful.
i love the background.this is beautiful.wonderfullove the tones
&amp; focus :DI like this one. Somehow you don't really look like yourself. Still lovely as always though! The focus and cropping is perfect. I also like the processing &lt;3i like the silhouette that your black shirt creates. did you get a haircut?!?!I love the colors. your pictures are amazing. &lt;3[http://www.flickr.com/photos/thephotoenigma/]= Nope, my short layers are just forward in this picture so it looks shorter. ;) Keeping it long for a whilethis turned out amazing, love your pose too, the edit's greati love your pose &amp; the background. so beautifulwell i like it short too!!!! lolthese tones are stunning
I love the timing to this shot
it's just really greatAhh well i love this, what a surprise. You're beautiful, i hope you know that. Honestly. Just gorgeous, and i love the new post-processing technique! Keep it up, love :)i love this :)I love the wary you carry yourself and how it is natural. not any particular portrait posing, but an expression of movement.I love the new tones here. It's great to try new things and branch out artistically.You are so amazing. :D

This is so beautiful.
I absoultely love what you wrote, because it is so true.
Indifference is easy.
I'm indifferent althogether too much.
It's safe.

And I need to quit being safe.
Thank you.I REALLY love this!This is beautiful!I love the tones and your pose :)Great edit and pose!
And you always have the best music. I always directly listen it when you put it in the description. :)gorgeous!!I love the expressionNice shot!

Love the brown tonesthis is so nice :')this is beautiful!Gorgeous!&lt;3your hand positioning is wonderful
i love the tones as welli love the focus. 
ah, this is so great.soooooo beautiful, love the tones!The thing about caring/getting hurt is exactly what I'm starting to realize. I'm in the same situation.
I love the moods you create in your photosThank you. All.Love the warm tones throughout this beautiful image.this is absolutely beautiful. I love the tones and emotion so much. 


just beautiful.ohmygosh. the emotion you portray here is so clear
everything is beautifulThis is beautiful, I love the position of your hand and the post processing is really nice!Very Very BeautifulLovely photo. Looks great. The edit is good. The tones everything.-koooo7 kooo7 ana el1sst !!
yes yes ana el1st 
7bteeeen wallah 
weeew taboor yla hehehe

-elmhm
wffff very nice pic
Oo edit 7dh flllh
&lt;333 it pico 
y3teech el3afeh sis
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/5700510/4335450666/]


walla raw3aaa el.shoot &lt;3333 it
abd3ti sis | Llamaam inshalla ;) 

Fave .


سلا لا لا لا لا مي على الاديت
:)

وحلو الاستايل :P

عجيب هالشوز حق قفز الحواجز 
لووووول 

اتغمشر يبا  :P

FAV&lt;3جعلنـي افـدا صأأإحبتهــا ♥

صح لسانج
=)

حبيت البوكيه

عساج ع القوة M:O:O:O! jameeelllaaaaaماشاءالله عليج 
البوكيه رووعه
وصدقتي في الكلمات
=)
fav7lw ilttitlee w illcolorful bokeh&lt;3 ;Dloved el edit yaaa lbbaa .. fdeet alsmeeaa ;P
ya hott antti ;) .. Faaav l3yonch !is that you &lt;33333333
el words &lt;&quot;3 !!NICE PIC
&lt;3Awww..
Thats soo cute ='')
Allah y7f'9 il.model
sure faaave !* فـتنـــة الكــون ّ 
كلي فداج :$

*Sushi; 
7beebty anty :**


Queenooh ❥ 
ee it's me :P:$


thanks all ♥♥

woow
faveMiiiiiiss Yaa 7iatee ;**
n' Love Yaa of cours ;P ,, 

The Pic is Brilliant Loved Da Bokeh Part &lt;3 

thoooogαŁzα ♊ 
mnora ya jmela :P
love you more &lt;3Wow Great :)lovely shoot &lt;33
صباح الجوري
ربي يحفظ المودل
والادت عجيييييبSara;;لك وحشة في داخلي مالها حد ='''')
tjnn alshooot ♥♥ alah y7f'9 almodel :&quot;)&lt;333L.a.B..♥    
تعبت اقول لك مشتـــــاااااق :'')

thanks all :'Dروعه
&lt;33

تسلم الآيآآدي 
روعـﮧ
‹з
Maaaa y7taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiii a33bbbr 3n Fnnnnch ;)
;*****

MISS U MN &lt;3 !!fav| AnGeLita♥|    
ya lba your heart &lt;3
miss you more :'')

N i c e W.Rabi

نااااااااايس

الله يحفظ الموديــــل

lovely edit ;D

nice
keep going
comment me
www.flickr.com/photos/39300644@N02/4338387556/Great takeeenamazing shot 7bebti ;*good onejmeel Aledit (F) ;p ! Gr8 Shoot Hun ♥♥♥ raw3a 

aledit malh 7aal &lt;3niiiiiiiiiiiice 3la keefg feeh -,- 
3aabood says mafy y3ny mafyṡĥαị 3α∂ẙ ~ May deleted !    
and sara says there is love :Pمن جد غريبه !7abaaaait el shaaaaaaay &lt;33

Luuv it 3aL Maax ;O

Keep it upz (KK) !Amazing
Sure FAV ،Nice SisSuperb el pic ..
walla '3areeba ..!!!,

niIiIiIice  pic
fdeet hek jmeela
comment me plzZ 

 ♥~


abd3te fdetch

n
i
c
e
pic


keep it up


comment me la hnty

!~lovely bokehamaaaaaazing photo 
very very great 
keep it up until the top
comment plz
 rww3aa !wooow sexy ;P 
God bless the model .. 
Amaaaazing bokeh !
woooow amazinnng &lt;3Amaazing Mashallaa:Di love the bokehyaaay so lovely &lt;333
...&lt;3 IT

allah y7F'6chلازم اخر شي انا لازم يعني


faved;(  3Abood says : 3ndy shai 3ady my tru loove so 3ady i can live with that &lt; roooo7 moooooooooot . .=PniCe piC 


C.meFaaaaav :)Yaaaa Fnaaaaaanaa &lt;3

Raw3a
FAV


яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... keep it up ...... ~㋡ allaaaaaaaaaaah :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;) so perfect (L)_______(L)
amaaziing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ keep it uP (YY)Raw3aa &lt;33 ^.^FAVNice photo ;**

comment my new pic plz ;;
www.flickr.com/photos/31763501@N06/4339735065 / nice words w nice bokeh ,, loved all details there ,, 
well done ,, and keep goinFeatured image **;nice   ♥ Great Imagenice 1 :D

FAV

comment me plz! el words heek &lt;/3 ;(Explore~y3teech el3afya -_-&quot; ;P KAK !

;P Fav !~raw3a elpicnice pic
    
بدالك الف وتعرفني!!Tjnn&lt;3in exploreFabulous

=Dmashalla 
comment me b59ooooo9 ena el bab 3al ysaar el e5t wain sayrah looolsara :) miss u jd

nawar al'flickr b al'mOdel =)Mą Ұėhtaz © ™ A.B.7    
hhhhh :P
tra there is other door in the right side :P

l[ S.M.M ]l ♥ مستريح البال ;) 
ayyaa 3leaaach :'')
miss you more walllah !

nice pic 

Comment me plz
&lt;333:*

amazinG
FAAV.

رووووووووعهRaw3aa &lt;3 
suure Fav * 
nice style Fnaaana ya sheee6a inty ;p
rw3a rw3a yl56eeera
alediiit moooot

y3by akeeeed fave ;'$Sara ya bnt my uncle A :p
Missing u &lt;3, cute shot l2nch enty elmodel ;*7abiit &lt;33so n!!ceAmazing &lt;3333
Lovee you moreeee ;**
3jeeb al.bokeh ;)
yaa 56eer anth ;p
Sure &quot; FAV &quot;
ربي يحفظ الموديل من كل شر
البوكيه يجنن .. وتستاهل اكسبلور
سلمت الايآدي يارب   وآترقب المزيد

~|i love words &amp; photoناااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااايس و العنوان رووعة عجبني 

كومينت اذا مافي مانع*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» cOmMeNt mE تسلم الآيآآديواااااااااااو
مشالله ابدعتي
حبيتها
تستاهلين
FAV
www.flickr.com/photos/41144783@N05/4345533227/Great ;)tjneeeen el-pic wallah  ♥♥♥

&lt;33333333  it   ♥♥♥ Amazing ♥Wordz &lt;/3!niiiiceits so so cut 



&lt;3(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.*Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )
.•´ `•.¸
¸.•
Rfee3 althog ( `•.¸
`•.¸ )
¸.•´
×´¨) (¨`×
¸.•´¸.•´¨) (¨`•.¸`•.¸
(¸.•´ ( * ηiiiCe p!!C кêeρ iт uק * ) `•.¸)
¸.•´¸.•´¨) (¨`•.¸`•.¸
×´¨) (¨`×
¸.•´
Rfee3 althog ( `•.¸
`•.¸ )
(`'•.¸(` '• sO •'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.*Nicee*. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.Shot.¸)`'•.¸ )39aaa8l :p alla y7f'6ha &lt;3&lt;3it !7beet elklmat w a.piC ,.
it,s so sweety 
x)sexy shot ! elwoordz w al9ooraah  kloo bejnn ;p Nice Mashalla &lt;3 

niceWONDERFUL Shoot

WONDERFUL edit

WONDERFUL words

i love it all ;wooooooooooooooooow =Obeautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called knithacker, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called KNITTING ART, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thank you.
Sifis Sakalak

Congratulationsbeautiful!!!Awesome!!!Maravilhosa.Bjs.Chris.Great idea!that is awesome! Love it!!
and a great photo too! :)Beautiful work!Love this! Congratulations on Explore.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)soooooo BEAUTIFUL! love it !awwww lovely!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.Wonderful! Great great work!Love the vignetting on the edges. Great colors and composition!nice postcard effect; so sad and lonely in the off-season; looks like they'll have to dig it out of all the sand by the time it re-opens in the spring.so clean!
sand details in this pic is really beautiful!!!!I love the beautiful rich colours in this!Very nice great pov colour and treatment
here very well done kind regards.Beautiful composition!  I am so tired of winter... I want to go to the beach!!Great composition and PP!a wonderful place where to relax for....a month!!NiceVery good shot! Great composition and lighting!!...so beautiful!OUTTA sight photo!


 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.ohhhh .... such a wonderful picture ..... beautiful composition, light and tones ........ love it !!!!!lovely! love the sand foot steps! the composition is magnificent!Very cool find in the sand and all - love the colors, framing and the vignette - well shot Sr. Walker!!!Nothing finer than the snack shack in winter, standing guard over the empty beach.  Wondering who left those foot prints on the right?Beautiful composition and perspective. the colours and image are really greatNice shot, all peaceful till Spring I expectFantastic! I really like the detail of the human imprints in the sand:)

The tones look really good...!Excellent image saludosi like all the vertical lines in the photo...cool shot!I think the beach is beautiful regardless of the season. Great shot!Looks so pretty here.This is so beautiful! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore....how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY To Award an image - copy and paste the following code (between the lines) into their comment box:
===============================================================================

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)mindbloqing photo:(Another superb shot.toda esta serie es impresionante.....Really cool B&amp;W, arms and legs everywhere!!Wonderful shot!!!... outstanding....
no words
just feelings!Wonderful shot!terrificfantastic composition! very nice moment!!!Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe Henri Cartier Bresson influenced group, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !:))Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe  AT YOUR BEST  - Admin. Invite , 1 comment (sweeper active) - , et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

great compgood work as custom,  love it so closerComme une nichée de chatons ou de chiots... La fraternité dans toute sa douceur et sa chaleur... et puis le fouillis de pattes et de museaux!Rischio di ripetermi,ma ogni tuo scatto e' perfettogreat image!now this is what i call photography !
what a wonderful shot !Telling shot.what gorgeous light,thanks for adding it to &quot; In love with the light&quot; groupBeautiful tones!love these tones.  just beautiful.Wow, unbelievable light and such fantastic processing! 
Instant fave. :)i LOVE this. a lot.purdy!Great vintage capturebeautiful capture....--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)
The tones are beautiful!
Such a beautiful capture =)Wow, this is gorgeous.  Can I ask which particular Soulful action you used?such beautiful shineWow..This photo is the beautiful:)


SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST IN by The Admin considered. 

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Have a nice day and be happy:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNEcQS4tXgQ&amp;feature=rec-LGOUT... It was &quot;soothe&quot;... but I used one other of my own before running soothe on it. And thank you!

THank you all so much for your kind words. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called In Fine Style - Invite Only - Contest Posting, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wonderful!I love the light and the gorgeous tones!
I made it my admin choice this week in our group :)

Seen In:

Soulful Textures and ActionsI love the tones and the light...excellent shot!SO beautiful···Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful love the tones. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Are you dreaming my memory ?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

beautifulehy ... this is really funny! :-)) I like it!Sales.. Congrats over 250 000view, 500 000 is coming, cheers250,000 views in six months! - without cloning yourself or getting your kit off too - well done!

ps  I'd just  come over from that master of the visual gag sagasurfer's stream -
forgot where I was for a second, this is so good Lol john!! I dont think anyone would want to view that..thanks for the link to sagasurfers work a master!! :-)))everything comes to he who waits. 

Great image - serendipity, as the Americans love to say. 


250,000 in 6 months - wow! 


Well deserved though. 

Great photography. Pleasure each day to see your images.He set you up for the perfect compo! It's those throwaways that are the best shots sometimes. I think I'm just over 7 months on Flickr myself, it's been a lot of fun so far. Have a great day MIchael.Bravo!!my impatience would have won!  Good for you!This is so great, it caught my eye instantly!LOL ! Love the look Love the shot !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Koool   1  !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! i love the clean love and price shot, superb work :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MOST EXCELLENT in Black &amp; White, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery !!! 
--
Seen in the group&quot;Image Gallery !!!&quot; ( ?² )fun and good shot...:)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!&quot; (?)Love the look, love the price, the price of love :)  I like that little peek of knee in the corner, and he seems aware of it too.  Great capture and a nice use of the background sign! 
  
 -- 
 Seen on your photo stream. (?)I saw this in
  Walk-by Shootingsso cool!! well caught!!! very very well framed!!!
enjoy your sunday!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )haha it's like he heard you and sacrificed himself so you can make this shot ! :p excellent !! ^^
well i didnt know you were so new on Flickr, so congratulations !!! :)cheers Michael~!!!
happy six months and glad you are here!!!!!!...//;-)Ha nice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Inspiring Photograph, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

twas worth the wait

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)really a &quot;decisive moment&quot;--good work!photography and patience.. haha! good for you :)Have a nice week Michael !good capture!~ Love the take ~very nice, b/w was a good choice !This is a great bw indeed.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called creativoh  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice!Lol. Funny and well-composed shot !!Priceless.Great street shot.  Congrats on 250,000.  You've earned it.I think its pretty cool how you managed to capture him there.  Patience and a good eye pay off like this instance. 

Congrats on the views and am glad I ran across your stream look forward to the new images in your featured themes.Great work. I wouldn't call it throwaway at all. The patience of waiting for that right shot is something a lot of people don't have. I know the feeling, and I especially know the feeling of waiting around and that right person never showing up. Keep up the good work!Cheers on views Michael and good luck with the next 250k or 1 mln maybe soon!

this is interesting though you should pay special attention to find that girl. Patience is the virtue!;-) not that i have any in such situations;-)

look forward to your bw weekApplaud your patience - it was well rewarded. Another lesson learned (hopefully). And congratulations on the view count. Not surprised. In my (humble!) opinion your street photos stand out from anything else in that category.I think this is a very relevant shot for your six month anniversary. Love the look of your images. Love the price of admission! Cheers!Thanks for posting this to the group!
Seen and admired in.....
The Inspiring Photograph

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Inspiring Photograph&quot; (?)HOly cow, 250k views !! Damn, you have more views than me in 2 years hahaha.
Your work is getting better and better, this one is an example.  Sometimes you gotta wait, be patience to get the right shot.  Fantastic take!Priceless. As you can see above a 2 b this is a winner, well done. Processing in B&amp;W is spot on. Well done.Congratulations on your 6 month mark : ) I can't believe that you have just been doing this for 6 months! I view you as a pro! 

I like the composition of this shot, and the man's disagreement with the message : ) And I look forward to a week of your black and whites!A very start of the week, very nice shot and details!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthYou captured a very &quot;cool&quot; subject mate.great picture look! love it!!! !great find, superb composition!Great.Great compo ! =)Super compo!!!Perfect compo.  What a great catch.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice !This is really good! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Love this. Very natural. Good jobso funny ...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!oh the irony of it!!Fabulous catch! He's even looking in the perfect direction. Bravo.love the simplicityExcellent ! Superb bokeh.greeeen! I like! :)Nice and fabulous image.nicely captured iskandarExcellent!Very beautiful!Bener2 cantik, water dropletnya manis tu.overwhelming softness.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful shot!!!amazing take my friend!  Great one!another great shot dudebeautiful greens.Magnificent!!!! Another excellent one following on fromm yesterday!lovely greenGreen :)  wow..cool one....Wonderful vibrant green.eh .. sblom netes ditadahi emberdulu .... lumayan bwat mandi kaum semut .....A very aesthetically pleasing shot!!there is a proverb here in portugal that says &quot;green is the color of hope&quot;...

this is full of hope... and fantastic green...a dream !!!!!!!refreshing capture ; )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  AT YOUR BEST  - Admin. Invite , 1 comment (sweeper active) - , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

always excellent workHi, I'm an admin for a group called Artistic Expressions - Invited Images Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot; ARTSHOW &quot; - invited images only - P1/C2 - , and we'd love to have this added to the group!i wish i could as artistic as you :D great shot!Beautiful colors.awesome work my friend..
p/s senang2 dtg la ke kelantan...Lovely tones..and Great shot Bro...what artistic drought? this is wonderful, love hw you kept those nice colours to one tone... beautiful...smooth bokeh!this is beautiful!those dew drops on a bokeh'ed background are awesome... really cool image you have here and can't wait for your kick-ass uploads... :)
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?²ˣ)fantastic , how much delicacy!!!Very nice capture!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)nice work!if your artistic drought is so beautiful then i cannot wait to see your artistic avalanche.

thanks for your kind words Iskandar...Jazak Allah Qair dear brother.I normally don't shot nature this way...so close....but like the green tone here....killer greeni absolutely love all that green!Lovely tears...Beautiful side of a sadness.kemas..Lovely shotwow!!! ur photo always in the explore.....great!spectacular green... Love it!!!wow..great shot, love the tone...cantik!!!dreamy!Amazing effect! Beautiful result!the focus and the tones are so beautiful.!!
i love the dreamy effect :)

actually tgh lunch break now.lawa lah bro..
bokeh xigt 2..
adeh..fresh momentGreat greens and droplets!Lovely shot..! Have a nice Monday, my friend..!green is nice..waterdroplets tu cukup cantik..
thanks for the support my friend...simple dan menarik..well done Is..the range of green tones are marvellous, as are the water droplets!Nice !refreshing droplet shot!lovely greens iskandarWonderful macro, Lovely work!!!!wonderful and soft, this image catch my eyes!love it Is! ;)What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)dude! this is truly awesome! lovely depth of field! you did a great work! LOVE IT, 
by the way , you've such an awesome stream! BRAVOThank you for visit my flickr.
This is dream shot...Amazing..!Niceexcellent...[http://www.flickr.com/photos/sophomoremoira/] Hi if you are keen, I could invite you to Photography Society on 26th Feb (Friday) at 7pm.

You can bring 12 photos (in thumb drive). The critiques are usually APPS (Associateship)  or FPPS (Fellowship) members. Not many in the world :-)

The critiques are usually :

Mr. Goh Kim Hui, Hon FPSS, Hon EFIAP, Hon FKCC, AFIAP, ARPS
Mr. Lim Chu Teik  ARPS, APSS

Just come with an open mind :-)
Mr. Daren Tong      APPS
Mr. Hui                    APPSdefinitely a great shot! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Brilliant shot!Another beauty Noor!Nice colours and droplets my friend;)
Good job

Thanks for passing by the other dayreally a wonderful bokeh!The point of view is stunning, I love the vivid colors here and the bokeh is to die for! :)
&lt;3Really beautiful photoGreat shot...nice colour &amp; bokeh.  Thanks for the visit.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Lots of abstracty goodness going on in this one. I like it a lot!

Thanks for stopping by
...-Wink's Place-...Lovely shot Iskander !!!!!!! ;)Very nice toning and dreamy bokeh as already said. (:Beautiful tones!You never cease to amaze me with your macro shots bro! The color and bokeh is just awesome! :Dcool abstractnesssuperb colour tones and DOF
very well doneHi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful detail, color, and depth. I love this!!Amazing focus, love the color and bokeh. Great shot.cantik Is...well done..salam - tankbeautiful green! great bokeh!Wonderful. At first I think this was made with a Nikon. But it´s an extraordinary EOS 450 shot! Perfect!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Sweep the streets I used to own.Nice idea capture :D
Seen at Worldworxthis is wonderful. congrats - its fabulous.Aww!!! I love this, what a super shot!love this shot! great textureLove this! So creative! :)This is a really fun creative shot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very creative--you're so talented.  
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Great idea, love the texture!aaah awesome !GREAT IDEA!!! You're baaaaack! :) cute shot!great shot, great idea...lovin' this one!Cute, cute, cute! Fantastic vintage tones that just compliment the theme so well.Def. a GREAT idea, Emma!!  LOVE it!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)What a great idea ! well doneAn awesome idea....love this!you ROCK emma!! i LOVE it!Love the composition! Wonderful!Super cute - great composition and love the fun idea!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!thats a wonderful idea!!!!fun shot!very niceI saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~lovely! and very funGreat shot - looks like you had fun!!!awesome, good idea!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~cool n groovy - love the composition and the processingLove your photostream!  &quot;Faved&quot; this one.  :)Just wanted to say Congrats on Explore, Emma!! Yay!thanks for a the kind comments everyone!! its much appreciated!!love this emma!! such a creative idea!!
congratulations on exploree!Excellent...great texture!

I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~omg i love it! gorgeous!Beautiful shot!
I love the texture.cool!
love it (:
i have a bunch of these lined up on my windowsill.. been trying to come up w/ something to do with themOMG!! i'm in love with this one!!! and the texture is great !!! :DOne of my favorites! it is so cool! great editing!Your mom must be so cool to let you drink all that soda! :)Love this, so cute!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!omg, this is the best, i love it.  so creative!Your idea was a great idea!you are really good Emma :)I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~

fdeeetha ='''|
allah y7f'9hatjnn mashalllah=*..God bless her&lt;3
Favedfdeeeeeet'ha:|mashalla 3leeeeha gmrr walla 
ya rby fdeeeetha ana 
aaaay 3ala al-jmeeeeeela maaaassssshaaaaalaaMashaaalla &lt;33Mashallla fdaitha allah y7f'9ha lekm يسملموووو جميعاً على الكومينت ^_~
LOVE NjoolMshalah 3laihaaaaa ♥♥♥FAV'fav *الله يحفظها 
صورة رائعةmashallah FAVيسملموووو جميعاً على الكومينت 

and
Welcome Back றαdemòiseℓℓe Mashallah! So cute &lt;333 god Bless her(k)!mashallahya lbaaaah ;*;**´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` n!ce p!c 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` 

Mashaaalla &lt;3
Mashaaalla &lt;33
Mashaaalla &lt;333

fav 

comment plz
Mashallah *

    |~      

     سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ  This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!&lt;33i'm glad you uploaded this
the darkness is so perfect
it reminds me of something but i can't quite put my finger on itperfect!!I love this a lot. All of the negative space and the hair across her face is perfect. I love her expression as well.oh god this is way to perfect and amazing and dark but so beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called the moon goes round the bend, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

thank you so much for uploading this
it's absolutely enthralling, enrapturing
her stare is shattering and fearful, and yet there is a certain power in her eyes that contradicts that vulnerability
the way her hair is played makes this even more moody, as if she were a dark water mermaid rather than a teenage girl
the contrast of the black and white tones are utterly impeccable
this seems like a scene from a film I'd like to see
something moving and dark and incredible
you truly are brilliant mike
I admire your imagination and your artworkThis is amazing.you amaze me every time MikeThis is beyond amazing.This is beautiful. Great bw and expression. Like, wow.this is so strong and full of emotion.so cool, so creepythis is sad and beautiful at the same time.Oh! That looks wild.It's creepy !
I love it, i wish i had a picture like that (:i like thisamazing!for 5 minutes i have been staring at this picture. and it moves something in me, it really does. it is so captivating, horrifying and yet so heartbreakingly beautiful. 
thank you mike.this is wonderful! i love the mood!intense!!!
so beautiful!!!she looks sadly demonic and absolutely wonderfulmoving. love this.lovely as always!! :) her eyes are beautiful!This honestly is amazing, beautifull, fantastic, gogeous and it has so much feeling...i love it.oh my god, this is stunning..! textures nicevery dramatic.Black n white,a great choice..wow, I love this a lot, mike
it's like lace
like a veilwow, stunning face..nicethe emotion and rawness is so good. this is amazing. so good..so chilling, I love the ominousness and dark tonesthis is so beautiful! I can't stop staring at this photo! perfection! :)This is a very intense shot.
Her emotion can be easy to decipher but at the same time the viewer is left curious, wondering what causes  the pain. Creepy but mouthwatering :)strong feelings in this oneI like it .. :) 
too dark ..its really great :)great!:-))dark and gorgeous - and quite frightning with the expression

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)oh my gosh, the expression and emotion on her face is just astounding.Fantástica.
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Really worth a look! This is a real study in composure, colors, lines and use of shapes. The lighting is fabolous too! The content - the history - is remarkable - this really brings some emotions up to the surface. This is a one of a kind photograph! 

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/Instant Fav..... Without a 2nd thought......thats one great shotThis really looks like a modern take on the drowning maiden (Ophelia?) and it's so powerful. Gorgeous.A stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...eerie excellency. love it.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningWow, so dark but yet so beautiful. Her eyes are creepy, yet stunning!Great portrait, just the way I like it.So much darkness and beauty, lovely.Wow. fantastic and forever.ok so i don't even know what to say but all i know is that you are fucking brilliant manwonderful, so intense.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice shot
j'adore l'expressionVery impressive!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 5 Star Portraits, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i love this.This is incredibly powerful. The way her hair is swept across her face, the emotion. Wow, truly amazing work.beautifulthis is incredible, you deserve all this credit and more, FP here you come! This is unbelievably amazingAmazing!very emotionalHi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [The Spot], and we'd love to have this added to the group!¡Que bonita Karina!so lovely with the composition and the color :)espectacular!!! parece de un pasaje de alguna peli francesa :)Very creative this composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Add Whatever You Want&quot;

We will be very happy to see your fantastic photo in our group!!
Add Whatever You WantClever portrait, love your composition and the treatment as alwaysah, so lovely :) 
amazing idea! love the way you edited this photo !!!!LOL...so funny!!! Love it!fun!Adoro tus fotos con globos!!=)
Q hermosaaaa!!!! 
♥es genial! me encanta la composición con los globos!! muy buena!!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)que chulada, y romaaantica!so sweetBeautiful processing.too cute!! great pp! :)gorgeous! love balloons!definitivamente tú si sabes q hacer con los globos ;)pensada y ejecutada al milimetro, muy muy buena compo. me gusta muchisimoQue linda!!! Me encanta!!Qué bonita Karina. Me encanta. Creas unas escenas geniales. Yo quiero vivir donde tú para tener esos espacios!!!!Esto es una ternura total! prestarse para tener agarrados esos globos y dejarse hacer foto!!??? que bello!!! el mio no alcanza ese nivel! ;)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Thanks! Gracias!
Eva, esta foto es en el patio de mi casa que es super pequeño,lindo pero chiquitito, en invierno no se puede salir porque da al sur(el lado frio9 y esta casi todo el tiempo mojado,BSAs es muy humeda.

Fran,me dice que te recuerde que el tambien fue a buscar el tubo de helio e inflo los globos,ja ja! Es un gran asistente/modelo.Ojala mi media naranja, seria tan buen ayudante, modelo como el tuyo ... La foto de vicio !!!!Love it!! Beautiful processing and tones and I love how he's hiding behind the balloons!vintage touch up and cool tones! lovely shot!Kari excelente !!! es bellisima esta foto !!!! y tu marido un encanto !!!que divino tu marido!!! el mio me mata si le pido que haga algo igual!! preciosa foto :)Yo quiero un modelo así, ¡suertuda! 
Muy tierna la imagen.wonderfully fun!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)lovee the composition!! soo aMazing!Preciosa!!!Mmmmm... te han quedado muchas sombras en el rostro... mmmmm... jajaja!!
Qué original!!! Un aplauso para los maridos sufridores/colaboradores, jajaja!!wonderfully creative and love those tones!stupenda

Seen on FluidrYour photos are very beautiful :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called L'amour pour le vintage, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Kari, preciosa.. que esposo mas consentidor!!!!!!
Dile que tiene de mi parte un 10/10..!! asi es mi esposíto conmigo.. me sirve de asistente de iluminación, enfoque de referencia, modelo.. que son lo máximo no lo podemos negar.
Me gusta mucho el patio de tu casa, ese rinconcito es perfecto!!
Muy creativa y original, como siempre!!
Feliz semana!!!
&lt;3Love this!!!!! Love those balloons!!! Awesome comp!!!!Que hermosos colores los de esos globos!! Tan bello tu amor como no le importa posar!! Me fascina, Kari! Y una vez más ahí está la pileta de Lazarov!! =Pso fun!!  The balloons are placed perfectly in front of his face...such an interesting image!  Love the tones too.amazing work here, totally gorgeous!:-)) Qué tierna... y qué buena idea... y qué paciencia tienen estos hombres con nosotras :-)) Ah!! Y adoro esos tonos tan suavecitos!
Buena semana, Kari!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )very nice shotA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Genial! Y es tan tuyo que no lo quieres ni enseñar!!!!! :)))
Me encanta esta foto con esa nota :)Yo opino como Javi, le quedaron muchas sombras en la cara jajajajajajaja, la proxima lo queremos sin sombras y en close up! :PThis is so cute! Love all those balloons!!Qué maridito que tenés que se preste a esto!! Pero la foto es genial, aun con sombras en la cara!!! :-)me recuerda a up , muy tierna la foto genial procesado.

Esto es porque te pedi ver una foto de tu maridito?
Cuanta trampa, Dios mio, que horror!
Asi que por fin se el secreto de tus globos en el campo: te llevas el Helio!!! No? Porque yo decir: que campo argentino tan sofisticado jajajaja!!!
Dime Karina, eso es una pileta o un estanque?
Tu sabes que en España y Venezuela no decimos pileta, verdad?Mi marido tambien es 100% mi asistente :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Jackie, ja ja,te parece trampa?
Es pileta, piscina no estanque, aunque siempre quise un estanque.beautiful reflection!cuteeee reflection!Wow!!! Amazing reflection!!!nice!!!nicecool shot, nice tones and reflection! :)Brilliant..So cute. Wonderful reflection here.Hey Arielle.
I've been quite lazy and since I added you, although you do these amazing stuff I was too lazy to let you know that you're pulling off great stuff everyday :)
So here I am, probably resolved to let you know that I love your shots everytime I come across them.
This one is, like the others a very well composed execution of your idea. You're making very innovative pictures with Danbo,
Keep them coming :)Just brilliant, love it!!!!You have a great imagination this is quality.so cute !!Wondeful reflection :) I love the droplets on the facenice thinkinggreat!!reflection!!! &lt;3soo cute!
ahahahGreat Composition and sharp reflectionA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
 
** SWEEPER ACTIVE PLEASE COMMENT !!x **Cute!Great concept!amazingBeautiful reflection! Great idea.It almost gives the impression Danbo is crying in the reflection. Great capture.Wonderful shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.ExcellentAwesome shot, think composition and the puddle reflection are greatSuperb concept, well executed.love itIncredible!f u n n y    h e nthat hen means business :)I tried to take a photo of some ducks but they gave chase and I didn't get the shot I wanted. This hen is scary but I respect that you stuck with it. I think I'm going back to see those ducks.Thanks for all the comments and all the faves!

They're our chickens so that's why I could get up close and personal, although they annoyingly don't stay still very long. Don't they know I'm trying to take their photo?!

Jason - go get those ducks, let them know who's bossBeautiful! The colors are so vibrant! The chicken's expression is great!Cheers Kris, I like the way the feathers on her chest came out in particular.i love that you can always turn to your chickens for some awesome photos! i'm kind of jealous actually....that and the eggs. ;o)That is one georgous photo of a normal chicken,brillant color as well- i love lomo.mgreat chickens. I hope to have some of my own soon.i know that look, about 3 seconds after you got this, she lunged at your lens. Great shot!great colours and focus. ah, chicken.Well this has turned into my most popular photo... If only Ginger (or is it Mint, they look exactly the same) knew.

Thanks mztania, Eleysanne, LottaK, Jason L.Parks, pukeko flat, michaelfromnewjersey, tkremenek, wendyyalas, Cat Faery Shari, Elad V., Ave Maria Photography, Autumn B. Coleman, Angry Mr-T, jjan9, kleine_moewe for the faves!

PK Did I tell you that I don't eat eggs? Unless they're in cake and biscuits of course.

Ave Maria Photography I did boost the colour slightly in photogene but only to make the colour match real life. Hipstamatic can wash things out sometimes

restless.kahuku my husband always wanted chickens and I was a bit more reluctant. Having said that we've had them nearly a year and I think they're fab.  They're so funny. Go for it if you can!

Fidgetblogs They're all a bit tame really, unless they hear the corn coming. Thanks for the compliment but your photo is way cooler than mine ;)

kleine_moewe thanks. I'm still trying to work out what the iphone's minimum focal length is so I was pleased this came out sharp. I want a 3gs but I might hang on and see what comes out this summer.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Nice shot! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Thank you Soleil is me for the comment and the fave

Thanks for the fave Ol!ve O!l

And thanks LOlandeseVolante for telling me it made Explore! First one :)Congratulations on Explore!!! Great colour and attitude, funny too :)ottima scelta del soggetto : ))

Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)No puede ser más increíble! 10¡Genial, Ignacio! ¡Qué sitio más chulo! ¿Y no te has quedado ahí para siempre?Has encontrado Monkey Island!!!Jurassic Park!!!Dios... es increible....trèèèèèèèès très beau
me pregunto tambien como haces para marcharte despues?De ensueño!!!!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Beautiful shot, lovely colours and great composition.wow!!! congrats on EXPLORE!!!! deserved!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Lo mejor de / Best of y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.


--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (?)Gorgeous shot!!! Incredible light!!!pero como consigues estas ediciones tan increibles!??

genialwow, awesome!buenisima ignacio!No puedo mas como lo haces mandame como en matrix un curso pra aprender hacer esto yaaaaa!!!!!! felicidades genio de la fotografia.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado HQ-SELECTION y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Lovely LightPreciosa!I like the landscape in this great shot.Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Oh dios mio, es increible esto!awesome raysAmaaaazing shot!!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Addiction y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.uooo extraordinaria, k envidia me das!! yo tambien quiero ver esos paisajes!! xDQue lugar tan hermoso,gracias por compartir esta imagen.very, very nice :)Great shot!
Love this one!asombroso, te felicito esta es mi mas favorita.beautiful.. great shotGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthThis is so beautiful! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.magnifique!!!beautiful colors! great lightingPerfect shot!nice photo!!Excellent shot.wow que increible
excelente foto la tonalidad me encantoThis is a beautiful image!!
Please add your photo to 

'Your Preferred Picture'

Awesome MM shot!Clever MM.

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Beautiful... definitely an eye-catcher.
Well Done!


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Perfect light. Cool MM my friendI knew this was a cheese grater..but one utterly transformed into something of beauty...nice macro monday! cool lighting, neat grater.Wonderful shot - I actually made some shots of my cheese-grater - but they came out terribly boring!

This doesn't :-))Great MM! Love the light : )Lovely light here.Nice variation on the ordinary, Vincent. The vibrant, background color is brilliant!I never would have guessed cheese grater! Excellent, love the two holes with the different colored light. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)NiceGreat light.  Sharp MM.AwesomeGreat light, very creative!
human wings &lt;3 :)
i love the main photo a lot!thank yousdfjkbwjergjwervetjv4t
&lt;3
xDi love these. :Dlooks like you got a little ways to go to start flying.love this valllthanks you guyssss!!Well taken photograph. I enjoyed it. Look forward to your visits and comments on my stream. I will be happy to be a mutual Contact. 

Imran


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )wow the soft lighting is great and so is the pose, so simple yet elegant...love the shadow on the wall as wellAmazing. That word pretty much sums you up. Haha.your photos are amazing !love. this is totally gorgeous!hahah dreewww! you little flirt.
thanks you guysoh my i love the third!beautiful seriesWhat an amazing figure you have :-p

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)i always love the shadows of the bones. :]perfect curves ! i l like all !are these sooc?
either way, they're awesome shots :Dthanks guys,
and besides being darkened, their all soocThe last one.  Congrats on Explore!i love your pose in the main one, these are incredible.Val... you´re really an angel! :) Beautiful photo!thanks you guysslove this
andd the grain yessgreat capture, love the contorted shapesbellaHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ohh my gosh. these are beautiful!very nice.. very cleanAmazing.thanks guysOh my god, Val. This pose is so great. And all of the little details, like your necklace and hair and hands, are so perfect. You are a genius.Ενδιαφέρον θέμα..
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Magnifica foto
Un saludovery vivid !!!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Greek Photographers -Ελληνες Φωτογράφοι&quot; (?)nice colors, sharp contrast!very beautiful colors!A great capture of a much loved subject... This house is an all time favorite with me!
;-)Θεμα και χρωματα φανταστικα !!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Great composition and wonderful colours!πανεμορφη..Indeed they do, I often wonder when I see deserted homes how must have been those days when people lived there,
Its really marvelous exposure Alexandre, great  composition!
I love the Church in the background, have a great Sunday !Απίθανα χρώματα, είναι αυτή η ώρα της ημέρας που &quot;ζωντανεύει&quot; τα πάντα...Excellent so Beautiful   wooow that sky  amzing !splendid again !!
Greetings for you Alexandros !

and from your sweetheart !Τέλεια χρώματα, ζωηρά και φωτεινά! Ωραίο και το θέμα!wonderful lighting and gorgeous sky!Lovely capture!That looks very beautiful!Great popping colours Alexandros.Θαυμάσια χρώματα.Συμφωνώ απόλυτα με τον τίτλο.Brilliant composition and capture... this is so cool!good shot!!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Great perspective &amp; colour!Beautiful colors!!great shot!How very beautiful!!  Congrats on Explore!!!I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Dusty Road Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous!Beautiful shot
i love itΌνειρο!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )fantastica!!!
Congratx...Muy buena! La composición de lujome gusta mas la otra, pero también es muy buenaMagnifica. Me gusta mucho el contraste entre las estrellas del cielo y las luces de la tierra.Muy buena esa compo! ¡Tremenda!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.wonderful capture, thanks for sharing.

very very nice work..Impresionante foto, una compo espectacular.. Un saludo desde cantabria tienes una galaleria estupendaStunning. The startrails are fantastic, and you chose a perfect foreground.Fantastic worksuggestive capture!!!! well done.Oh how I long for this moment. beautiful photo! Once again... send some ideas my way. 
Congratulations on Explore!
--
Seen on AnsazI like this great night shot.Wow perfect!Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Great night shot, love the star tailsBeautifulAwesome capture !Subject is beautiful and the stars add so much to it. Great work!Simply beautifulVaya nocturna, impresionante. Veo que eres un maestro con esta técnica.

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Photos of Merit y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.wowwwwwww!!!
nice nice nice!!

This Photo is..............

Seen in flickr EXPLORE AWARDS --CONGRATS! Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Very good capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)preciosa nocturna!!!so cute! i love the texture and the tones!
great shot!this is so cute! and I love how you processed-- the tones are great!awwww...so sweet! hbm!! :) i love the reds!!Wow. . Really Neat!! Love THe Heart Bokah!Fantastic Shot!
My Most Loved Photos 
This is my FAVORITE! I love the &quot;hood&quot; hanging on the end of the board, and those sweet little toes :)Love it
lovely bokeh
HBM!!!this pic is cuteness itself!

HBM!Love it! 
HBM!LOVE this!  The hear bokeh is fantastic!So adorable! The bokeh is a nice touch:)So cute ... lovely !!!adorable, hbmSo cute, love the idea and the processing.
HBM!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

what a little feet :) so cute!So Cute! Wonderful shot!... HBM!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )adorable! HBM!very very nice.. so sweety!wonderful and iron(ic)

--
http://lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/onexplorenow/?lang=en (?)This is soooo cute!  HBM to you!Cute!HBM!Nice !This is excellent - my fave for the day :) !So darned cute! Instant fave for sure! Love all the fab reds! :D HBM!!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )So cute!  Adorable!
I love the hearts all around!This is soooo beautiful, so creative. I absolutely love it!!!! I like so much heart bokeh. It makes such a beautiful glittery light. Awww!Thanks everyone! I made explore again! I am thrilled, yes, yes, hbm!Haha A wonderful capture Toniaadorable - hbm  xSo adorable! HBM!!!=)those little feetsies are just way too cute!  love the processing!  HBM!OMGOSH! This is so adorable...this will definitely be on Explore!!!! Love the colors, tones, everything....Perfect. xoxoN!c!!
Well takeen&lt;33
FAveD ^.*

Comment me plz ;**Hbm!!!! 
Cute cute cute!adorable!So cute, love all the reds!this is SO adorable. :oSuper cute! Love teh heart bokeh! HBM!So cute!wonderfulCute cute cute! I love all the little details in this. 
Congrats on explore!OMG! The cuestes ever!!! I love the red and heart bokeh... perfect for vday!! I love this and great comp!oh ja.. sehr krass!Holy shit!!! V Good.....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), and we'd love to have this added to the group!comme il a ramassé !! lol

Super shot. The intense colours match the facial intensity.@$%!  WOW!!! - love the intensity!Che foto accattivante.....one of your best yet !!! every bit of this is supa good !!! exellent expression too !! your models rule !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!wicked! this is top-notch hardcore stuff. gruesome and cool.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow!MagnificaYour photos fucking terrify me. I love that :)wow!!!!!! great editing!! saludos!SICK..!!!!
awesome work..!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Dirty and nasty (in a GOOD way) creation. Great job!!Very Strong!Wow... strong &amp; bloody..great!Great!Extraordinary work! Brilliantly done.intensly gritty work! hard, dirty but strangely attractive....very cool!this is badass,makes me think hes a conCreepy....Love it!great fucking work, what else can i saythe guys shaves with an axe :pVery raw and beyond expressive. Awesome stuff, lady. Love the processing.this is completely fantastic!Excellent Danielle.. this guy looks mental !!

You have done some amazing work on the teeth and eyes !! 

Impressive :)Wow! Brilliant photo, love the blood!!one word:  WOW :)most visceral photo of the day WOW!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)There's some crazy emotion in this one!!! Awesome processing great powerful dramatic imageuhm can I have my pizza first? please? god this is such a haunting shot I can feel the adrenaline dudette.once again...awesome treatment...i love how u do the eyes!!all the niceness meant the real stuff was just backing up and getting darker :)Great work  !!Nice work cool as fook :)Awesome. The best you have done.:O como haces esooooooooo!!!!! mis respeto sabes
buenisimo tu trabajoooterrific coolsuper processing amazing colours!!!!!!we want more! you are great!loving the texture and PP, the background seals the deal here, epic as everT'est un fou furieu ton taf aussi j'adore!!!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.What a cool, beautiful portrait!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This one is awesome, seen in ExploreGreat shot!This is perfect.fantastic!! so uniquelove it.  Good job at getting the focus right through the wires.this is ridiculous, awesome shot.nice mateAwesome!!Damn Gage, fuckin' killing it!awesome man..Thanks a ton you guysthis is so interesting and differentThis is gold.This a fantastic shot!amazing gageBrilliant.Totally awesome and different! Dig it manAbsolutely amazing shot.yeah this is pretty sick to be honest! awesome composition.beautiful, this is one of my favorites that you've ever done. i agree with Sam, greaaaaaat composition!Interesting perspective. I like it.I've come back to this shot 3 or 4 times.  Love it every time.  Great job seeing this shot.Love the perspective and depth of field.wow. this is very unique :)good shitso sick.Thank you all. I'm glad you're enjoying this one as much as I am.Definitely think this is one of your best shots. :)awesome shot!great idea
love it
Good job 
I like the focus and that you shoot through the wires:D I love them.

This is awesome. :)Fantastic band shot!! Really love the perspective.those oof lines are amazing.Incredible shot:)

Seen in explore:)i'd love to see the before and after of this shot.


sick skills gage :)nice shot!You're incredible. Your photography still never ceases to amaze me. &lt;33this is a nice pictureThat's pretty neat!Very interesting treatment - I dig it!Quite different...this is pretty cool!Wow, what a platonic idea of a tree: Terrific! Enjoy the sunday!The large view of this is really spectacular!The slight white shadow under the tree is cool!very nice white and black.Oooh! Neat!
Happy Sunday :)Such an interesting take on a tree!it appears like the negative image shows more detail - really good!nothing negative about this ;oloving all of the detail in the branches.Just checked out the large view - wow!very creative, love it!i LOVE this loren!! great work!Nicely done LorenWoooOoooW
very nice :)Suberb image.  All that black really makes it stand out!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art and Photography (invited only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful indeed !What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Nice shot and well done !Wow ! ! ! very nice :D
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group beautiful :)This is so beautiful. Absolutely amazing work.wow!That is so cool. Quite brilliant.

Ave it.............. .................‹(•¿•)›
..........Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]This is fabulous. The simplicity of this photo makes it very appealing.
Great shot.Very cool image!funny! 
bravo.Well done! Something I want to try now.WOW!!! just WOW!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Pictures That Make you Say &quot;Wow&quot;, Post 1 / Comment 1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Nice shot, love the imagery...... well done.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice effect-
 

e7m e7m ! Nwaaaf W99999l 
Ya Lbeeeeeeh Nwaaf alFirst @@@:!
Thnxx Mnmanty 3ala ALFIRST !
[k][k][k]~Doom hl abdaa3 [!]
Ya sLaaaam ALL STAR Roooo7y 
tslm leeee hl 2naml alth`hbia 
(L)_(L) ! FAAAAV L3yoooonch =X'D

Mnmana ; أنـآ أشــهد إنڪ ڪبرت بـ&quot; عـين مـغليڪ
Mnmana ; أنــآ أحــبڪ ويـشـهد عـلي الله 

,Thnxx alot ya 8lbi 

Baack Ljl Mnmana ;O 
Raw33a 3slll 3la albii !
YA LBA AL-Model Bs .! 
Roooo7 oo al8lb da3eee lk

-

ya lbeeeh ana ., 
a7biiiich ya bnt al.nass ., amoot feeg walla ., 

Amazing al.photo like you baby ., 
AKEEED F A VPRamazinng ya 7byEledit &lt;3
 
great shot ~

-

cOмMεnt мε plz ~

A7biiiiiiiiiiii,Ch [k][k][k][k] . .
Miss Youh Wayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed =``````(&lt;333333 Raw3aaaaa
Loveichhh &lt;3

will done3geeeeb7

&lt;3Beautiful !!N!Ce  &lt;3thanx all ♥


♥   ι[ᾐᾠᾰғ]ι yalbeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh thanxxx (L)_(L)
♥    şΰpєя.cяαzч ♥ A   ;Fdetcccch  thanx (K) 
♥     иσoғà ♥ yalba 8alb nofty
♥    ع ـذآآري ♥ سموٍنې مڇنوٍنڪ Me 2 7yatii :&quot;( miss you
مساء الجوري
ربي يحفظ المودل
وحلو الادتfdeet il.model ana♥♥♥
rw3a 
tslm ydch ya 7lwa :*
favedthanx bothgreat capturethanxnice 
keep it up
amazing .. lovely edit

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   thanx BOTHyalba 8alb a 1ST &lt;333 :O
خياليييييه !
الادييييت في غايه الروعه 
قواج الله.thanx BROnice sweetyhanx fdetch

great pic 

amazing

keep going 

love it &lt;333

comment plzZ&lt;3LY

N!I!I!ICEethanx منورين

el Edit Rw3a ;)
tjnn el pic (L)

thanxxx7eeeelwaa alphoto ;*thanx bnt3moFantastic *Amazing 

&lt;33



LOVE iT- RW3a` ,!

&lt;3333333so nice
keep going
comment me
^_^
www.flickr.com/photos/39300644@N02/4338387556/Rw3aa 7Biii =p
alla y7f9'ch =$

comment me =(NicE ~Thanx all
&lt;3
 loove it soo muche

=D
Perfect..
حياكم ^^
&lt;3 the EDIT
tslmen MnmanatiFAvfav 
=)Mashalla , i loved el edit :D &lt;33 Nice ;DNiiiiiiiice

&lt;333
Nice Pic

Comment Meso amazing
loved the edit 
keep it up &lt;3  Gorgeous !well done baby.thanxxxxxx &lt;333حيـااكم :$ Niiiice 
Keep Going
Comment Me plzzz + Notethanxn!ce p!c .. ¬ &quot; 
raw3a raw3a .. ¬ &quot;
abdaw3 X abda3 .. ¬ &quot;
..
..
keep it up .. ¬ &quot; 
comment me .. ¬ &quot;Well done 
Keep it goin sweety 
Good job 

Comment me = 



Great piiic #thanx allHi, I'm an admin for a group called ◄◄ Rewind: Retro and Vintage Love, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice chucks!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.thanxHi, I'm an admin for a group called All Star lovers of the world, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!superb :D 
見事な王冠！凄く綺麗な色！！D40恐るべし！

そしてこの構図・・・上手いな～～♪
今度、真似しようっと^^;スゴイきれいです～ :)
ほんと王冠みたいです。Great shot!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful shot, love the colour!めっちゃｽｷです♪この感じSuperb shot! I like it!
Do you use a tripod?What flower is this? Looks cool. hahao yes i really like this one, love the colour and the way the focus is perfectly worked out- how the flower drifts in and out, really beautifully done, instant fav!

seen on 7 day interestingness thingy :)A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Wow...really beautiful!this is lovely thanks 4 sharingWonderful macro with great details.Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]wow what a bizarre flower! lovely shot! congrats on the explore!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--Shenanigans in Japan ]WoW!!! excellent shot!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.nice one, great shot!Wonderful!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46821352@N07/4340749357/]wonderful.really nice shot... great dof and colorsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Floral Fantasia (1: 2)  Happy First Anniversary!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic!This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.wow...nice macro..:) love the color..:)Never seen this kind of flower before, amazing colours and unique petals !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Beautiful photo!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)とっても美しいお写真。
ミニモイになった気分☆（＾∇＾*）Thank you so much,everyone!!
みなさまありがとうございます(*ﾟーﾟ)I admired your beautiful image in Floral Fantasia
Thank you for sharing it with us

Lovely!Wonderful profile with great pp work!quel portrait !
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)great stuff. love the colours.indeed, impressive treatment!
what is he thinking...?
good work!j'aime ton traitement vintage, superbe portrait :-)vraiment bien ce portrait avec le joli flou derriere!Superbe portrait Joris !

Alors il va pas mal ce p'tit 35mm hein ? ;-))wonderful portrait and great capture !!!stunning portrait, love the tones!Superb empathy and feeling in this portrait, love it.Magnifique portrait et superbe traitement .a truly wonderful capture.
there is more than just colors and shades there, v strong.Great!!!!lovely blue tones, amazing capture!Like it !Great profile....very interesting face....very well capturedWonderful portrait. congratulations.Colour works really well here and I like the sharpness!!Wonderful thoughtful portrait!Love the dof!! super street portrait! :-))Terrible ce portrait, et le traitement est superbe !Great piece art, impressedGreat facial details.
He looks like at the middle of meditation.
Nice portrait.very poetic image. great focus.great tones and clarityWonderful portrait image !nice message with a nice portrait! well done`excellent portrait!!!! looks moody!!!!very nice, learnedinteresting details... is he a muslim?you always get your DOF so perfectHi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

!!!!!!!!    FAV !!!   JOE&gt;awesome...Super profile shot!  And that smooth gray background is almost surreal.  Awesome work!  As always :)  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)magnigicent work..
I love the portrait and treatment!Lovely profile portrait.

Seen on Fluidrj'aime beaucoup ton titre et ne parlons pas de ce portrait !!
parfait traitement pour ce super candid. favvFabulous in all aspects !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Inspiring Photograph, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

magical portraiture

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excellent !wow great.very beautiful portrait !Great capture of this pensive gentleman! The colors and shapes in the bokeh -- and how they play from his scarf -- are amazingly beautiful! One of your best!!!Beautiful composition and colour - love your work!amazing profile shot!great profile!Lovely captureBeautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called koppen, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great portrait! So expressive!one of your best, if i might addfantastic capturegreat portrait...:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great portrait!This is a great street portrait.  I love the expression you captured on his face.One of your best here, fantastic colors and focus!beautiful compositionawesome portrait on the street !!! the light is verry great on him !!!精采細膩Nice portrait and beautiful colors!!Bravo, c'est superbe !!!I can't help but step into his shoes here! The empathy in this shot is stark! Very beautiful!Extraordinaria. Enhorabuena. 
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)spectacular depth of field! thanks for sharing large.Beautiful!very strong portrait! great!Intense portrait. Wonderfully done.Great portrait! The bokeh is amazing. I like the blueish tones alsoawesome tonesgood shot! (:Very nice capture !Excellent portrait. Congrats on explore !Fantastic.Congratulations on explore....well done.   page 18Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]indeed one of your best. Actually, one of the best I've seen from anyone, period!Lindíssima!!!Awesome portrait!The details are good!awesome dof :)thats true emotion....gr8 capture there....hats offEssential.  What a beautifully captured moment!Great Portrait.
I love the colors and the emotion.Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe MOST EXCELLENT  , et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

Merci.Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe artland, et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !hi there cute happy people! :-)

I hear what you're saying about work and the day-to-day getting in the way of making photographs. I've been struggling with that lately. hang in there, persist, persevere. you can. I want to see some photos from that c33 posted by next week.what an amazing place! and a great shot! mustache or not. ;)Wow!  What a cool location!lets get that C33 to work!that is so sad. I feel bad when I have not been on a walk to take photos for a few days. working through your lunch is sad too. You have some fun, with or without photos!Wow. Looks like one could actually live there.Yes, indeed: prioritize what we love! I've finally learned that lesson and am going for it full steam ahead. Can't wait to see what new wonders you create. Miss your insightful images and comments!hi there you!
a) this is gorgeous
b) hang in there. i know that struggle too well, but it pays off a hundred fold when you make some time for it. (c33!!).
xoI love this wooden house! Very interesting!Yay!  We miss you too!So lovely ... and that prioritizing thing ... I know what you mean.  Been having some problems with that too lately.sounds great! and this photo is great too :)excellent life :) congratsOh, this is so great!  Nice to see you two :)

We miss you, too.  And your photos like these... this is lovely.
Life is like that... always getting in the way and stuff ;)
Ansel said it best, really... &quot;Hang in there, persist, persevere. you can.&quot;.miss you too! i love this shot!This sounds like a great plan! Can't wait to see what you come up with!miss you too Jas :-) Love this, and your flickr posts are always wonderful giftsah jas. this just looks magical.  good to see those beautiful smiley married faces.Oh I just love this tree house and that you guys were able to stay there!  And giving our current weather situation; this is really nice on the eyes and mentally!

I'm really looking forward to seeing what magic you make with that maniya!awwww so cute!
It's been far too long since you've posted anything Jas, and quite frankly, I've missed your stream very much!  It's great news to hear that you got such a lovely new camera, and I really can't wait to see what you'll take with it.  

About this shot in specific, I think you guys look great together.  One thing I love about it is the way you're posing, with your toes pointing together.  It's such a schoolgirl-ish pose, and considering that this kind of honeymoon is one that any schoolgirl would go giddy over, it fits perfectly :)So beautiful!!!  &lt;3really awesome perspective.gosh I've missed your postings... your back with such an adorable yet so cool photo..super framing and the angle is so perfect..lovely jas!!!!!!!!Wow Tree house honeymoon That is so sick! I want to live in a tree house but just to visit one would rock so hard.  This photo is quite nifty too.  Married life is so nice.looking forward to those mamiya pictures :-) miss you too..! 
this is a fabulous capture Jas!!
keep 'em comin'..Amen to that Jasmine! I need to get out there and take pictures.Sweet photo.  We miss you too. :(  I'm happy you're doing well!  Hope to hear from you soon, but take your time to thoroughly enjoy the beginning stages of married life. xoxo CarlinaGreat point of view.awesome!Thanks so very, y'all.
It feels nice to be missed. And even nicer to bask in what you are all up to photographically.miss you too, of course. your energy's some really good energy, miss jasfitz :o) 
again, this treehouse retreat looks so ridiculously appealing!yay mamiya c33! miss your photos :) hope alls well.Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!fantastic perspective and tones!
congratx...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful !LOVE everything i see here!those are beautifuloh how lovely. I saw some at Safeway today....almost bought them to put in my kitchen. perfect light and compositon. love the lavender and green.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/rainriver/] Thanks, Rebecca!  I'm surprised you found some too.  This color is a new one for me...YOU did it. Hooray! I noticed that some people know how to make the other person's icon even smaller than this. I don't know how to reduce the size.Awesome shot Renae.. they are beautiful... :-)Nice colors!  Any chance you might consider a tighter crop to remove the light background from lower left?Ohhh YOu know I LOVE Calla's  I have a million in my Calla treasure chest I have hiding...I have seen calla's in all colors..This is especially gentle &amp; lovely &amp; perfect shot with them all in a bunch with the leaf dividing them!...

I know you won't comment my &quot;dead&quot; flower today..or half dead one. LOL..when I loaded it I though of you for some odd reason...I have dead leaves again also..warning you!! This amazing shot is
awarded as Outstanding

 Nature is lovely  Brilliant flower shot.
*This is a real Eye~Jewel!*
**The *Eye~Jewels* group**spectacular image...amazing details!This is *wonderful*!these are so photogenic!    beautiful image....

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)
*This is a real Eye~Jewel!*
**The *Eye~Jewels* group**beautiful!I am attempting to get to all my contacts (I try to keep them under 160).  I will leave the same message because you all amaze me at your subject matter and expertise in photography.  I can never get to all of you even on a weekly basis, and I apologize for that.  Just know that when I leave this comment, I appreciate and respect your talent always.Excellent composition--and the lilies are gorgeous.  I haven't seen this color either--and probably would have bought them too, if I'd seen them. This amazing shot is 
awarded as Outstanding 
 
 Nature is lovely  I went to your latest shot when it popped up but then this one drew me here.  I LOVE calla lilies.  Never had much success growing them though.  I've never seen this colour either.  Beautiful!!Neither have I!
Very beautiful  :)This is fabulously beautiful, Renae.  Beautifully composted and clear.  I've seen purple callas before, but not in this lovely lavender color.  WOW!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Publish My Flowers By 1st Love Flowers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!elegant!Wonderful,wonderful Renae!So beautiful, they make me long for spring.  I've seen Cala's close to that color but not that delicate lavender.   Such a pretty contrast with the green leaves and stems.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful tonesBeautiful!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Incredible view!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Ansel Adams-Inspired&quot; (?)beautifulFantastic shot!  I was playing in the Hills for a bit this morning, too...Chris, I'm thinking I really need to move to Bishop.  What a wonderful playground!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Landscape Beauty !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

wow....you really got some amazing shots; just love the atmosphere in this one; a definite fave!!!!Fantastic composition!Nicely composed captureBeauty!   Nice layers give great depth to the image.  Love the justaposition of warm and cool tones.Ah, love that eastern Sierra light!Ahh, the Alabama hills...one of my favorite places to shoot..
Nicely done....Nice depth you've captured in this image.Absolutely lovely - I can see that I need to spend some time in the Alabama Hills during the winter months!  :)Gail, you should.  In fact I'll let you know if I make a trip there soon.  :)-------------------------------------------
You are invited to post this image to &quot;Spectacular Landscape, invitation only&quot; 
www.flickr.com/groups/spectacular_landscapes/
-------------------------------------------Excellent! Fantastic color scheme and awesome snowy backdrop. The clouds and the rock formations all just work here. Looks like it was an awesome day to be in the Alabama hills!Stunning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stunning shot! wonderful light and clarity, great work

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fabulous colours..... the tonal range is breathtaking.  Well done!a beautiful shot with the rocks, mountains and sky.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)great contrast and fantastic photo...Nice composition

3:1 LandscapeAmazing landscape!I like the landscape in this great shot.
~~~congrats on Explore~~~Wow!  Just got home from work and saw that this one made Explore.  Thanks for all your kind comments, fave's, and continued support.  I really appreciate the encouragement.Awesome shot!Just a gorgeous shot of the Alabama Hills. I would love to see it bigger!Great shot of a GREAT place. Thanks.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent Capture!Incredible beauty, captured wellNiceNicely done!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Excellent DoF, nice tones, nice lighting.  Great shot.:)looks great from top to bottom! great job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I Love Swans  (Post 1 Award 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

lovely reflections and light great capture.

---------------- seen on my flickr home page.(?) -------------Love the tones you've used, very beautiful!darren and pearceval ~ many thanks! Have a lovely day!Excellent shot LoriThank you Steve! I was so happy Lily moved into that sun space! (i had to shoo some mallards out of the frame, poor little guys.)Oh Lori, this is so extremely beautiful!!! Love it!!! Great in sepia!!This is really pretty.  I like it!

Seen in the fowlest group on Flickr!
Winged Water Wonders (Post 1 - Comment 1)
www.flickr.com/groups/wingedwaterwonders/lovely loribeautiful sepia shot Lori, the sun behind his neck is a nice touch.Mirthe, E Martin, Duncan and Tim (ah, the sun was the whole premise. It wouldn't have been an eyecatcher w/o it) ~ thank you for your lovely comments! Have a beautiful day.your very welcome :-) thanks for shareing !Your impressive image
deserves our TMI award


Thanks for sharing with usLovely.... I can look at this for a long time!Just wonderful!The sepia is nice.  Brings out the detail in the neck feathers.A really beautiful shot! The rippling reflection is perfect!

Your impressive image
deserves our TMI award


Thanks for sharing with usVery nice composition!

Seen in the fowlest group on Flickr!
Winged Water Wonders (Post 1 - Comment 1)
www.flickr.com/groups/wingedwaterwonders/Lovely :)
Your impressive image
deserves our TMI award


Thanks for sharing with usVery nice shot, Lori!Outstanding image!lenshood, iofdi, Priscilla, swmnbirder, david, Bob, azraviolet, Viktoria and Fandrade ~ thank you so much!Gorgeous capture and reflection Lori, love those sepia tones :-)Thank you Fiona! Was just just thinking about you!Beautiful LoriThank you laura!This is like a beautiful fairy tale! ......mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?  It's lovely Lori.Perfect reflection!! Beautiful light! Gorgeous swan!Great capture!awesomeamazing  capture,   WOW!!!What a very cool shot!OMG A MILLION Faves for meVery interesting photo. thanks for sharingGorgeous tone and light !!!!!beautiful image

ATM PHOTOGRAPHY:Awesome Shot ! 
Congratulations !!

Your Photo was seen in A.T.M. Photography 
From A.T.M Photography Award Group super shot Lori,nice reflectionLove the reflections and the water - gorgeous shot Lori! regardsLovely Lori, like the serpia (?) tone......wow this excelent capture was seen in;


shadow and light photo pool group.(?)Stunning!YoursTruly (it is like a fairytale! Just like a mirror), iloverealestate, foto2friend, ChristianNL, tattoo friek, MorrislSO (how good of you to say! I was thinking it was very cool, but it's great to get feedback), kelly (i wish you could see my smile! What a great compliment!), Durai Raj (i aim to be interesting), woodlice, jaro-es, Daz, Pete, kathleen (sepia, you were close!), darren and Imply PI ~ thank you so much for your lovely comments! I got a lot of bobbled reflections, and am happy with this one!your very welcome you deserve it :-)  congrats !!!You're too good to me, darren!What an image! It's soooo special! Your photo is in the Explore calendar at #79! Congratulations!Thank you so much SheilaMink!stunning all in gold like thisHi, I'm an admin for a group called Let´s create our own animal-farm, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Your impressive image
deserves our TMI award


As a moderator from TMI I thank you for sharing!!!

FEBRUARY CONTEST &quot;Light in the middle of darkness&quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/impressionists/discuss/721576233270...

Seasonal showcase &quot;Valentine Wishes&quot;
www.flickr.com/groups/impressionists/discuss/721576232025...

Game: Picture connection 
www.flickr.com/groups/impressionists/discuss/721576231883...* Excellent *Louise, kreativmodus.de (thanks for the invite!), Grietje (thanks for the links!) and helena ~ thank you so much! It was a lovely moment.That's a brilliant photo Lori....well done! ~Xcllent wOrk~
~cOngrats~Seen in XplOr~Murtsdrm and rabidash* ~ you are so sweet, thank you!fantastic...very beautiful...great shotAnne STA ~ thanks so much!I love this, the sunlight reflection is so beautiful. Great composition.so beautiful- lovely drops- and the coloring here is awesome- wow
congrats on Exploresimply lovely


Please add your image to the Sepia Scenes Flickr group.these swan photos are so beautiful!  gorgeous animals anyway, but this capture is just so sweet :)  I'm in awe!10 out of 10 + 10 out of 10 = Excellent Lovely capture and PPMolly, Louise, morgen (thanks for the invite!), Gerbera. (they are so elegant) and Dave (you are too cute!) ~ thanks so much!!!Beautiful image Lori.  Love the sepia tones and reflection.MY DREAM WALL HANGER.......

I SAW THIS IN:
 

Shadow &amp; Light Stunning and meditative. It appears as if the swan is in contemplation with its reflection and within the expanding circles of water. Exceptional with the tones...just adds to the magic and is a perfect move. Also, the magic of the light in the reflection. A very special photographed moment and creation!!!One of the most beautiful images i have seen, Lori!  BRAVO!!awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--

 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) 
Please tag your photos ImpressedBeauty 
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Richard, Kelly (oh, that would be great!), sunsinger (such a beautiful comment. So appreciated!), tony (wow! That's an enormous compliment) and MyRidgeBacks (thanks for the invite!) ~ many thanks for your marvelous comments! The Sepia in Picasa is horrible, which is why i rarely use it, but i stumbled upon &quot;Warmify&quot;, which was perfect.Absolutely stunnning :)Aww, thank you mcrusty! When i first posted it i was thinking not many people would find it as sweet as i do. And i was so wrong, lol!Unusual colouration but works really well, great shot!Nice shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.corr .. love the tone tooAtalanta#5 (unusual spelling of Atlanta, lol), Lolandese and dickie ben ~ thank so much! I appreciate your stopping bu!enchanting
 
Seen in White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.yes.
so free.lovely tones, 
yet another gorgeous picture. 
(:Everything you upload is so amazing.I cannot possibly believe sooc, you are so incredibleOr dear goodness! This is so liberating!! Where did you take these?!?!this is amazingwow!love the ribbon!So free, so beautiful.
What a perfect sooc :)yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

that's all i gotta say
yesyesyesoh woowww i love thisamazing as alwaysoh wowww i love thisso fun! i love ityou are such an excellent photographer...i see you doing BIG things in the futurei really dig your style.love the light 
such a great conceptmy god these photos.godThis is awesome!this is great, brings me to another place almost.oh man. i love this so much!Great compositioN!Awesome...
Seen in:

FLICKR ELITEwooow
so amazing!great photo !lovely tones
beautiful light :-)Excellent!!lovelyneat-o. i love the orange.Bonita Captura!!!Haha nice nice.nice !!!!!!!!!!!!!beautiful shot, love the feeling of freedom it conveys.Brilliant shot ;)ahhh... this is so.... yes. free. i love being free.beautiful movement and tones, it feels so freebeautiful shot :)oh wow. love iti left you a testimonial. :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nob - Stile al Maschile, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

pure inspiration.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called People &amp; Nature TOGETHER (add 1, rate or comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!oh my sweet lord the colors in this ekhatkghakj AHHH DANG LEXI奔跑~Great capture!!so pretty :]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called a man alone is always in pleasant company, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunningperfectso beautiful.this is simply amazing.great !Yes!! very nice.Yes! I like the swoop of lights, and not being able to tell exactly what I'm looking at. It has a warm look :)Interesante.LOVE this!I love this! and yes, it's bokeh!definitely bokeh, and what a lovely orange colour it is too!yep, bokeh it is:-) and it's lovely!Absolutely! Well done :)love it love it love it !Oh yes bokeh!Oh romantic! 
R xxbokeh party! :)

lovely.this is a lovely piece of abstract workLike a string of orange pearls!  I like how they cut across the frame...Yay! My first bokeh! Thanks all!Gorgeous! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.beautiful, really!lovelyIch liebe solche Konstruktionen.this is just amazingoh that's very cool.. awesome light here, great macro mondayGreat image. Great Focus. Great Effect.great submission for this weeks theme, intriguing machinery.Wow, this is superb. Nice tones too.

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Cool gears. Neat back / side lighting. Neat effect.Such a great subject, and you captured it perfectly.Awesome shot, Happy MM!Wonderful light and detail.great shot, here! &quot;Gear love!!!&quot; lmao :D .....anybody?anybody?Great MM! Love the bokeh too! :)What a wonderful piece of equipment and image.  Love this.I might be mistaken, but this looks like a piece by an artist named Arthur Ganson, called &quot;Machine with Concrete&quot;.  Here's a link.  Great shot. Yes, it seems to be the same machine.Schön gesehen!

Ciao,
AndyHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Repitition, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Love it,great bokeh!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Good Focus.
Nice colors.great shot...Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Beauty color blending photos, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.wow, this is...e x c e l l e n t .

great photograph. And congratulations on explore :)Then you need to get a place soon..you need to do more self portraits me thinks.Well, apparently.  You're too far to share!
Do they have any strawberry ones?  Don't like cherry that much.
I like the simplicity of this pic.  And I think that on landscape orientation makes it much better.  And the hint of an eye, great idea.
Now I want some chocolate.Cool It comes with a case! I like the tones here.I love the softness of this, and your hair looks great today.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)It does look delicious. I really like this photo.  I'm with Quave, give me chocolate.I dunno what you don't like about this...it's wonderful!! :)
lovely hair and soft texture :)nicefun shot!What's wrong with this picture? What was it you were hoping to accomplish? I think it's cute. :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)This is a fun one!!! And what a useful thing for that to come with a case. I hope Danbo is sharing with you too. ;) 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I gotta find a pop with a case. That is handy!!  

Cute picture. I love your hair.you are so cute!!  Last time I had a lollipop was when I went to FAO Schwartz in NYC :)  YUMM!!  Did you get a haircut?Looks like someone got her Valentines Day gift early!weird i did this tooThat's a cute lollipop, did it survive the shoot? Candy props have a mysterious way of disappearing. ;)LOL
I swear I took like 89% of my sp's in my car.Lovely shot! That lollipop looks yummy! I've never seen a lollipop case! (picture?) :)Very cute!lovely tones.Nice work on the colours! Very retro but pleasant on the eye at the same time.  Cool focus too :)Lollipop case?!

--
Seen in the group&quot;365 Community&quot; (?)ya seriously?? A lollipop case?Geez, you guys get so fixated on such random things.

Yes, a lollipop case:

Fascinating, eh? Doesn't it get sticky and gooey and yucky and stuff?i dont think its a lollipop case ... i think its the packaging one throws away when ..a normal person COMMITS to sitting down and eating a whole lollipop.... I must say Ari.... Im ...well......  just eat the damn lollipop 
:DThis is a great selfie I love how you processed it ::))Nice shot Ari!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?) Well, I SAY it's a lollipop case because it works like one.  Plus, after I opened the case, there was plastic around the lollipop itself... so why would the lollipop need TWO packagings?  

Besides, I've been working on that lollipop for HOURS. You can see the little progress I've made.  My mouth hurts. :p  The case is necessary.its ok I eat carrots like that... I nibble around the whole thing and leave the juicy middle part.... its my reward for good carrot nibbling.P.S 

Packagings is my new favourite word... I want to use it all the time :)Hihi, so funny. When will we see you in a full self portrait? Great shot, it makes me very ... curious(illusion)Too adorable!  I like the soft colors of your sweater and the wall with the lolly. They all work together to make this shot so pretty! 

Oh, and your hair looks fab too!  I like the crooked part.Hi, this is a lovely shot and a great concept.  One idea, would be really interesting to see this wide open and really blur the background.  Maybe with a 50 1.8, just a thought on another variation.  Hope all is well, your 2010 edition is looking great so far... keep it up.  Thx bgEvery time I see lollipops I think about you... especially the shot you took with the broken one... no one does them better than you!excellent onesuckers make great shots!I bet you finish yours before Danbo does...

And about the SP's - there has to be a way...LOL what a great photo.  Having the eye just peeking over the candy is perfect.Great photo Ari! Don't forget to schedule your dentist appointment. :-{)&gt;This is pretty cool, Ari.  Although I am bummed about the stated dearth of selfies.  No fair!the focus is pretty good and it's nice to see you in you shots time to time ;)You know what's odd? Since I moved in with my parents, they have this room with AMAZING lighting where I do my SP's, so for that reason, I'll probably live here the rest of my life.

Sort of the opposite to your problem. 

Anyhizzle, I think you work really well with what you've got, sister!trumped!! &quot;Anyhizzle&quot; is my new favorite word ;)Why give up?  I think you've done a wonderful job creating compelling images with what you have.  You can use any light source, just make sure you compensate for it (white-balancing, and all that).  Hell...I even used my laptop screen with a white background one time.i love it. and i love that your lollipop has a case.from composition point of view,
the lollipop is a bit too central...   :)Your hair looks brown here.  Cute! coachtom08  Chocolate, yes, but I'll bet   Quave  wants it hot and in liquid form.

 D. Travis North Yes, yes, listen to him.  Don't jump into anything too soon.

 leaky_tiki Oh, that just took the fun out of everything!Cute shot! 

Good to know the lollipop tastes good. I bought one of these a couple of weeks ago.thanks I don't mind if I do....( I am perfectly aware that this is YOU lollipop but I am trying to pretend you were offering it to me and see if I get away with it... :-P)awesome!!!a-maz-ing!  Thanks yous.  :-)Those are so fun, Seth! I love how it ends. :)truly awesome series.so fun.  love the ninjas.Love this set.Way cool, Seth!super awesome shots!!génial!Love this. +1 for Cel on the thrust kick.Awesome series.ninja loveNice idea and well executed!awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nice!!!!!!!!!!!Brilliant.This is great work and love your idea.
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Nice one.. You should turn this into a series!beautiful captures....Ha, so awesome! Thanks Seth!I love happy endings. So glad she decided against kicking his a$$.cool!Your series ar just fantastic. Congratulations for these very original and dynamic photos!oh my!Awesome.Jump for joy! Nice.love love loveche meraviglia!love love LOVE this!wow
love the tones here :)wow, this is stunningaah thankyou guys, you make me feel special. :)This is just beautiful! Great use of the rule of thirds. The tiles in the background as well as the shadows make this work. It's a terrific shot!Wow. !thankyou everyone so so so much. :)awesome, this is brilliantFantastic Shot!aaahhh, i'm feeling rediculously special right now, :)
thankyou thankyou. :)niceee : )amazing....

Seen in Exploreawesome ...great shot!I like the tones very much, good job!Awesome! love this.Ok, what can I say... It`s just perfect !thankyou everyone so so so so so so much.
i'm actually so happy! ahhh. :)increible...Congrats on Explore ~ I can undestand why this made it in.  Gorgeous photo ~ beautifully composed.Wow - great timing. Well deserved 'explore'.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!my worddddd! 
it probably seems silly to most of you, but i'm actually so so happy and proud of myself and amazed at how unbeleivably nice you guys have been with the comments.
goshhh i feel special. :D
thankyou thankyou. :)nice, very nice!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr Top Ten - Invited Members Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!the detail on the hair is so nice! congratulations on the explore :)fantastic focus!You deserve your explore, it's a great pic!What a striking image! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ***Guardami negli  occhi**- P1/C5 - SWEEPER RUNNING - VOTE NOW!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Questa foto stupenda l'ho vista in:
 
***Guardami negli occhi** -- Post 1 / Comm 5wonderful focusQuesta foto stupenda l'ho vista in:
 
***Guardami negli occhi** -- Post 1 / Comm 5awesome :)that is truly stunning..!!amazing! looove the colours and idea..Thank you, today i needed to see gorgeus shots!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Awardthis is fantastic!!! wow!Congats.... This shot is sensual and simply beautiful. Great Job....Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!a5555 ...!
79a amooooot feeech ana
a7bich ana

دآمــي خـذيـتــك وش بـقـى مــآخذيــــه
لا قــالو اســـمك كــني ميت وحــــيت
جـــيــتك وكـــل انســــان غيرك نسيـــته

had alot of fun this day !!
kfaya i see you at this day
bigg kiss you you my wife 
(k) (k) (k):$muzmuzzzz here&lt;3 
و كل اللي شفتهم في ذي اليوم :$:* &lt;3333


Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove you ~ ;**(L)&lt;333333:| ana a5er elNAS ! ana in the LAAAAAAAAST 
afa bs afaaaaaaaaa T.T mahgeet'ha mnch 
walla walla T.T tawni agool ana y7b enty :&quot;D
about the pic :D i LOVE the Red one :D ma7b el BB :D
abddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddn (Y)
w elmodel :p tyann :D  for ever enshallaN!C 3'laty--umwah !nice pic ^^

keep it ^^


Comment Me Plz ;)Reeedoo asfaaaa 7yati :&quot;
1st mni (L)3ajeba :*Nice 79a
love u:**
Lba abdaa3ch 
Love u brokeno &lt;33&lt;3 it

raw3aaaaaaaa

comment me 
Sissssssss ;$$(L)(L)

Ya Lbaa Ebda3hmmm :|:|&lt;33
Mbd3aa As Alwaayyss glbiiiiii:*:****
A7laa Daaaaaaaay =''|
ayhh 3laiikkmm (K) ... 

B3d Glbiiiiiiiiiiiii Sisss&lt;3333
A7bbbbbbbbbch Ktheern :|:|&lt;3333sweet *; Yaaaaaaaaalaaaaaaaaaba 8lllllllllllb 7aaaa9aaaaa
walyy sakaaaaaaaan fee 8aalb 7a9aaaaaaaa

al9ooooooooooora malha 7aaaaaaaaal
makanyy tara fooooooog bas madryy lash 9aart t7aaat
almhaaam

79oooooooo =O=O shee 6l3t a5ty b3aad !!
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

lavccccccccch 7aaaaaaaaaa9aaaaaaaaaaa قلبي سكن عندهم و احتوي وصلهم وما قدر اعبر كلام (8)(L) 
madre shd5l :P .. 7yaaaaaty brokena&lt;333 mout iLmout amot fech =| !nice shot sisbb a55 (L) !
love\miss broken kthern !MyBrooookeenooo &lt;3333
A3shgggch a55555 ;****
Love you for ever 
وحشتني سوالفيييك ووحشة شووفتك اكثر ;***Roo3a 
fav l3yonkum cute models&lt;3a7b my brokennaa wayed :)♥thaanks allll :&quot;******
amoutt fekmSissss :| aayaaaaah bs :$
lbaaaa klccch &lt;3333 .. mn thogch 7yati ;$
akeed a7laa day cuz chffffftch (L)
a7bbbbbbbch zoooood :&quot;|Muzzzzzmuz 
aaaaayah 3laaaaaich :pp
hhhh ee matdren :$ bs umna madri wain ga6tnaa:)
amoutttttt fech&lt;3rincess &lt;3
7yatii 2ntii :* .. a3shgggggch:omomo :**** 
w7shteni akthr :(.. amout fech(L)Fajooorz :*
7yaaaaatii 2nti .. adoreee u sweetheart&lt;333!!arwaa &lt;33amouttttt fe mybooomy aktttthr(L)meeercii all ;$Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaawa3aa♥♥♥♥143♥adore you♥..SoulMate:&quot;
a7b y!:*allaah 3jeebaah , i liked el colors &lt;3
love u 7ayaatii (L)meme&lt;3
mn thoggch 7bi ..loveyou zood :*

7beeet color marooy fdeet'ha &lt;3
abd3ty w rby &lt;3
amoooooooot 3liiich (L)

- 

The color in the middel is my best , 
any way i liked your shoot (Y) ..

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرLovely ♥♥ for ever 7yati :*
ly ♥♥♥♥♥♥7yatii myreemh:**
w7shteni :' .. lysm&lt;333333 luv u Great Job Broken ;*`
n!ce ,, fave (L)
You are my winner &amp; your photo has been added to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/merciiNi!cE ^_* Pi!C

KeEp IT Fo0o0o0o0oo0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0oG

DoOm Al-EbDa3

DoNt FoRGeT ThE CoMmEnT + NoTeNiCeexploredLAST :)&lt;&lt;first in here33333!!! Great (Y)This is so beautiful! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Thankkkks :Dcoooooooooooooooooooool 


comment me plzz


www.flickr.com/photos/45748254@N04/4345380339/?addedcomme...
My al.muhanndi  Her ♥__♥ 

Fdaet alle M5lletnni Al 2nd A7bhhhhhm 
Mn Haret Wala W Miss you Wayyyyed =(&quot; 
Aby Achooofch 
A7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyd 
AmuaaaaaaaaaaaaazZ Lovely &lt;3 love youfavA7biiiich My Mum ;$&lt;333 Supermanily :*niiCe&gt;33 Love  U ! &lt;33 UFdeat U Nice-lOvelly &lt;3(L)__________(L)n!!!!ce P!c

3laglbi S.M

doom f al3lale

alah y3tesh al 3afya glbei

love u &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; coment mea7bch:|7btaiit :D
FAV  Miss Youuh ;(yaa lba 8lb my hotnish♥_♥
love al pic wayd bs mb kthrch ;P 
love you ;)  ,, Sure fav &lt;3nice!!♥explored ;D &lt;33&lt;33 U ;*Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]Cool!Lovely &lt;33&lt;3333333333333debo &lt;33 superman&lt;3 u &lt;33 Super man╔═════════════════╗ 
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
║ ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє Ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ŋϊсє ║
╚═════════════════╝ 


__________@@@@@@@___________@@@@_
__________@@@@@@@@_________@@@@@@
________@@@________@@_____@@______@@
________@@___________@@__@@________@@
________@@____________@@@__________@@
__________@@______________________@@
____@@@@@@______@@@@@______________@@@
__@@@@@@@@@____@@@@@@@@__________@@@
__@@___________@@@@@@@@@@______________@@
_@@____________@@@@@@@@@@@______________@@
_@@_____________@@@@@@@@@@______________@@
_@@@_____________@@@@@@@@______________@@@
__@@@@_____________@@@@@_____________@@@@
____@@@@@@_______________________@@@@@@
_________@@_____________________@@
________@@__________@@@@________@@@
________@@@_______@@___@@_______@@@
_________@@@_____@@______@@_____@@@
__________@@@@@@@_________@@@@@
___________@@@@@___________@@@@
___________________@
____________________@
_____________________@
______________________@
______________________@____@@@
______________@@@@__@__@_____@
_____________@_______@@@___@@
________________@@@____@__@@
_______________________@
______________________@
____________________@
____________________@
___________________@@@___________



_____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥_________♥♥♥♥♥♥
____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥______♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥_♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥n!!ii!!ii!!ii!!ii!!ii!!c p!!ii!!c♥♥♥♥
____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kЄЄP it up . .♥♥♥♥
______♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
___________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_____________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
______________♥♥♥♥♥♥
_______________♥♥♥♥
_______________♥♥♥
______________♥♥
_____________♥
___________♥
________♥♥
______♥♥♥
_____♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥
___♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
____♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
______♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
_________♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
________♥♥♥♥♥♥
________♥♥♥♥
_________♥♥
__________♥-

N!ce P!c'

Keep !t Up'

..

Comment Me New piC ''

3ashan comment you agin ..superman!سووووبر مآن ‘ 
وه بسسسْ  ، روعه آلصوره Love youh ♥ 
umwaaa7 ♥&lt;33 itقـــــمه الآبدآع ...قمـــه الروعه 
*
&lt;333 loveit the pic ~
*
keep it foO0Og ~

^_^ 

كومنت &amp; نووت مي بليز;)favnice pic

comment me plllzCute&lt;33How I Roll... like a short person :)Te he he he. He.well done.Do you carry that carton around with you for vertical challenges?  ;)  Great shot Rudy/Terry.funnyI always had terry pictured as being taller... I don't know whyLove the colour of that crate. 
Brilliant shot.Nice.this is too funny.this is adorable!Hah!!I've seen him sit on telephone books too...So he can see over the dash in his car?aw... he has a booster : )

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Terry and Tom Cruise. They both need a milk crate.heated seats are worthless with a booster seatha. ha. ha. bitches.Hey, watch it with the short people comments Terry!  

Love this Rudy!That crate must be a bitch to cram into your camera bag.  :)hahaha great shot! gotta love the T-Boy!LOL! amazing capture. I can see you guys taking advantage of the hight tech gear around!!!So is Terry taking pictures of the kids' menu?
Perhaps a latte in a sippy cup?Awesome.  Saturday I was standin on a 5 gallon pail.Great shot.  Especially love the color of the crate.Got Milk (crate)?Such definition!

I love to see a man on a box.Awesome shot!nice set up :pLook at the trouble that you started Rudy...even vertically challenged people need a lift. Great shot.Talk about a killer capture of life-out-of-the-ordinary! Not only is it an amazing capture, it's proves that there is nothing Terry won't do to get in a shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Sepia tones....  From Australia and around the World   :) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ha! Not sure how I missed this one.  Pitch perfect processing.  Great title and caption.  lol...just great.  Great!I so don't wanna be any of y'all when Terry catches up with you!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.1 : ♥ 

Fddddaaaaaiiiiittttt elMODEL anaaaa !! 

roo777yyy hl 2nsana !! 3mry dnytee klhaaa Ummwwwaaaa777 &lt;333333ccchhh Bathhhooonnn mn my &lt;3 a8oolch hlWord !! 

Ur my Evrything 

M7d Y'3neeny 3nch 

Need u in my life 4 ever !!!! 

cant see my self with out you  !! 

UuuuMmmmmmWwwwwAaaaaaaaa777777777 !! 

&lt;333333 

lovely~Lovely &lt;3!awesome!:O
9jj WOW !!
mashalla 3aleeech w 3ala faniiiiich ;)جميله جداً
الله يحفظج , وقواج الله.

&lt;33 you .,


Nice `loved it alooooot &lt;3 fa'9eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee3ah  mn &lt;3ابيك تعرف ان لك صاحب بكل مافيه يغليك ♥7lwa ;)الوان الصوره..تجنن

عجبتني بالحيل:)etjnnn fdait L model ana *_*&lt;3&lt;3amazing wallah 
i &lt;3333333 this pic 3geeebh h3 
y3teeech el3afeeh sis
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/5700510/4335450666/]Great Sho0o0o0ot 
and like the sunglasses &lt;3What a wonderful image !!!B*&lt;33ajeeeba ;)Fav &lt;3 
w trou7 w trj3 b elslama inshallah :)-*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` n!ce p!c 

*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`  
 
www.joriqtr.com        

Perfect **     Lovely &lt;33AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteyaa raw3aaa ;)yaaa 3inyyyyy


;) fav &lt;3









gr8 shot **
fav 
-Lovely Shot :)lovelyFaved !so beauteful
comment meyalba ♥♥faved♥ya feen il model *__*&lt;3amazing &lt;3cute :)Explored Ya Fnana :* ;)
Drb L Salaama &lt;3
*Faved ♥♥

Amazing mashalla 3laichniCeExplore ;DniCe &lt;33 Faave ;) 

:* Great !  FAVA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...allah your photostream 9ayr jmeel !Faaaav&lt;3ly Taken.
FaV.loved ittttexploredLove itnice pic :)Tjnn .. ^^&quot;Raw3a&lt;33like it&lt;3KyOwwtte ♥!!Nice &lt;3NICENice shoot ;D Styelish  Nice .. 

Raw3a ..&lt;3amazingWonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.3jeebh wayed *.*iLOVEuLove it &lt;3faaaaaaav luv the edit ~حبتيين لج :)
Amazing &lt;33
FavNice pic
Keep it up

Comment me+note plz

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Faav !!&lt;33رووعه الصووره 
أبدعتي
و الادييت خطييير
مافيييييج حيــلــه

FAVE =)Niiice Mshalla...This is a lovely shot EA with nice perspective. I like the house shaped apperture created by the trees and the view within.Nice tones too ! Well done.Seen @ Update Collection 
Thank you for sharing your High Quality Image.Nice capture through the trees.è bello scoprire quel cielo così azzurro dietro il verde !Sting :)
very beautifulSoooo gorgeous!  Love how you've picture-framed it!Remind us the year passed by. In Texas,this scene will soon turn into greens.Seen @ Nature With All Its Wonders   
Thank you for sharing your High Quality Image.Wonderful capture !


Seen in:
Aces for Bases (Post 1 - Award 2)
Seen in:
Aces for Bases (Post 1 - Award 2)fascinating shot. i like the colours you caughtVery beautiful, wonderful shot.beautiful composition colors and lightFantastic shot!!!! Ciao!!!Nice colors!perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called the rumpus room (invited images only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks!

Hey, thanks for the invite!I love this so much. It's so odd and his expression is precious :)Thanks, yes, it's odd isn't it?it's so cool like seeing through water dropsHi, I'm an admin for a group called inner eYe (P1/C1) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

love this...love the touch of the surrealnice captureHi, I'm an admin for a group called Life is the question - Love is the answer, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Very nice indeed.Wow! this is awesome, I love this... so creative and different. I love that focus on the eye, it looks huge.I can tell it's the same scene, but this one is totally different than the other one.  Really cool.LOve the dof of this one. Very beautifuli adore this.beautiful visionary work!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)brilliant!!so very great....perfect eye....Oddest picture ever but I like it, made me smile :Dbrilliant!Fantastici See ...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Your photograph is really good. It's perfect, congrats! :D

I will be happy if you add me as a contact. I will do the same, now or tomorrow.
Don't stop shooting, live your life! :D

Be water, my friend.Guapa!!! I love IT!!!  q expresión.... me encanta :)Eva, que foto!! Me encanta el concepto de un lado de la cara iluminado y el otro no!! Creo que un poco menos de exposicion en el lado izquierdo le quedaria genial![http://www.flickr.com/photos/angelsge/] Thanks a lot!!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ninoskaenriquez/] Gracias guapísima. No te imaginas lo difícil que es para mí este tema, nunca jamás de los jamases me he hecho fotos a mí misma. No me soporto en fotos, no soy nada fotogénica. Esta no quedó mal. Me alegro de que te guste. Un besazo.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/tacu53/] Ay Sebastián, con lo que me he peleado con la edición, madre mía. Estoy aprendiendo más de PS en estas 3 semanas que en 5 años. Intentaré lo que me comentas. Todo lo que sea por mejorar bienvenido sea!!! Un beso y gracias por tu comment.Eva, muy bien, me gusta lo que estas haciendo.
Ese corte que te marque es una foto maravillosa.Estas que te sales con los autoretratos ... me gustan todos !!!!Mira vos.... el angelito y el diablito en una  misma persona! Que buena... es la perfecta representacion de lo que somos, una dualidad, todos tenemos ese lado oscuro adentro.... lo bueno es que no sale siempre ;)
Te veo muy creativa Eva, en la fotografia no solo cuenta la tecnica, creo que una parte importante esta en la imaginacion y tu tienes las dos! Muy  bien!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Las fotos de l'Atelier. Enero 2010&quot; ( ?² )Otra que me tira de la silla!!
Que voy a acabar en el hospital!!
Me encanta, tienes una mirada tremendamente expresiva, genial.
¿Como has conseguido tanto negro a tu alrededor, te vestiste de negro?
Chulisima Eva!!Esta está buenísima!!!!!! Se te está dando todo Eva!!!que guapa!!!! tanto la foto como tu!!!Genial!!
Claros y oscuros en la misma foto, me gusta. :DBuen trabajo Eva, se te da de maravilla el tema del autorretrato! es una foto original, tienes una mirada muy expresiva. 
Me gusta el juego de claro/oscuro en la cara aunque para mi gusto a la parte izquierda le bajaría un poco la luz.Una bona currada !!!!!!
Jo li tinc una mania al Sr Photoshop que ni t'ho pots imaginar !!!, pero es el millor.Qué buena, Eva!!!! bravo!!
Me viene a l acabeza el expresionismo alemán.A ver si &quot;ésas&quot; pueden hacer una foto así.... No te joroba... esto lo llamo yo arte, y para mí tiene mucho valor!!!! Ps no es un herramienta de engaño. Para mí es una forma de ayudarme a mostrar lo que veo y tengo en la cabezota. Y lo que tienes tú me gusta mucho!!! Tienes imaginación y estás consiguiendo transmitirlo en las fotos. Me encanta ver cómo vas introduciendo cosas nuevas!!! Ánimo, que preveo que vas a disfrutar un montón de esto!!Me mata el ojo izquierdo!! Eva...estás evolucionando una pasada.uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuffffffffffffffffffffff. Me has dejado en el sitio.....sin palabras, de verdad. IMPRESIONANTE.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/elbeso/] Gracias guapetona, me alegro de que te guste. Esa zona sucia me gusta, es muy diferente a todo lo que he hecho hasta ahora. :)
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/agusalbiol/] Gracias Agus. La verdad es que potables sólo han salido los dos que he colgado pero seguiré practicando!! Un besito
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/francoiserachez/] Entendiste a la perfección lo que quería transmitir y eso me hace muy feliz. Es cierto, todos tenemos dos lados, claro y oscuro, limpio y sucio, da igual cómo se llame, pero es así. Un beso preciosa.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ladonnabupu2/] Me puse camiseta negra y pañuelo negro al cuello para que no se viera nada de chicha. El resto del fondo lo oscurecí con edición (curvas) Me alegro de que te guste!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43779674@N00/] Laurita, tú que me ves con muy buenos ojos, pero todo, todo.. ya me gustaría! Muak!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43582246@N07/] Gracias! Aunque no suelo salir así a la calle :D
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46415523@N08/] Gracias reina, me alegro de que te guste.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/45328893@N08/] Si le bajo la exposición no se  ve tanta diferencia, o al menos la diferencia que quería mostrar pero lo tendré en cuenta ;) Un  besito.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/33966702@N08/] Doncs deixa't de manies que pots aconseguir moltes coses, sobretot transmetre el que no es pot aconseguir amb una foto només sortida de màquina. Potser no totes necessiten edició però algunes per representar el que volem sí que calen. Gràcies!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/83692614@N00/] Jaja Meisi, hay quien me ha dicho que parezco la Lisbeth Salander!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/erzonzo/] Gracias por tu comentario. Sabes que lo valoro mucho porque tú tienes 'eso' que busco y que intento encontrar. Tus fotos transmiten un web, no dejan nada indiferente. Crees que nos contrararían a los dos para el CD? Los duets están de moda :D
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mhori/] Me hace mucha gracia cuando decís eso de 'me mata', parece que os duela :) Muchas gracias guapa, me alegro de que te guste.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/la_bicoqueta/] Ay mi Jesulina, ya te puedes mover!! :P Gracias preciosa, estoy deseando ver el tuyo.jajaja! Ok! Pero te aviso que cuando me oigan cantar lo tiran a la basura, jajaja!! Bueno, se quedan con las portadas, pero el CD está condenado, jajajaja!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/erzonzo/] Te aseguro que no te gustaría ser mi vecino cuando me pongo con el Lips...OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Que bien... con tanta foto buena no voy a ser capaz con esta tarea!Niña, qué foto!!! Cada día se me pone más difícil esta tarea.Pedazo foto!!! Me gusta muchísimo, la sombra brillante en el párpado del lado oscuro!!! La pongo entre mis favoritas.  EnhorabuenaMare meva Eva, vaya foto más potente, esa mirada de acero me ha dejado flipada, muy chula la idea y el resultado está a la vista, impresionante![http://www.flickr.com/photos/10922942@N04/] Desde luego que puedes, es más, deseando estoy de ver tus fotos, así que ponte en faena!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46367403@N02/] La tarea es complicada de coj... Sólo es encontrar el momento. Vamos, creo yo.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/velocidadcuchara/] Gracias guapa, un placer que te la guardes.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/46539951@N05/] Así miro yo cuando estoy cabreada... así que vete con cuidado, jajjaa. Un besito preciosa.Cuando la vi on black casi me hago pipi del miedo. No se que quisite transmitir pero definitivamente es una foto inquietante, no deja a nadie indiferente. Tu CD se va a vender entre los adolescentes :)))
ME GUSTA MUCHO!(eres muy linda)

Yo creo que tu entendiste perfectamente que la fuerza de un retrato esta en los ojos.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/casienserio/] GRAAAAACIAAAAASSS!!! Me alegro de que te guste... jo, qué bien!!! Gracias, gracias, gracias...
(ayer me llamaron vampiresa, Lisbeth Salander, X-Woman y cualquier ente no humano :S)Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeevaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!


E s p e c t a c u l a r!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Me gusta muchísimo, Eva![http://www.flickr.com/photos/29064894@N06/] Me despertaste de la siesta con ese grito!!!!! Gracias preciosa.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/orangechocolate/] Gràcies guapíssima!!!!!IMPRESIONANTE!!!!!
q espectáculo de portrait!!!
♥A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Qué pasada!
Y tú decías que odiabas a Yol?
Yo te &quot;odio&quot; a ti! jjjj
Es impresionante!Wow EVA!!! que excellente foto!! Me gusta muchisismo! De evrda que transmite mucho, te quedo muy muy buena. Y Explore!!! Felicitaciones guapa! Lo estas haciendo muy muy bien![http://www.flickr.com/photos/-faby-/] Gracias guapa, me alegro de que te guste.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/bogob1980/] Welcome and thanks a lot!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/32588014@N02/] No me odies que yo te tero muuuucho!!!!! :)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/43560618@N07/] Gracias guapetona, la verdad es que me lo pasé bien haciéndola y eso es importante.very cool!Amazing!! I love this photo Eva! Powerful!Very good capture! 

Seen in Explore.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/22146904@N04/] Thanks Ivan!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/rios-enriquez/] Sí, sí, muy amazing pero dónde están tus deberes eh???

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/lalunanera/] Thanks a lot!KramaPolice,Feirce,H8oubly,CHARMED,BlackRoad ♥♥

2'Nd xD
The Focus Is Totaly Amazing,,
I Liked It Wayed Wayed Waayed Waaed Waayed 
Tjnn L Shot 3ala Ra3yat'ha :$:$ xD
A7bich '3ada2ah =**
: 3alya2ah :$

Fave L3eoOnch ;** FdeeeeeeeeeeeeeT '3doooooooooya 
LOVE the Sho0o0o0oT 
BUT
LOVE u moooooooooooooooooore &lt;3&lt;3
Keeeeeeeeeep IT Foooooooooooog 
i'll miss u dude :***********
FAV l3yooooooooooooooonch &lt;3
Oh :)
il Bokeh 3jeeb wajd .. :)
I will missin u .. &lt;3
W sure fave w bsLOVE U &lt;3abdaaa3 &lt;&lt;3(L)_(L)&quot;   LOVE U ! 
FAV (Y)yarou7y ana :*$
&lt;3 u (LL)Thanksss 3al first :p 
LOVE IT *_* the bokeh is insane!
love youuuu ya vamplicious :*♥BllackRoad ; Love You More wWill Miss You More w8sm :|!
Classic;Will Miss You Too ;**
SAM ; Love You More ;)!
Darthoo ; Love You More Yal5bla xD:P
Jnoonyaah ; YarouRou7ei , &lt;3u More ;**
KarmaPolice ; You're Welcome , Love You More Ya Karma Police :Pana there with il 1st ;D
ya fdeit my h8oub'ation 
allah shu hal 2bda3 :O 
well done ya '3d'3d ;)
h8oub'ly  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ h8oub'aionSouky ; Hhh Nwrtaaaaii :$ !
Tfdaach your h8oubation (LL)
H8oubation ♥ H8oubly :P!&lt;33km mrra a8ool abi el1st -___- ?a76ch first :P ?la ThanQ You :) !z3ltei :O?No ! &lt;33 It 

Wonderful :* Loooooveee yew ya ilcrazya (Llllll)Adore Yoou :P! Ahm shi ana 1st bss t7t ;&quot;(
mayswa 3laina Landmark &lt;3
A7biich Dubbo ;Pp
WTF ilpic is So Flowerin' Amazing &lt;3 xD
Fav L3yOunich &lt;3Ahwakei &lt;3''CHARMED ; Hhhhh LandMark Haa :&quot;|:O! , Flowerin هم1 A3shhh88cchh :|!
Souky ; Adrei Latnkrein (Aa) :P! Faave ;) love youh :P:DSuperHero ; Love You More :P!:(



*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥a7biich Vampilicous Ya LBeeeeh (LL)^ a3sh8ch ;Plove you ;*Love you more ;**Craaazyyyt 2lbeei '3eedaa :$
w7shteeeni waaajd @_@ leeh ma jeeti 2day ?
btw elshot exxttrrraaa wow :P loved it bs msh akthr mnch
ily '3eeeedaaa &lt;3 Kisses &amp; Hugs ..Tahounteii ;'$:P
intei akthr ;O, M7d 8wmneeei @_@!
ily more and more ;* &lt;3 Huga &amp; Kisses :P!=___= !! SHIIIITTTTTTTT
leeesh ma y8wmoounch ;@ !! btww ufff ma bshooufch 5la9 :\
2morrow tgdreeen ?La Barou7 eLdentist -_-&quot;! ;''enshallaaah yksroun kl asnaanch ;$:| لاااا بروحي خاييفففه :(!R'w3a 8lbo =) 
Great 


c,meReally wonderful :)Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Niiiiice pic .,, well done Awesome bokeh!RAINY SHOTS &lt;3 a7la sheyebdaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa3yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay marra raw3a
تسلم الاناامل حبيتها
comment me
www.flickr.com/photos/25762985@N08/4348831089/in/photostr...absolutely stunning, the lighting's perfect
(:I'm sure it's cold but the light is warm.  Nice one!Great shot.  I love the striated texture of the snow.  The lighting really helps bring that out.Gotta love that sunset light! Great shot!Beautiful capture.What a beautiful capture!... &quot;Brilliant&quot; literally.... this shot is outstanding,... as usual.. :)






P.S. check your testimonials... there is one there that needs approval..:)So cold in spite of the warm colors and light !
Congrats on Explore ...What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.So beautiful!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Beautiful warm light on a cold wintery day!this is adorable, :)smoothing out the black would jus be more perfect!thats a cute idea ::)) It's blue.. deliberately wrinkled to look more like water...I like the sheet wrinkled, baby looks like a little froggy...i onced used an cord under fabric in  several &quot;ring&quot; patterns to look ripples. :)I think it's pretty cute, something I'd put in an album, but probably not on the wall unless that was the theme of the nursery. Ooooh.. neat!!I think I would love this with the ring ripples and a 7mo with a froggy hat. For this one I think I'd try to pull the highlights back a bit and add some saturation.

I'll have to show you one I shot (per request) last week- baby on a giant toy honu. Too bad I don't have the fake beach backdrop, haha!Well, it's no bubble wrap....  LOL

Why yes, I AM a wiseass. How nice of you to notice.  ;-)I think it's cute! You know, I actually was telling another friend today it might be the new bubble wrap!!!Would look really cute if the blue was more like water. But cute concept!!I would super wrinkle all the blue to make it more watery.Very cute indeed! Love the cord idea your one friend has!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones.I think it's adorable. Very creative :) I agree with the water ripple concept, too.It's totally the new bubble wrap - I'm stealing it... 

JK :-PNo this is totally super cute!i think it turned out cute!Incredibly cute and inspiring!that's awesome!very cute and I want to copy it!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This photo is Simply Awesome! Please add it to

Simply Awesome Photos = Please when you Post 1, Award 2 or more Please tag your image with SimplyAwesomeso nice.i love dogs !! cute shot !haha niceNice capture!Pacient models. :-)Great shot. I have an aging and near-toothless fawn and a corpulent black... neither quite as photogenic as these.

Now, &quot;pug oriented clothing&quot;... clothing for pugs or people?Ha!  For Pugs - I forgot to add a link!Excellent - a different expression captured on each pug, and the black fur has wonderful tones!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Thanks everyone.  Liyen - thanks for noting the black fur - it's tough to get an accurate exposure on a light coat aand black coat in the same frame - especially when they fall on different depths from the key light too.Great work!! Looks like a mafia of Pugs. Reminds me of that painting with the dogs playing pool.Fantastic, I find it hard enough to get one dog to pose, let alone three!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )I can't look at this great shot without imagining a cigar in each one's mouth...AMAZING! I love this!! Too cute!Hi!
We love your image and would like to add it to our gallery at Talk the talk, Feel free to join as a member too!really cool! so cutei think they would be nuts if they didn't go to you. great photos.awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Please add your photo to:
Best In Show (Invite Only)
--
This dog is obviously loved. You are invited to post this image with those of other beloved dogs at..

Dogs Are Special
No limit on posting; no mandatory comments; no invitation needed. Just bring all your family friendly dog photos and share them with others like you!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )What a striking image! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.This is great, they can come and keep my Boxer Dog company on our big couch. Great shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I like your style! (1 Post - 1 Com - 1 Inv) - PLAY CONTEST , and we'd love to have this added to the group!as one who has black dogs in the family, I can appreciate a grand picture of black dogs, course the other lil fella in the photo helps!

all are amazed!  Love this!;}Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fantastic! Wonderful pugs!


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Seen in  Best In Show
(Invited Images Only)love the purples here Bryan
and stunning drop
how are things?? did you get all your horse stuff?? :-))Very delicate shot! 
 Excellent - well done!
 *Free N A T U R E*

Great focusBeautiful neon purple!  =)color is amazing. and that DOF - WOW!Traumhaft schön &lt;3. Wundervolle Tiefenschärfe. &lt;3 ~yokoFantastic!just amazing!Stunning work!!!excellent capture !excellent. very amazing colorwow, love the color!Beautiful. I like everything about this!Gosh this is like magic!Spectacular in blue!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.just beautiful!!  Love it.woow ,  your shots are amazing!!lol tadreen i see it in photo scape :P 38b yoom sawit click 3leha ft7 le 9af7tich :* , fnaana &lt;3perfect focused! great shot!!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called HQ-SELECTION, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful macro with great details.Fantastic.. lovely.. :)Beautiful!nice one, great shot!Such vivid colour....great workHi, I'm an admin for a group called mostfantasticfotogroupever, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome!Great shot, love itFabulous refraction and love those colours!
Have a wonderful rest of the day =)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beautiful photos,&quot;Vota en concurso fotos de animales&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthExcellent shotInstant fave well doneso beautiful !...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY wow, beautifulCharming !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photo Garden, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

gorgeous! and explored..Your pictures are always so beautiful. I would kill to actually get some snow and nice scenery where I live.
Anyway, great photo, the red really stands out. I like it a lot :)that red just pops out of the picture.
this is gorgeous. i am jealous of this location, that snow is perfect.
this whole picture is just incredible.I like the red with all that white. Nice.nice pop of color!Beautiful. The bush on the right kind of reminds me of an angel's wing.this is amazingly beautifulThat red just sends this photo into a whole new dimension. Awesome. And I agree the bush looks like an angel's wing!wowww.that snow.. wow. i love it. you are so good.love the colors, beautifulllyour pose is beautifulah the toneslove red color in this pic!i LOVE how bright the red is!!I was going to say that bush looks like a wing, but it's been said already. haha
The tones are amazing,  and your whole photostream is fantastic! I love your outdoor photos.Your shoulders look  amazing!so beautiful ! the red looks great with the snow :)wow!Nice! I like how you lead the eye to the vanishing point with the red.The vividness of the red is just so inspiring! I love that your shoulders are slightly uncovered and that your face is turned.Oh, wow, beautiful!!!

I would have probably died out there.The red is great. It adds a nice pop.
I wish I was immune to the cold... I've suffered through New England winters all my life and I'm always cold but I can still never stand it!!so gorgeousHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le Rouge dans la Photographie - The red in photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing
favI love your outfit
I just went back pretty far in your photostream looking through all your awesome pictures. The focus, bokeh, and lighting in all of your pictures is so perfect!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Absolutely beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!We often walk close to 4 hrs a day , every day and she always carries her tennis ball with her everywhere we goSo pretty, Johny! Love sooc! The shadow is adorable!Love this shot, cool POV, nice.She is such a silly pup.   It's a wonder her jaws don't ache.  

I just love Barbie.  Oh I see Holly close by too.....always watching over you both.So sweet Johny!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Good friends do that ... such a wonderful best buddy!
Love this!  The sun, the trees, the snow .. and the spoo.What a beautiful image of her -- the light is incredible!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)A beautiful spirit....You two make life better.quelle adorable photo
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )She's such a cutie-pie!Such a beautiful shot.
You two keep each other strong.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Fantastic ShotOh I know that one.. Great workReally beautiful - love her joy!Brr...

Love the 'into the sun' photos - well done.

I remember the time I had a tele on my camera and the sun behind a flower, thought I was going to be blinded when the sun moved into view from the side of the flower. (don't try this at home)Beautiful shot.Awesome photo.  You must be in great shape with those long walks.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wonderful capture!This one's a real beauty.  If I'd have seen that sun glaring straight into my camera, I probably wouldn't have even tried that shot.  Fortunately, you're smarter than me...
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful shot of little Barbie :)Very good!A VERY mystical photo. It looks like your strength is coming from two dogs.I do walk as long as you! Got to keep those paws short!!!! Heehee!
Great capture my friend...
--x--It's good to see one of your pictures of Barbie and what a beauty it is!!!A beautiful photo.  Love the sun and how your baby is coming toward you.....so precious!beautiful shadows, color, subject (Barbie)  and DOF......
4 hrs per day? You both should be in great form from the fresh air and exercise.....have missed your beautiful SPOO photosIt must be a poodle thing.  We rescued a toy poodle and she is never without her ball.   A smaller version of the tennis ball.
This is a wonderful capture of a very happy dog.   Love the light in the sky.Such a happy Barbie- and so beautifully composed with the sun's rays and the shadows-- and love the vague view of the people on the path- and Barbie running toward you- wowBeautifully composed! Barbie looks so happy. Keep her warm!Superb backlight! Barbie is beautiful!Wonderful capture! Congrats on explore.dogs make the very best companions, no doubt there!!!!!CUTE!!! Great capture!Thanks for sharing your feelings and this image from your everyday life. We walk 5 miles a day and it keeps us in touch with what is real.One of my faves! Lovely!You and she have a great time together.  I have a friend with a dog that carries a large rock around on his walks!

Keep well :o)----------------
A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.
invited with SICI (2009-12-10)excellent!
I saw this in A Big FaveGreat shot!I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.Great shot..

I saw this in A Big Favestunning !

I saw this in A Big FaveA Big FaveGorgeous winter light - great shot

I saw this in A Big Favefantastic shot


I saw this in A Big FaveVery nice shot, and dog.Direct from the camera...comme je les aiment...Very cutePerfect!Lovely poodle!!Adorable :)beautiful!Beautiful shot.


I've just been given a Labradoodle by a lady who didn't want him anymore . ?. I'll never understand people, give me dogs and horses any day.  Anyway, he's settled in with my other dogs at once and is the most loving, easily trained and most affectionate dog I have ever known.Sunny dog.... ;-)

Ciao,
Andy♥ itVery nice shot!!What a wonderful capture of your precious furbaby!wow
greatumwerfend gut!!*seufz*

Schon wieder so ein Sahnefoto!

:-)))

Wie geheimnisvoll das Watt aussehen kann ...wirklich schön! vgganz grosses Kinominimal very good shot!excellent contrasts, textures and atmosphere...super image....what an interesting shot!!! Your shots are amazing, love your work :)Very cool, love the contrast and composition, looks very interesting! Congrats to you too. :)wieder ein Kandidat? :-)
Kontrastreiches s/w Bild.
@Indien
abgesehen von den unglaublichen Sehenswürdigkeiten,
 war diese Reise doch nachhaltig bedrückend.
Aber in Kambodscha ist es nicht  besser. (wg. Pol Pot)
Ich war u.a, am Tonle Sap, (See) der ja hier weitgehend unbekannt ist.
Das kann sich niemand vorstellen wie die Menschen da leben. 
(Nachkommen von Vietnamflüchtlingen).
auf tausenden &quot;Hausbooten&quot;.
Die züchten sogar große Krokodile (für Handtaschen) 
in schwimmenden Käfigen
Ich habe zwar viele Bilder davon, aber in dieser Region ist das Licht sehr grell. Die Bilder sind nicht so gut. (schlecht)
Allerdings hatte ich bis vor 2-3 Jahren auch noch keine Ahnung von Digi-Fotofrafie.
Dir einen schönen Sonntag
LG


--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Whoa... what a super cool composition.. the textures and tones are absolutely stunning..Ja HALLO! Das ist ganz GROßES Kino!!!!!!!

---Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe YourBestMinimalShot (Post1-Comment-on1)PLEASE VOTE-NEW CONTEST, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.das ist ja richtig bedrohlich ...........Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe ***Flickr Global, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Danke.Stunning image! The dramatic high contrast and post work are excellent! Love the placement of the buoy's anchor just under the oil rig on the horizon. Definitely best viewed large so you can see the wind turbines on the horizon.perfect.

FAV!

Guido

seen in my home page


striking, decorative, makes you lookGreat shot and information, excellent. Have a good day and keep smiling.Genial! Das muss ich noch lernen, alles Überflüssige wegzulassen.


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow ! Beautiful !!Just wonderfiul..Moody!!! Exceptional shot!Genialer Bildaufbau und geniale Verarbeitung machen ein geniales Bild, das sicher gut aussieht, wenn es in der Gallerie hängt.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )pure scifi.

sollte mal jemand Alien 5 drehen -- der opening shot könnte dieser sein -- das ist ein sehr einzigartiges bild!Das Wattenmeer ist wirklich vielseitig, was die Fotomöglichkeiten angeht. Wahrlich ein tolles Bild.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Wattwanderung, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Awesome minimalism
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Stunning composition !!!!Perfection!!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Like a movie in black and white, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.cool!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )such a great effect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Also - auf Wattenmeer wäre ich bei der Perspektive und ruhigen Aufnahme nicht gekommen - ganz großartig und ungewöhnlich fotografiert - sehr edel!
(Ist ne Bohrinsel rechts am Horizont, oder?)
Schönen Sonntagabend noch und einen guten Wochenbeginn!klasse Arbeit, bin begeistert !Klasse!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great contrast &amp; composition!Sieht ja echt genial aus!very artistic - awesome captureWoww!! beautiful photo (:Surreal post apocalyptic image !I enjoyed your photos very much. Loved the &quot;clean&quot; style and the foolin'around with light and shadows. Thank you.So fantastic, great shot ¡¡¡
Greetings my friend, have a nice week :D

Seen in my contacts' photos.wow
amezing


and fava Great Frame..!!!!super!

You are invited to add your masterpiece to the
 
Minimal Black&amp;White

---echt geil!
das SW ist atemberaubend und der Bildaufbau wie immer grossartig!

Willmehrsehn :)Excellent.beautiful...

splendida compo e post !What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Excellent work!!!

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)wow, grossartiges Bild! fantastische Bearbeitung!Strong minimalistic compositionI'm loving this. The BW is perfect. Such a strong composition too. You're on fire at the moment!....mal wieder perfekt inszeniert !!!I like the composition in this wonderful shot.WooW, excelente todos los albumes
10/10
congrats ;)I like your treatment!Very good picture, good shot and good treatment of light.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Phot'ART - P1/A2, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

This is an Art'shot!:
Thank you for sharing! Dont forget to award two Phot'arts in the pool!


La photo c'est de l'art!
P1/A2 Phot'ARTMaster composition…

Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe artland, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.wow~artwork it is!oshadharon :)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)bhoyaboho....Kothin!love itserious shot..A very strong concern provoking image indeed. The tone is just perfect to symbolize the deadly condition of the atmosphere. Glad you're putting effort in creating concerns around people.Nice composition!great capturewow .. this is so cool!lovely...wonderful capture...I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.great......like the compositionGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthBravo!; Greeting from Bangkok:)

The Fabulous image; great composition. 
SPLENDID PHOTO.. YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST, BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool, and give 2 awards to your best friends..

www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkyG45lVhRA&amp;NR=1

Have a nice day and be happy:)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.I love the photo, reminds me of photo's taken of the Potteries area of the UK in the 19th centuryExcellent!de película, buenísima!!!
La luz, el b&amp;n, los personajes, la escalera.... todoooo, genial!!!!Que buena escena!!!!La composición es perfecta!!!!
Las línes de las escaleras, la situación de las personas... y sus expresiones son brutales!!!!
Me la llevo a favoritas!!!!
Un besote y enhorabuena Bubela!!!!Fantástica!!!!Maravillosa escena!!! Cierto, parece el fotograma de una película.

La luz sobre la caras y el humo, geniales.

Un beso.De qué peliculón la sacaste ?
Es bellísima !!
BicosMagnifica fotografia Teresa!!!! Me encanta la escena captada, parece llevarnos a otra epoca

Un besazode cine, cine, vamos que parece una escena de una peli, o de un descanso en el set¿A qué si, Guillermo? En pequeño parecía una foto de un traviesillo de los años 40, qué atrevida Teresa, nosotras dos desde arriba de la escalera para que no nos vieran y tú ahí, de frente. Seguro que esta foto es mejor de las que haría él después, pobre.Estas escenas que tu captas tienen siempre una composición perfecta
un abrazo

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)De lujo, Teresa!! Te luciste, estas son las del Domingo!!! Saludos.Hay cosas por las que podría ser una foto antigua,  y otras que dicen a las claras en qué momento está hecha. Qué curiosa... qué buena!Una gran foto clásica...Esta gran imagen ha sido vista en:/This great image was seen in:
&quot;Fotografía Social y Reportaje;

Me ha gustado tu fotografía/I liked your picturelt;/b&gt;parece que esten haciendo un posado, muy bien vista, un beso amiga T.Te diría que la composición es genial, con esa diagonal que hace la escalera y las caras de los dos protagonistas, pero es que lo que me dice esta foto es que tiene alma propia.
Besos.Esta gran imagen ha sido vista en:/This great image was seen in:
&quot;Fotografía Social y Reportaje;

Me ha gustado tu fotografía/I liked your picturelt;/b&gt;bien vista y captada !!!
buena semana !!!Si, yo también buscaba información...me pareció una escena de una obra. Muy buena !!!! la luz sobre el chico es fantástica...y el humo....
Un besazo tocaya .Una escena magnífica Teresa, pero hecho en falta la ausencia de tus geniales títulos.
Un abrazoQue buena captura...como cine!!! besos Ali ;DQué bien pillada, teresa! 
Un besazoMuy buena foto 

FOTO VISTA EN / SEEN IN El Factor HumanoMuy bien vista. La composición perfecta.
Un saludo.

Esta gran imagen ha sido vista en:/This great image was seen in:
&quot;Fotografía Social y Reportaje;

Me ha gustado tu fotografía/I liked your picturelt;/b&gt;Muy buena!!Ahora sí, me faltaba el título, y como siempre extraordinario igual que la foto.
Besos.Y un plató de altura.

Increíble momento. Un abrazo !!!excelentemente filmica...!! :-))Qué bien viste esta escena, genial el momento en que la captaste.
Me encanta el encuadre, la luz y el b&amp;n.

Bicos.¡Está de la hostia!, con perdón.Madrid un plató y tu foto de película, menuda luz le has sacado al nene en la cara y que escena has captado. Bien, ahora tenemos también una Bubela directora de fotografía, ¿que más sabes hacer pedazo de artista?...

Ya estoy de vuelta, si te pasas por mi galería veras que te he echado de menos.

Besos desde Cartagena en flor.Puntual como siempre.
Besos, guapa.Una de tus maravillas Teresas, es muy buena.
SaludosBuenísima, Teresa, el B&amp;N excelente como el momento. Un slaudo amiga.¡Enhorabuena! Foto premiada en Madrid abierto
Muy buena composición. Queda todo perfecto y encima esa escalera de fondo... qué bien visto y fotografiado.Viva la imaginación, viva la inteligencia, viva el arte, vivan los/las buenos/as fotógraf@s.... Viva Teresa, que pena que viva en Madrid, si vivera aquí la invitaría a tomar un cafelito..... Me ha gustado mucho tu foto, amiguita.

Besitos.Muy buena!!Me gusta la escena y su composición, y las luces ...todo muy bien.
Saludos Teresa.¡Genial!Me gusta mucho, mucho esta escena o momento, 
el encuadre, la luz, esa escalera.... Saludos¡Enhorabuena! Foto premiada en Madrid abierto
creo que a esto se le llama a bocajarro....jajajajaComo ya te han dicho que de película, ya no te lo digo ó si... pero es que es de película.
Que buena la luz que le dá en la cara al del cigarrillo y que bien lo has pillado.
En cambio la chica retocándose la cara, anda ahí en lo suyo, poniendose, si cabe, más guapa... vamos lo que hay que decir para expresarte una cosa tan sencilla, como es.... FOTONAZO!

Ah... y disculpa no haberla visto antes.
Besos.Muy natural!

Esta gran imagen ha sido vista en:/This great image was seen in:
&quot;Fotografía Social y Reportaje;

Me ha gustado tu fotografía/I liked your picturelt;/b&gt;Un viaje al pasado,,,,,  bellos recuerdos.añadiría: ....y tus maravillosos guiones lo pueblan
genial!!!
besoCine. 
Un abrazo, Teresa. Suerte conocerte!La luz de esta foto, oportunísima ni expresamente ... muy buename gusta muchísimoMaster class de composición, de procesado, de contenido en la escena... Brutal!Bien compuesta, buena luz... Poeta, que eres una poeta del click :-)una escena de pelicula...Teresa..nos hallamos ante una instantánea fotográfica de buen calibre. Mis felicitaciones y reconocimientos.Buen ojo amiga.
Un saludoEs una gran escena, bueno, de hecho son dos grandes momentos que muy bien podrían tener su foto para ellos solos. Me encanta !Luis es lo que tiene.... y tu también.Me encantan estas escenas de artistas callejeros y gente bohemia...Es una foto para enmarcarla.
Muy Doisneau.
Un abrazo.Perfecta. Me gusta ese fondo de la escalera, y la expresion del chaval. Muy buena gallega10Una gran foto. Premiada en el grupo:
&quot;Callejeando. Foto urbana&quot;



Pincha en la fotografía para acceder al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Tu mundo Blanco......Y negro. y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

La composición es magnífica,Teresa.
La luz de la cara del chico,ayuda a dirigir la foto.
Me parece una fotografía &quot;con dos finales&quot; independientes.
Me gusta mucho. ;)

Te doy una estrellita.Y un beso.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Fotografías en blanco y negro(post 1/award 2)  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

CONCURSO/CONTEST
Con +3 logos/award postea aquí
Con +5 logos/award postea aquí:Maestros del blanco y negroSí que es cierto, amiga Teresa, se ha convertido en eso, todos quieren estar guap0os, triunfar, ser famosos, volver, o no, a casa con con algo ganado.
 Buen tratamiento a la escena, bonita.
Besote¡Nominada/Nominated!

Con 3+ Nominaciones/award postea aquí
Con 5+ nominaciones/award postea aquí:Maestros del blanco y negro
Participa en el concurso/Participates in the contestincreíbleThe light and scene is beautifully Hopper esque.Splendid photoamazing light! great capture!lovelyyes, that looks very much like a typical London scene. great!Nice take.superb, David....wonderful shot...love itThanks for the lovely comments.Very goodniceHi, I'm an admin for a group called Candid Revelations, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

delicate. erotic in the best sense.Nice :)nice shot thanks 4 sharingnicely done, Davideasy on the eye this one shanolyno.tumblr.com/Super cool scene, very stylish, brilliant lightsuperb lighting and thats some haircutmiss london :'(Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!:DGorgeous, cheeky, cool!Nice candid.This makes me want to see London so bad!Love the pose and light on the left foot.Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

Art and Text.   The snippets of French and German make it for me - them and the pretty Eurogirl.me encanta esta fotoHi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Very nice. If only she had a harsh diagonal fringe...
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I've been tagged by &quot; SKRANO! &quot;, &quot; © Maryamee &quot; &amp; &quot; Pwincess Noory ♥ &quot; =D !
My first tag(s) ever !

Here's is how it goes :
List 15 things that your friends may or may not know about you ,
But that are true...
Post a picture in your stream with the 15 facts and 
List your tagged people =D .

Here we go =D !

#1 I am addicted to photography so much.

#2 The best camera types for me are &quot; Canon \ Sony &quot;

#3 My favourite colours are Purpul &amp; Yellow.

#4 Without Flickr, i'd be dead by now.

#5 I love nature &amp; and animals so much.

#6 I really really hate the people who lie and don't keep thier promises.

#7 I dislike humans who think they are good at everything &gt; which they are not.

#8 I love my Meena so much and without her i'd be a meaningless person with a meaningless life.

#9 I love waking in the morning and drink Coffee \ Tea.

#10 I don't like high heels ! My shoes are just Converse \ Flats

#11 My lucky numbers are 3 , 17  or 13 , 7 [ The most important thing is that  3 \ 7 in them ]

#12 I love &quot; BMW &quot;.

#13 I love red nail polish.

#14 I hate hate hate hate judjemental people so much &amp; i wish they just die painfully !

#15 I'm really sensitive and i cry about the sillyest things [ A huge proplem =S ].

#16 I love my friends so much and i wouldn't trade them for the world.

And why i wrote 16 ?!
Because i like to go one step beyond =D !


Amna Tags ;

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/8061224@N04/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/love_qatar/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/hero33/]
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/9banchyoo/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/34587247@N06/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/45654758@N07/]!&lt;3i love your facts &lt;33333
and love u 2 
favedRw3aaaaaaaaaaaah ;p


A7biiicccccccch Ammony

MyAmoony; احببببك والقممر يشهد 

MyAmoony; يآحبنـي لك 


*KkkkkkkkkkkkkkKKkkkkkkkkkkkkkKkkkK* aa7 

;$a7m a7m ;P ! a7la facts walla but whyy 16 :@ lazm 15 U.U 
aaaaaaaaaaaaa7bbbbbbbbbbch AMNA :| !wow !
i luv you amna so freaking much &lt;3Yaaaaay I've been tagged, ough elmodel 3thaaaaaab *___* mashallah, good to know you more

Adore youh
kisses*kisses

thanks for thagging me, here's my replay niice :*.FAV ..AmzinG7yati amna&lt;33333
nice facts dear ;)explored ;)!*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» cOmMeNt mE تسلم الآيآآدي7abiiiithaLove It x)Borednice pic pro


keep it up


^_^fantastic
great foto
great colors
a real good masterpieceSo dreamy - love the colors!what a cutie!Beautiful tones and she looks so sweet, as always!=)Just perfect !!! her expression and the light are excellentSimply elegant!

CCP
Groupnice shot !

Artistic Child Photographylove it! The hue, your new wattermark, everything!cute !!Love it!!!I love the side lighting.  The tones are so soft and pretty.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)She gives you the best expressions.  Beautiful light and I love the soft colors.Cute! Love the pp
Seen in the Canadian Female Photographers Groupshe is cute ~
lovely ~OMG... what a beautiful little girl and image.. nicely done!! Love t he colors and softness!That is such a cute look.I love ths dress on her....she looks like a doll!Shes beautiful. Lovely light soft colours. Good capture.she is such a cutie with those big brown eyes!  adorable portrait.Cute ^.^

Nice shot and nice girl

welcome 2 my flickr:)She is adorable!I agree, adorable.... congrats on EXPLORE.nice!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SCORPLADY'S BEAUTIFUL SCENERY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
 

Scorplady would greatly appreciate your photo presence in her group.

its wonderful Chris~~~Oh wow! Amazing light!Admired in
SCORPLADY'S BEAUTIFUL SCENERY


Thank you !!What a beautiful sky and lightingsome fantastic tones and contrasts as well as great compositionHi, I'm an admin for a group called Hermosas flores y paisajes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!what a wonderful sky! the colors and tones are amazing!Une grande photo !lovely capture...
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?²Picture perfection mate!!!real good shot, love itREminds of movie The Road! 
Wonderful scene!

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5Totally agree with Tony re the crop suggestion...you couldn't lose that wonderful burst of sunlight. I just love the mood of this shot Chris, so dramatic, and the composition and tones are fantastic. Another one of your best ;-)Admired in
SCORPLADY'S BEAUTIFUL SCENERY


This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5That is nice. Good capture of this beautiful moment.wow this looks so cool. the light touching the water is a perfect partWow...beautiful!Nice tones and composition


This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5Great shot mate......................This is a story book image and full of atmosphere and moods..............my kinda shot.  Nice work


Andy

icemanonlineThe horizon is not at level Chris. Beautifull reflected light on the ocean.

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5Beautiful shot.Excellent tones and great sunburst!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)The light is divine!  Fab shot!a real beauty
wonderful compositonThis looks cold and moody and wonderful! I love the foreground rocks, I think they add a wonderful accent to the gorgeous sea and sky.Beautiful landscape!Great shot !fantastic the exposure...well done!
have a great week!Wonderful work Chris...very nice indeed!Lovely sky, well captured!Beautiful sky Chris - lovely coloursNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.wonderful view....lovely night capture.  excellent photography!This is an outstanding shot


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Superbe Paysage.....truly a relaxing scenery.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )A-Freekin-MAZINGLove it ChrisBeautiful light you got here!WOW, totally stunning Chris
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Another stunner Chris   :^)bella, bella, bella. I like very muchA lovely view too, nice reflection on the waterTop job Chris.Stunning scene Chris...really beautiful shot and work!

KathyI like the landscape in this great shot.Terrific shot!

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Stunning landscape!Gorgeous! You wouldn't believe this was the East Coast!Precious! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Qué maravilla de encuadre... qué foto!!!!!menos mal que no es el grafitero, buena sensación de partida, buenísima blanco y negro.Mira que quedan chulas en esa estación!

Dan ganas de coger ese tren e ir a cualquier parte...great black editing... simply a cool idea. great shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Muy buena foto Antolin Me gusta el ByN Y la composicion realizada 

Un abrazoSiempre jugando con tus sombras . Fenomenal !si señor !! una de las mas bellas estaciones,
para los fotógrafos.
excelente toma AntolinQue fotóoon,si me acuerdo viaje...eres buen fotografo,un abrazo Ali ;Dy que guapa !!!Muy buena composición.Pues esta brother te ha quedado pa mojar pan!!!!!..tenemos que repetir en esta estacion , todavia se nos han quedado algunasHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado La Ribera-Born y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

ali viajó de Sants a França, en la expo...
es una joya mi vecina.
Yo creo que merece tener un grupo propio, ya que son muchos los aficionados que pasan a inmortalizarla.Muy buena toma Antolín, y es que como dicen esta estación da para mucho. Espero poder repetir. Saludos:)Una maravilla de encuadre y edición, preciosa amigo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Tu mundo Blanco......Y negro. y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Alucinante ese encuadre,amigo.

Saludos.Un encuadre maravilloso jefe y que decir de la luz !!!!!!!!!!Solo por esta foto ya vale la pena la salida.... que mezcla más chula, esa estructura majestuosa con el tren &quot;grafiteado&quot; de arriba a abajo, de delante atrás!!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Muy bien tirada pero el tto es glorioso.Ciertamente hay que volver a esta estación . Te ha quedado de p.m. Tiene un toque de peli francesa de los 50 pero con graffitti. Muy guapa, AntolínFantástica foto, la estación, composición y profundidad ! ...... Salud !FelicitacionesImpresionante continuación a la foto de Alberto.Fantástica.

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
como me gusta esta estación en bn !!!La estación de Francia en Barcelona. Tiene una estructura muy particular y bella. La foto bien encuadrada, con unos reflejos excelentes en el andén.
Saludos.Buen trabajo con un bello resultado. En color , quizá el grafiti le de un toque diferente y no sea tan bonita.
Salu2 X To2Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Architecture y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Felicidades por el exporer !!!Ufffff.....esta luz hipnotizaBella imagen emotiva. Uno con esta imagen misteriosa se puede crear una película mental de las buena,Acertado el byn y un lujo de compo.
Vamos... que es un fotón.
Saludos.Bonita.Xin chào :)nice!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.wonderful!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado MONOCROMO//   -Tópico de la semana #  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.hei!  you look marvelous!great picture , love the detailThank you both!Happy Flickrversary, beautiful girl!
my fifth is coming up in a week or so... xI just checked - this month is my 6th!! Holy cow. How do you know your exact day so I can make it a flickversary too?

You know I &lt;3 you. Best 5 years of my life.Congrats Laura, your work  here was my first fave back when I joined in March '05!Thank you Christine, Michael &amp; Irina, I can't believe it has been that long already! I didn't know quite how early you joined Irina! That's crazy! I seem to remember there being a date somewhere on your account, but now it just says the month/year on your profile. I joined at the very end of December of 2004 but didn't go pro for almost a month. The first pic on my stream is dated January 25, 2005, so that is as close as I can gauge.yay!Your majesty. My friend.Happy 5th year in the Flickrverse =)Much changes, but the quality of the helveticaneue photostream does not.

Thank YOU, Laura.thank you, my friend...hi lady. you kinda rock so thank YOU for the constant inspiration.The pleasure is ours! For all my book design / typographic obsessions, Flickr is a welcome relief and abstract source of inspiration, helveticaneue being one of the best of the bunch.stunning photo of yourself my dear! and happy flickrversary!!!! :DWell ... what to say ??? You have enriched us all with your style so, thank you and keep going !!!Happy Flickrversary, beautiful! Thanks for everything you've shared. 

HUGS.

xomyou're so awesome, laura, and it's a real honor to know you, at least in the online sense. *mwah!* :)gorgeous!
you remind me a litlle bit of toni colette here who's also pretty herself.
happy flickrversaryday!Damn....we been around that long?Truly Gorgeous! Love the ruff. It's splendid.I have the same top as you, haha. H&amp;M?Great lighting.It's been a wonderful ride on Flickr with people like you... It's been a real pleasure knowing you and watching you grow in your art...

You're one cool chick.Thanks everyone for the kind words and years of friendship, can't believe it has been that long, but it has gone by in a pleasant flash!

Ana: the comparison has been made before I am sure, especially when my hair is this short! 

georgi: indeed it is!Really lovely portrait. Wonderful Lighting and very expressive....Wow !another reason why I am on Flickr, people like you.

happy anniversary!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great perspective!That's a wonderful and innovative angle ...
I liked it so muchExcellent Shot!great !!!!wonderful
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)
Love the angle...
nice..You deserve the Exquisite Seal of Quality Award !!!


seen in FreedomHawk Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 3Nice.


Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)


Thanks everybody.Great view!


Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)JoTiL Angle .... 
ROny ja dekhaiteso aajkal... good very good! 
:)Loved the selective processing!Love the shot!!Excellent POVbeautiful angle!Fantastic shot.


Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)awesome angle..
really cool shotªRony Angle ta chorom.Beautiful perspective, great photo.Wow. Fabulous shot
Compliments, I like it; Please add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  groupBest pic I've seen in a long time -- superb!Great perspective!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!رووووعه 3jeebaa fav:O ! ya 2eelaaahy :P
ma hazaaa ! 

BEAUTIFUL &lt;3wonderfull O__O &lt;33333mashalla amazing :* missingYou &lt;/3ابدعتي

yaaay el9oora jameela
mithliich my mshh3l :p
a7biich annd miss youuh moot :'(
cannt waait to see youuh 
after 3 week's t8reeban :p

thanks!:D
nawaff ilglb: awh, you've counted them:-p i miss you much more:(!ahhhhh this image is full of beauty &lt;3mashael ya mashael! what can i say ? ilshot rheeba*_* the colors are amazing, w ilfocus (Y)__(Y) , 10/10 kl 3ada ;)&lt;3
love you :*Love the green tone 
great workpureheart&amp;mowza.Woow mashalla a great sense of photography sis u did an outstanding job there great focus and effect am inlove with this shot ib9ara7aaa :DD simply its a definite Faaav :D ... Keep up the Good Work !! :D T.Chhhhhhhhh yaa mn elmallal 3daaithum :pstunning !
 luved the soft colors 

iTS Gorgeous 

* * * * * &lt; 5 STARS for your great capturethanks for your stars:P7beebtii meshy elfnana
Faaav l3yonch :**&lt;3amizan picTjnnbeautifuL &lt;33 7dha Tjnn &lt;3نـآآآآآآآآآآآآآيس بكــــــــــــــــجــــــــــــــر
روووووووووعه الصوووووووره
www.flickr.com/photos/47316351@N06/4335225473/
ولكــــــــــــمـــــــــــــ  تــــــــــــــــــو مــــــــــــي
ـآحمـ ـآحم
:$ana here :$al focus wow :O♥♥so beautifulwonderfull wallathankyou!`maryam: thanksss loveee, fdet ilyy always encourges me:')! ana shswy mn donch:P?ياجمالها

رهيييبه من قلب .. ابدعتي والله

تسلم يمينجbeautiful.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.fantastic DoF, wow! and those colors are just surreal.
congrats on explore.Congrats on Explore !Amazing tone and perfect focus!gorgeous! really softBeautifulSuch splendid shadesWhat an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Bokeh and Beyond (post 1 - award 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!@@

OMG Haaazaaaaaaaaa3 w b6aaaaaaay

&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
yaa7beeelhoooom mn zmaaan 3nhooooom 

masha allah 3leeehom kbroo &lt;3 w hazaa3 t'3aayr shway xP

salmy lee 3ala '3anatee 
wallah lhaaa fgdh el 3ajoooz 
lait'ha trj3 flickr =(

thnxxx 7beebty 3al 9oorh wallah fr7t yom shft'hom
=***

w mn zman 3ank jaz x**walla bdoon ma ashoof ur name i knew it's ur shot !!
mobd3aaww cuteness!! mashalla.y7leelhm =* alaah y7f'6hm
mashallah &lt;3ما شاءالله عليهمmashalla 3laihm &lt;3 
yjaninoon !Mashalah yjnnon ❤
alah y7f'hm ;**waaaaaaaai fdeeethooom :*
cute portrait jazoi ♥♥♥♥♥
faved l3yoonSHmashallah &lt;333mashallahMashallahThey're so cute mashallahmashallah yejannon &lt;3 allah ye7feth'hommashallah allah y7f'6hm}Cuuuuuuuute ., ;*Yaaaaaay Cuuute Mashalla :*
allah ye7feth'homcuteماشاءالله الللللف :**cuute mashallah=* God bless both of them&lt;3So ADORABLE ♥ ;D mashalahwe had so much fun thak elyoom &lt;3
fdeeet'hm :( i miss them SO much &lt;/3Ooh b6ee w hazza3 ,, 
ya 7yach ,,Mashallah
Cuteee
Fdeethoummshallaah :**

MashallahYjaniinooon Miss their cute photos :)

**
Mashallah 3alehm w allah y7af'6hmHappy kids :) mashalah 3aleahum!!3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteAmazing&lt;3!Mashallah 3laaaihum&lt;3allah y7f'6hum..,fdeeeeet.hum mashallah :***MashAllh*mashalla cuute♥♥♥ejnnon Mashalla &lt;3thanks allhandsome boys masha Alllah 
love their smile &lt;3
Allah y7f9'hmyaa zeen el.model ya.nass ;p ween'hom 7lmzayn kthri mn'hom
Fdeet'hom rabi y7f9'hm ;*way mn zman 3nhum b6y&amp;hza3♥♥♥
allah y7f'9hum Mashallah♥ favedawww cuute ;* mashallaaMashallah :-)exploredالله يديمها من بسمه و يطرح فيهم البركه ان شاء اللهrabe y7fa'6hom :)Mashallaah
&lt;33333
Fav&lt;33Mashalla :**Mashallah ;)Cute Mshalla !الله يحفظهم :*فديتتتتتتهم يججننون  :]

ماشاء الله ^^cute mashalla 
allah ya7f'6hm 
:D:Dما شالله عليهم ربي يحفظهم :D Mashallah *mashallah 
allah ya7fe'6hom inshallah 
nice shot = )fdeethm &lt;3MashAllh!!!! Excelent image!!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.awesome
allah y7af'6hmMsahallah jmeleeen &lt;33فديييييتهم والله
خسااره ماكنت فالدوحه ولا لحقت عليهم
يابختج انج شفتيهم
ويستاهلون الفيف كردش ومردشربي يحفظهم*_*Really great tones!

Seen on FluidrNice reflections!que elegante : )wow^^sights and sounds, seen and heard in passing.mystery..beautifulAbsolutely great!!Excellent shot.Nice shot!!!Great reflections, tones and light.... fave!amazingbeautiful!Genial.!!!!Great capture!me encantaaNice reflections! Love itthis is like the best ever ive seen here

&lt;3

fave fave faveGorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!That is such a cute idea. Mom points for you +2only 2?  come on Paul.  I had to cut out all those rain drops and clouds.  a Pipe Cleaner and yarn sun followed today.Such a great idea :) i can't take the credit.  I got the idea here: colormekatie.blogspot.com/ but she painted hers on.Oh wow! This is sooo adorable!!
I wanna become a child again now :] you don't have to be a child to make rainbow rain above your bed!that is SO COOL diyosa!~That is freaking AWESOME.Soooo cool!so awesome.No way.It came out great! Mine isn't paint either. I make everything with poster board =)such a cute ideaI absolutely love this. i think you need to come over and visit.  oh, and bring the kidswow! this is so cool!! love the rain &amp; the umbrella!love it.whoa.Love this!!Oh Bedroom Rainbow!!!!beautiful!!!!so gorgeous &amp; I love the umbrella :)This is sooo sweet!adorable!I want rainbow rain in my bed room! :)Very Cool !!!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.This is awesome...Great idea!great idea, yes--you are cool mom of the day!!  :-) Hmmm, +12 then.how awesome is that!!!
I love the wall.haha soo sweet ;)so creative and gorgeous. 
The light here is amazing!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...totally awesomeCute! ^^wow this is so lovely!:DI love this! Great job.i sincerely hope my future children are into colorful rainy day projects like this :)NC never gets technicolor rain!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ooown ~

that's loooovely !! &lt; 3 3oh luv it a lot......... nice workbeautifulhow cool is that?!LOVE this so much :)This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.very cool idea.I know I'm 26 yrs old with a child of my own, but is it too late for you to adopt me? I never did cool things like these as a child.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Clouds Addict, and we'd love to have this added to the group!AWESOME! it's really cute :Ddiyosa, this is so cute, it's redonkulous.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

So cute !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!what a cuty idea...love it i think i wanna decor my room like yoursHi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!picture perfect!  great colors, and the sand in the foreground is awesome.  I'm usually not a fan of people in images like this, but this one works well, and the reflections are superb.  you have a winner.  nice work.Great work..I must concur with the above, super shot Joe. The light across the ridges on the 'sand island' is fabulous and the silhouettes of the mount and little girl work very well. Great sky and colours too. Good to read how you suffer for your art :o)LOVE this image! I like that you can look all around it &amp; find wonderful things! Beautifully captured! I'm glad you left the child silhouette in! Sounds like you had a wonderful time!  : )

NaturesFinest
Please add this great photo to Nature’s Finest 
Tag your photo with &quot;NaturesFinest&quot;Beautiful sky and congratulations for your first Front Page on explore!!!Beautiful shot! Must be an awesome place too..A pint down there...ok, i can live with that  Very nice, Joe...Great shotGreat stuff Joe, there's a lot of interest in the photo and I like the way the texture of the clouds seems to match that of the sand.Lovely shot of the Mount Joe, especially like the way the pattern in the clouds is similar to the pattern in the sand. (I've just typed that then read the comment above!) oh well great minds think alike.
I was just down the beach from here at the same time, but unfortunately my pics didn't work.

TonyPS
I've posted one anyway!Lovely capture, caught it beautifullyBeautiful composition, love the foreground!Really nice shot. The child and the reflection definitely adds to the photo I think. Maybe the rocks could be a little more exposed though?A glorious photo Joe , I like the raised patch of sand , reflections and silhouette and of course the  beautiful sky.

Brianbeautiful! :) love the reflection in the water.What a terrific shot, and a terrific evening as well. I think the child in the middle is a special part of this shot and looks like everything came together for you on that night...Beautiful and superb light indeed and the similar patterns in the clouds and sand are inspirational!Great reflection, nice work! :)Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.beautiful shot... very well planned. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)For a long time I actually thought that St Michael's Mount and Mont Saint Michel were the same place... but now I know better! :)

Although the mount isn't very clearly defined... I definitely think that you got a great shot here... those sand ripples and cloud reflections really make it for me!!

I'd kill to shoot Cornwall sometime!! :)Such wondrous tranquility.Another beauty, Joe. The figure not only adds scale, but a wistful mood. The reflections and light are perfect. Like Pete, I'm glad to hear how you suffer for your art :~)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Your usual terrific stuff!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Fantastic shot and really adds so much the young boy and his thoughful look at his own reflectionsYou have some beautiful work in your stream. Strong colourful presentations, all made with a good eye for lines and compositions.
Lovely work....great shots.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)LOvely lighting - I've never been - another one for the listOne more amazing piece of photography.So beautiful, hoping to visit this place this year!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )Beautiful light and textures

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!The figure of the child really makes this shot. I think a square(r) crop might be even stronger, but this is a beautiful scene.I definitely wanna go there someday! It's soooo beautiful!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Woooow!! This is amazing!beautiful as always! Great composition and texture! Youve got a really good eye.. Thank you for sharing :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??fantastic shot. amazing lightGreat work here my friend.

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)I like the reflections in this great shot.This is truly stunning!!!

As seen in Your VERY BEST ever
Our members appreciate YOUR very best ever!You really know how to use a foreground my friend.  Spectacular shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Landscape,Seascape,Skyscape QUALITY Photography! Post 1 Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Gorgeous!When we were here the sun was all wrong and poor clouds


Waterfalls happy to show you around in spring or summerBeautiful shot
i love itVery good capture! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Stunning shot, beautifully composed &amp; full of interest front to back.Incridible... great capture!!very nice shot of a stalk-eyed fly! TFS!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stalk-eyed_fly

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Uyyy....looks dangerous :O
Great macro.Amazing!You have some very strange bugs / great shotWhat a freak! Great Shot...Wow!   Bye the way, which Planet do you live on Rodrigo?Really good.
A beautiful lesson of life and its shapes!impresionante , sin palabras,feliz semanaamazing!Impressive! Strange and freak insect. Beautiful angle. Great shot.wooooooooooooooooow!!!!!!!!!!truly exotic, the eyes looks like a hammerhead shark.Wow what an incredible speciesOk, I think this guy takes the cake for being the funkiest-looking bug on your stream!  Your bugs really are pieces of eye candy.  Reminds me to get outside and hunt down all the bugs waiting to be shot in my garden now that spring's almost here.OOOHHH!! Male stalk eyed fly! Very cool! Where was this? Country or state will do because I'm not a STALDer! Ha ha get it? Ok sorry bad pun...superb, excellent capture.great job.....Creepy ....

Great shot and superb colors and light
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )nice portrait!Stunning shot.Muito interessante.Bela imágem!excellent macro againwow that is such an interesting creature
great shotExcellent capture!!! nice!!Weird and wonderful mate. 3D vision to the max.Very nice capture!!! Original and different!!ja! buenísimo!An astounding creature and you took an excellent shot of it!
Thank you for sharing and for all the work you put into making this superb capture.Can't say I have ever seen one of those before!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wow.. Cool little guy !  Nice find &amp; great macro :)LOL !!  Great shot!you are &quot;The Bug Whisperer&quot;!
i have never seen such cool bugs!
wonderful macro!wooooow! you always find the most strange insects. Beautiful shot. Im wondering how was the evolutive path that followed an insect like this oneSuper cool bug -- amazing collection of the most interesting insects I've ever seen!!  Great shot!what is this? Great shot!Excellent shot of this diopsid fly!!very unique..wow..superbly done ...happy monday - tankGosh! This is awesome shot.really impressed with your strange bugs...LOVE everything i see here!What a crazy looking fly.  Well done!Who is this guy?.......Great capture!!!!OMG i have never seen anything like this its incredible wicked captureSuch an abstract, but interesting creature!The diversity of flies!  Beautiful shot!one beautiful captureCool fly and a new one to me :)Tooo cooool!!Superbe Bestiole et excellente Portrait-Macro......nice capture. tfs!wow!

Amazing colors! Great macro, as usual!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called TopMacro, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Bellissimo primo pianoExcellent !!!Sir ibang klase 'to!I've always wished to see one of these. Brilliant job!!Wonderful shot!Crazy looking beast - great shot!



I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!Simply amazing.wow! kakaibang insekto eto.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Amazing, really impressive bug!Honga! parang hammerhead sharkGaling!!! Kaloka kunan nito... likot at hirap i-focus yung mata...lufet mo idol!!Strange bug, great shot!Beeautifully done.
i must say, they always bring a smile to my face in the morning.very beautiful
thank you my friend

I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!First time to see this, thanks for sharing.Gorgeous capture lovely photo.thats a great capture. quite difficult to get both the eyes focused.clean and nice =DAmazing !!!!
MikeNice and very weird!His eyeballs out on those poles - freaky!Buen macrovery nice shot, and what a cool bug!really beautiful captureyo,don't touch this...it's a mc hammer!
magnificient shot!Well done bro!!wow galing ng kuha nitong stalk-eyed fly ...frontal shot pa...sobrang likot
nito!!!
wow! so beautiful...great macro shot!Super shot of the weirdest insect I have ever seen.Wow ! I never seen this awesome insectMust be one of the more unusual insects I've seen ! Great macro, as usual ! Love how you managed to get a frontal shot !!Could that be a &quot;head&quot;?
It looks like the villain of the story.
Again, great macro!

I saw this wonderful photo in the group 
Bugsssss
DON'T FORGET TO COMMENT! Sweeper is active!Excelente toma ¡¡¡Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Spectacular Insects-invited images only//Insectos Espectaculares, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great shot, i saw a piece on these fly's by BBC natural life


wonderfulWhere do you find those strange bugs? :-)
Cool one...Bonita compo, colores y encuadre geniales.

Saludos.
RikyPomba!!!!!!!!looks like a pokemon !!!Crazy looking! Great shot!!! ALUCINANTE!!! .Buen trabajo amigo.Wonderful macro with great details.the insect as usual stunning by creature.Very interesting motive!My goodness it looks a bit out of balance or does that help its balance!! 
Perfect detail there ...*Macro-Life* This amazing Macro shot was seen and appreciated in the Macro-Life Group Post one Award one &quot;please tag your wonderful macro *Macro-Life* before adding to the pool.&quot;


*If you have great Macro shots like this check us out we would
love to have your macro shots in our group*Great shot 

Thanks for sharing.


Seen in ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS
All About Insects &amp; Spiders 


--
Seen in the group&quot;ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS  (Only CLOSE, CLEAR, DETAILED)&quot; (?)This beautiful photo was seen at:

&quot;The World Up-Close (Nature Macro)&quot;. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;The World Up-Close (Nature Macro)&quot; (?)Amazing hammer, great shot.Vi a sua linda fotografia no grupo
O PEQUENO GIGANTE – Só Macros.

Parabéns pela MARAVILHOSA fotografia!WOW Stalk Eye fly.... nice find and very well captured bro.Is that a real insect ?!?!
Thanks for your comment on the picture of my daughter.Very unordinary. Never saw something like that before! Thanks for sharing such a fascinating capture!Superb macro. Wonderful focus &amp; dof.Talk about alien looking creatures, amazing!Linda Imagem!!!

Nice Shot!!wow! that is a weird insect.
great capture. PHENOMENAL SHOT SEEN IN: 
MACROLIFIC IMAGE
 
*****MACROLICIOUS CAPTURE*****
Please tag this with &quot;MACROLICIOUS&quot;wow.... lovely!
Seen in ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS
All About Insects &amp; Spiders 
Diferente e belo !!!sweet shotwow - I've never seen that before. Beautiful photo and bug!
Seen in ALL ABOUT INSECTS &amp; SPIDERS
All About Insects &amp; Spiders 
Wow,nice find and lovely capture.nice find! kakaiba talga... hirap hulihin nito sir..great macro as always!magnifico docYou always find the weirdest bugs! You're amazing Rodrigo!this is simply awesome!! never noticed such creature before.wow. very pretty.
ive never seen a fly with such detail.. kind of creepy, but awesomeGreat shot.Interesante especie...Excelente macro.

Seen On Macro and
Super Macro Mania!!
You Deserve Another SMM Award!!
Interesante especie...Excelente macro.

Saludos.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE BEST MACROS (POST 1- Award 2) ~ SWEEPER ACTIVE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazinggggg!!! I have never seen this before.ouaa !! an other beautiful shot !! bravo !what a crazy looking fly! Wonderfully captured!excellent shot !!!It is great creatures, beautiful macro...!!!Excelente foto.uauuuuu.....eis um guerreiro!This is one unusual creature.

This macro capture is Definitely Extreme!

Your photo is invited to join

If you are not already a member then
please join our group of Extreme Macro Photographers.
Don't forget to comment once you have added this photo!
Thanks!

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Voo em formação já que não há air race ai para cima passa a ser o rola race e e heh eh ehMaíficas fotografias!Great shot of this pair. I think I prefer the bottom one as the back bird is just a bit sharper than in the firstBonitas fotos. Grande técnica de &quot;panning&quot;.
Gosto muito da segunda.muito fixes.Duas belezas!!!awesome shot!Soberba captura.Great in-flight shots.  Both thumbs up!!estão um espectáculo!!Os rola race estão um espectáculo.
Eh, he, he...em sintonia. bem apanhadas.E_s_p_a_n_t_o_s_a_s_
_E_s_p_a_n_t_o_s_a_sQue grande espectaculo!!!Fabulosas.Muito bonitasQue lindo par! Grandes fotos!5*****!ImpecÁVeis!Just for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand


www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera. 

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Beautiful pair in-flight shot, not easy to get.SuperbeFantasticas, que grande momento, muito bem captado, espetaculo.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Please read the group rules before posting.
Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated the Photo of the Day in  Photography News: Photo of the Day Group.
Please read the group rules before posting.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Distinguished Birds, and we'd love to have this added to the group!That looks delicious!! I'll have to try your method! Thanks!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Incredibly 'YUMMY'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work!Looks disgusting....yep I definately would not eat them....not even a crumb....I am not salivating right now or lusting over them....

I lie! Gimme gimme gimme!! (please)They look delicious!  Yum yum.  I may just try the recipe out this week!ooo - gorgeou.  which of her books is the recipe from?  I might have to make some of these...Mmmm, they look amazing! love the stars too!No idea which book I'm afraid had it saved on my computer!yum yumThey do look amazing.yum!YUM :-DdeliciousThey look delicious!Cookie monster loves your pic. I think its fab too.They do look rather tasty.OMG this looks so so yummy!!!Look oh so good.yum![drool]mmmmmm :oPYum!yum!! mmmmmmmm, ñam!!
hungry!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)They look delicious, send one my way please.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fantastic :)

I love the star effect...btw how did you do this?Damn they look good! I could really do with some of them tonight
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)These look great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Send some to Leicester please!mencantan las galletas de chocolate ! :D
is very original!Looks great, but it seems too complicated for me :))Gorgeous! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.Awesome light...I am a big fan of your work!Mooi weer hoor, prachtig gebruik van tegenlicht!that's lovelyThey are send from angels ... love that back light !

Maarrreee  euhhhhmm ... mother &amp; son?? No, I don't think solike it, well done.wat heb je toch een mooie eigen stijlSchitterend beeld Joep ! Ook prachtig licht een mooi kleurtonen !Erg sfeervolle opname!

Gezien in De DokaSuper shot.. given another twenty years they could almost be the couple I shot last week! love it :-)))Excellent cinematic mood!!

Seen on Fluidrnice lighting on them!.


Exquisite atmosphere!...
Well done.


.The 70-200mm f/2.8 is really stunning, you have to great shots using the D80, I was thinking of getting a D300s first then the 70-200mm f/2.8 later but looking at your stream has changed my mind and going to get the lens first, wonderful shotsWaw !! One more awesome shot :)
This is lovely, everything looks perfect :)Super cool ! I love the lights and colors.Woow.. cool.. shot!.. very cinematic..



 
Rated RAW by the RAW Street Photography group
(comment &amp; give RAW logo to 5 - 10 images for every 1 post)beautiful colors!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)WOW...amazing! No matter how many years pass!Hezká fotka.the husband looks like a zombie : )Nice and friendly people in the sun..  mooi eenvoudigbeautiful light, great capture! &lt;3Excellent cinematic tones!Nice shot man! You truly captured a moment here!Great! I love those muted, earthy hues. And the sunlight in the girl's hair.Some awesome light there, nice process as well man!Wat een heerlijke kleuren combinatie in je foto..................heel erg mooi!!!

JanwillemEcht geweldig! Echt prachtig licht.En dan nog op de... vogeltjesmarkt  !!!


Please share your shot at the Love It group: Love It Post 1/Always Comment 5!
Invited with SOS!superb !That light is awesome!Mooie foto zeg. Vind het licht rondom de bontmuts erg geslaagd!Ja dit deze is bijzonder fraai Joep, mooi bewerkt niet overdone met een lekkere openheid bij hun hoofden.
Die zachte tinten werken perfect bij dit soort foto's.very nice mood. love those  head/hair backlight..Beautiful....Another great back lighting. Your street portraits are superb.Love it. Love it. Love it. We need an extra category for faving. Bigger star or something....Niceeewonderful street shoot.very nice processing  how can i get similiar effect?amazing..
I like the highlights on the top of there hair..
Very stunning image =Dhele mooie foto, Joep. Ook met het licht.
OK, je was op de vogeltjesmarkt in mijn geboortestad...
Groetjes uit Bergen, Noorwegen.
--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. ( ?² )sweet..matches the tones.Hahaha aauww, nice one :) nice toning!Lieflijk, goeie dof en lekker donker
Kortom; Super!lovely shot man, beautiful coloursgreat street scene...with those golden halos and the overall blue tones.Remarkable image, very nice the light hitting the man !!oooh this is my dream !! grow old with the one i love and still hold hands, kiss, fight and love.
nice capture !!fantastic shot.Ha ha awesome really !
So well composed &amp; greatly processed, bravo Joep!Mooi licht ook op deze. En gave uitdrukking op het gezicht van de vrouw.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)these photos are so good too, I love that its completely unposed.  really captures people how they should look- quirky and with personality, not a face of make up and fake grins.Awesome shot!!!  That lighting is just perfect too.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Supermooi, heel subtiel!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Great street scene 
Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthprachtige plaat!Beautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called People Make Me Happy, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Hi! 

I have put together a photo blog from the images submitted to my group 'People Make Me Happy' that are my favourites and I wanted to check I could use this photograph. 
I will credit you and link it back to your flickr page.

Please give me quick message to let me know if you're interested

AmySure no problem!...how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*


www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU


 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Your image so beautiful....

Honour to invite you to be happy at:-

SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Guerrilla Street Fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Bit of water there, nice shadows, lights and colours.
well takenAs long as you are well Pat, that is the main thing. 
You really would need your wellies to go plodding about this yard. 
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Beautiful Shot.Hello Pat. Excellent image.

Best regardsNicely taken Pat, theres a lot of mud about and all them bales going to waste love the detail in the sky Pat well done!It looks as wet there as it is here.  Terrific Shot. The eye goes straight to the Blue container.Hi Pat---great to see a post from you today--Hope you are doing well--this is a great shot--excellent detail and color!
Have a wonderful  day--you and Katie!Great capture!I would definately wear my orange wellies here. Nice capture. Its fascinating how they wrap the bales up. Have fun :-)Nice shot Pat, lovely colour and texture.MagnificaExcellent capture!Very nice winter shot, have a nice dayexcellent compo and nice view PatReal life Pat....Great !!!!beautiful lights and shadows.very Beautiful Capture !!!Wonderful image!  Looks like it will take a while for that to dry up.  Love the composition and lighting.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)you have a knack for making the mundane look awesome! great workGreat shot Pat. Very muddy,One of my grand kids would love there lol!!!
Enjoy the rest of your day !!nice scene Patrick, nice to see you back. Hope eveything is going well.  laurenLots of water instead of snow. I like the light in this and the sky with clouds is something very beautiful in comparison to the wet ground and all that messiness there.
Great fieldscape!Great shot Pat...good to see you ,glad you are doing good....!!!Looks a little wet around there.  Great colors, and lighting.Nice capture...I like the tone. All the best with your project.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very muddy but a beautiful capture!
Hope you are doing fine and have a very good Sunday.Lovely working shot, looks mucky, muddy and great..Lovely shot Pat.....this pretty much sums up how i,m feeling today.....!!

Hope your well and life is good....!!Love the lighting here Pat, awesome shotWonderful shot, lovely rich colour.Bit of a jumble there Pat :-)
Nice capture and great light!Wonderful winter scene. It sure looks very muddy. Excellent lightingThat blue colour really livens up this winter shot.  All the best with your 'new project.'Sorry I've not been able to keep up with your images lately Pat. This one is great! Love the lighting and the great sky tones!cool shot, stay out of that mud 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)great!Look at all this mud!! Great light and colors!This place is not where I want to walk ;) Great capture!Una composicion con muchos elementos y contrastes en color,,,
como siempre es su linea,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,genial,,,,,,,,,,,,,,abrazos Pat.Nice composition and tones!Looks like a battlefield ! !Great detail!Cracking capture Pat :)Must interesting image—texture, color and lighting is very pleasing.Mud never looked better or sharper Pat!!! Good photo and nice to see you here again :o)Good Luck with the new project Pat,love this shot and the way the sky is reflected in the puddles :Dunique capture.Hi Pat..so glad to see one of your superb images again, missed the super clarity and depth of your shots too.! Anyway good luck with your project (sounds very intriguing) All the best..:-)Nice shot Pat...  I wouldn't want to have to walk far in that mess!I'm thinking your &quot;separate project&quot; involves cleaning a pair of boots...

Good luck with that, Pat! :)Good picture and lighting, the title does say it all !!fantastic composition and light :-)What  a mud...great capture Pat!Beautiful lighting...Good luck on your project!
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great capture of this muddy scene, would hate to have to go into it for stock food.  It has made for a very interesting shot.Great capture of the muddy farm yard, Pat... the blue in the center 
really pops..  It's nice having you back &amp; glad everything is OK.
Have a wonderful new week ahead.looks muddy and slushy!

keep wellHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.AwesomeGreat picture, wonderful  tones and lightingShapes are amazing.  And the touch of blue again!Stunning! Perfectly composed!Hi Pat, nice to see you farm scene again and this one is quite wet but beautiful.....enjoy your new project Pat!Great shot Pat of a real working farm. It is pretty much like that here.. everything is brown and frost bitten and wet and mucky after the big snow.  Hope you are enjoying your projectgood to see you Pat, nice winter shot!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Amazing colours, almost surreal scenery!Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed.
I really like!!!Messy places farmyards but great photographic opportunities too it seems? There are some great colours here and the light is lovely. The sky is my fave part but the blue bales are a close second. Wonderful capture Pat and I hope you're enjoying your project?Grim side of farming - the summer is the upside - glad to hear you're active Pat - go for it mate!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Nicely composed shot showing up all that mud well. 
Roll on better weather,

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)Congratulations on Explore !Love the light and composition - great textures
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Olá, Pat:O)
Lovely composition! wowww, a real working farm...great!!!
hugs!you bring the farm to lifeHi, I'm an admin for a group called Lovely villages, fields, meadows, swamps, lakes &amp; forests, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the detail and processing Pat.  Have fun on your Flickr break 
and good luck on your project.Beautiful light and textures.
Nice capture.Wonderful light.... even mud can be atractive if well captured!Yuck - don't forget the WelliesNot sure how I missed this, its wonderful.  I love the jeavy sky and the textures in the mud.Beautiful colour! nice.I like this scene! Great shot
Have a great week, Pat!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photography News: Photo of the Day, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fantastica!Hope you are keeping well xNice work! I love your new project!Love this.excellent workinstant fav.... &lt;3love it love it love it!love love love
all of it&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3You put so much thought and detail into your work... I admire you so much.. this is just very cool.. and WEEEEEE for the Grover cup!!!Wow. So Wonderful!  Great Job!This needs to be a print.super creativity.... a very classy work :) I like this so much!absolutely beautiful message. &quot;be the change&quot; has been a motto I've tried hard to teach/ compel the teens I work with to embrace! :) thanks for the great photo.o i love this.. really powerful yet put in a way that everyone can understand.. love it!!!amazingly done.I imagine you and Ghandi would have an amazing conversation. He would probably make me feel very horrible about my life... 

Love this photo, Joel.You rock &lt;3I love this!! =D 

And, we were just talking about Ghandi in school a few weeks ago...

Civil Disobedience. :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called Nur Moo's room_* (solo su invito), and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love this. So poignant. :)This is beautiful... both in concept and execution. Gorgeous work with the textures and editing.this is awesome, i agree. ghandi is awesome too. love the editing.Really well put together, and a great sentiment. Good work.It took me a minute to see the image of Gandhi -- so cool!I love the brownish coffee color :D looks like an old postcard ^^
great concept ^^
I'll go with the idea of having a cup of coffee and talk to those people you admire, that would be an exciting and interesting conversation.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i absolutely love this look. i did a very similar looking shot towards the end of my year one 365... it looks like we used some of the exact same brushes.  the message is stellar as well. instant fav!Great shot !!There is so much I love about this one.  
You are so freaking clever, too!!  You absolutely blow my mind!beautifully done - very delicate, and very awesome.A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely......how much is that doggie in the window*woof woof* the one with the waggily tail *woof woof*
.... how much is that doggie in the window *woof woof*

www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AkLE4X-bbU

 ...This song for you today, you'll feel fresh and enjoy:)


Honour to invite you to be happy at:-
SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO THE SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY incredible man. creative and amazing execution. kinda baffled on how you did this. did you actually print the paper first? whatever you did...just awesome!fantastic. the texture &amp; processing is really awesome, I don't know how you did it, but just amazing.oh my god i love this.
the watercolor (?) art....
the coffee mug with your hands wrapped around it. 
the idea. layout. perspective. lighting.
i love everything about this.wow...this is so awesome!YOU ARE Amusing,Beautiful,Creative,Dynamic,Engaging,Fun,Groovy,Hilarious,Insane,Jovial,Kooky,LOL,Manic,Nonsensical,Original,Poetic,Quirky,Rare,Stupendous,Talented,Unreal,Virtuosa,Whimsical,XO,You and Zaney!
whew.....really love your work.  :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!What an interesting capture! 

Seen in Explore.love this)That is wonderful!!!Great light; love this photograph.Beautiful light. Looks like a painting.What is that parked in the breezeway??Great capture. Lovely sky. The early bird, and all that....Beautiful!  Love the soft light and the old structures, and the lonely feel of the image.  Looks like the barn is leaning toward the house, with very little distance between them.You can see spring coming in the change of the light.  I know its a ways off for you yet, but you can see its approach.  We aren't far away at all anymore around here.  A month from now the grass will start to green up and the weather will start getting warmer.Thanks everybody! 

Bob -that's an old Chevy grain truck.Love that morning light! That's the time of day I most often get out too.Beautiful morning light.  Awesome capture.Beautiful colors - beautiful photo !The light is pretty and those old barns are defying gravity.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Beautiful sky.Everything about this photo is wonderful, Rick!Great light, great composition.  Very nice, Pastor!Great find and really great background sky.Lovely image!I love the many subtle colors in this photograph.  Fine work,RickThe morning light is beautiful! ...A terrific capture of colors on the old buildings.Really wonderful.  Love the soft morning light.  Very serene and peacefulWhat a beautiful setting against that lovely morning light!Beautiful colors - love all the snow!Love the color...Beautiful shot!
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Well composed and beautifully captured my friend!!!
Please add your wonderful photo to:
I would be up super early every morning if this could be seen.....how blessed this makes me feel.....gives me goose bumps!  Instant fave.....
 Your Absolutely Stunning 'Scape should be shared with our group. Please join us and comment on 1 other 'Scape. Invited Photos Only. Please tag your photo with &quot;AbsolutelyStunningScapes&quot;Beautiful!!!beautiful colors

Seen on FluidrHi, I'm an admin for a group called in the mood  /post 1 - award 2, please/ , and we'd love to have this added to the group!very very nice work..nicely doneTremendous Work!
This is a Big Fave !!!

www.flickr.com/groups/35faves/Great winter shot...congrats on Explore!Beautiful composition and feel. Lovely light and buildings. Wonderful use of simplicity and softness. Congrat's on Explore. Have a nice week. Thanks.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Barns of the World., and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks everybody!Thanks for sharing in ☆The Power Of Now ☆group ♥Beautiful shot!

Seen on FluidrGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthLovely colors and really nice capture!This is really good! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.That is breathtaking!!!such beauty!what a beautiful scene.....very peaceful and the colors are excellent.  congrats on a great capture!1happy birthday !HBD-Happy Birth Day Sweety :*H.B.Daaaaay (^)(^)H.B.D ;)awwh amna :) you deserve much more than what have ever been done to you! enti lw ajeeb lch el world kla isn't enough :p not even close ..
you're more than welcome, i hope you really enjoyed it :D it's once in a year and enshalla we made it unforgettable ;)
to the rest of the girls who helped, i have to thank you guys for putting a smile on my sister's face :p:p
ILOVEYOUSOVERSYDAMNMUCHAMNAMYONEANDONLYSORELLA:*
and can't wait till your sweet 16 -0-
H.B.Dhappyy birthdayy :D you deserve it :*
lyyy forever&lt;3!&lt;3.Oh! AMNA this cake is so amazing *___*
&amp; the italian flag on it ;)
you worth that sweetie ;*
w 3gbal el million years b33d :Dhappy birth day (^)happY b-daaaaaaaaaaay ;*you deserve it :*Happy B-Dayhappy birthday! H.B.D &lt;3 H.B.D.27beebti amna you deserve more than this :')
it's nothing for you x'D 
uugh italian cake :O 
8drti takleenh wla 5leeti el cake thkra Lool :PHappy BirthDay (^) &lt;3ily amna.&lt;3:O&lt;3You deserve much much much much much more &lt;3
w elcake mn chbd tshaaahhii :O
oh 9a7
a5bar elkinders ? 5al9o wla xp ?happy birthday ;)happy biirthdaayhappy b-dayyy amna ;)♫ alma  A5! to2breeni sorella mondo migliore 
ugh! i so love you and im so thankful to you four making my birthday unforgettable :&quot;)&lt;33
I LOVE YOUH  bella xo 
`Joozy  tii amo ragazza :&quot;D&lt;333 
`doodz★  thank you ya a7lla w ajmal 7ameeda bildnyya :p:* ily
First Step *  LOOOL :&quot;D! shoo b7biik :* 
Amna☮ ily more.
Tringo' ugh! 5ll999 x&quot;(! mn thaneyy youm 5ll9 :&quot; :p 
bs a7lla kinder eva ;'') :p ti amo (L)

 THANK YOUH ALL :* yoooou deserve it 7abeebty *_*&lt;3(:this is so cool &amp; thanks for adding the texture in the comments!
i love this &lt;3LOVE the first in the commentsSuch a wonderful overlay!this is so beautiful, tascha
and i want your letter fast please :(cool!LOVE!This, is, AWESOMEI loooove this!Wow!! really amazing! The purple works sooo well! xsoooooo good.her lashes make such a great impact.Wow!galactic greatness.

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called New Directions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful blending of the images.Cool shot
EXCELLENT IMAGE!!!

Seen in
DIAMOND HEART (Post 1-Comment 3)the hair looks so gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Great Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love this!  she looks like a fairytale princess!
have fun in liverpool:)PS yes take loads of pics!these colours are gorgeous :)!i think the perspective of this really makes it stand out from other galaxy/star pictures. i really like it  yaaaay fdeeetny ana el1st ;$ 
fdeeeeat ely 5lany el1st 
RMXO ya el8beeee7 LOv u walla ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (a) ;$
RMXO ; حبگ عذآب ۈترگ حبگ مصيبـہ ., { يعني على آلۈضعين مآمن سلآمآت
RMXO ; ان كان ودك تعرف ،، احساس مغليك ...! إحسب نجوم الليل ,. وادبل عددها ♥♥♥
RMXO ;  &lt;---- يـاشين الـــوقت من دونــه}~ 


Rmxo  [ yew konw it‘s true evry Thing i Do .. i Do it 4 yew ♥♥ ]  


Loviiiiiich  :**♥Fdait 56ch :$ :$ 
Fave 
Love yew ♥♥
{ amazinG ~Amazing ♥mashalla 3lech fnana.. .♥.♥

walla mbd3a..♥.♥

b59o9 il pic 

tjnnnnnnnnn

♥♥.. Looove u 
yaaaaaaaaaaah yaaaaaaaah 5a6eeeeer walla Rmxo 
m3 al.face Love u ;$
FAV;DNiceAmazing
Love U ;***ilwords;)!♥♥- Amazing &lt;3Gr8حلوه :) 

Amazing { .. ! 

Keep going up ,,,3jeeba..
&lt;3ly Taken..
you're welcome to my page Hope to see your commentNiiCe =)Lovely♥♥كيييوت :* !
&lt;3

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرsure fav :'O7abiit &lt;33lovelyAmazing ya 7lwa&lt;333Lovely &lt;3nice =)

www.flickr.com/photos/dandoonah/4338027024/
Ya fnana (Y)
Amazing il picture 
Fav l3yoniCh 
loveU Rmxo ;*** &lt;33woOw 

Amazing 

raw3aaaaaaaaa

&lt;3 it

malhaa 7al al9oora


nice pic walla


3geeeeeeeeeeeba 


ebdaaaaaaaaaaaaaa3


comment me pllz 


=)fav-
FAV

ان غبت عني
 نبض قلــــــــبي يناديكــ 
الله لا يحرم خافقي من غرامكــ 
♥........♥



love U 

(k)(k)(k)(k)(k)

Faaadeeeeeetk dude ,,
al piC Raaaaw3aa Mn 8alllb ;p
keep it FoOoOo8 ,, 

sure FaaaaaV*

faved ya zeeenhawell taken 2booyNice Pic
Keep Going ;)agwa fave&lt;33fav
GF&lt;333*;
Amazingalla 3l shot , jad 7beeeetha 
well done (Y) 
,
Fave ;Dnice picWell done , Fave (L)Aha,
fdeet almodel:P
a7bbch RORO:Pamazing ♥awh, jamellahamazing
niCe..

KeeP G..&lt;33 

&lt;333lovely focus..Lovely taken ,, Love it ;)it &lt;'3&lt;3333 ufav w ana m'3m'9a &lt;3♥Amazing,, Fave

a7bbbbbbb,ch Oo a7bbbbbbbbbb,ch Oo b3d a7bbbbbbb,ch =&quot;$fav
COMMENT .. [http://www.flickr.com/photos/25344096@N02/4337484975/]Faveeeeeeee !
comment my Pllz ;)PerfectR O W 3 A ..*Well done (Y) 
Fav :**tjaneein ;**&lt;3Ya wailly 3alGF &lt;333Favraw33ah 

coment me plz new picNice aL piC ;)
Trtooooob mn 8llb :pPwell done .. Fav *Favsuperb shot♥♥♥♥♥
عذااااااااااب ..Yay Tjnn Hun ♥ ♥ ''Faved''nice3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + notewondrful capture , i loved el lighting and also the idea 
well done sis :D
Ya Lbeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh ana
Fedaaitch wala
Miss U 5blooh 
بوسه من عندك حبيبي ، تسوى عندي الدنيآ كلها ! .=p
A777777777777777777777777b.ch
FAAAAAAAV &lt;3 GFWell Done
amazinG ;**
well done .. Fav &lt;3Gorgeous! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Aamazing &lt;33 lovely 
akeed FAVlovelyFAV

nice 3mri

Miss U waaaaaiid  ;P

mooooooo7 rw3aMshalla 3leeik (L)omg completely adorable outfit~love!!!!!!!!!!!absolutely precious! i LOVE her tutu &amp; boots w/ her red coat!! so adorable!! ;)since it has just crossed the mid-night mark here, Let me be the first to say &quot;Happy Bench Monday!&quot;

Adorable tutu and coat! and boots ;)Thanks ya'll!  It's good to know I'm not the only one surfing late at night.  Why do I always procrastinate when it comes to packing a suitcase?  I'm terrible.So adorable ... love her little outfit! HBM!! I still haven't taken mine - yikes!Have a safe trip, enjoy as much as possible and take care :-)
Happy Valentine's greetings in advance :-)Wonderfully pink! HBM!Super cute!  HBM!Beatiful!!!!
HBM!!!Very cute bench shot! Have a great week, HBM!!!=)Just gorgeous!  Love the red coat with the pink tutu!  HBM!simply adorable, hbmSoo sweet. 
HBM!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~ Cutee feet ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

adorable!:)So sweet...wonderful shot!... HBM!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )Theres that wonderful pink tutu and red coat combo that I love!  Oh and the boots too:)  So cute!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Such a pretty &amp; precious pose! The perspective, natural light and grown-up Uggs are all wonderful! :)Super sweet!!! HBM!awe....love this!!!! HBM!!!!!pretty in pink - happy bench monday  xAww this is adorable! Love her tutu!!!! HBM!so adorable!  HBM!awww i always love this shots!this is very cute...hbm!!:)Tutus and Uggs!  Perfect!It's adorable!!!gorgeous!really cute bench monday!  congrats on explore too!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)LOVE the pink tutu!  HBM!awww....the Ugg's and tutu is such a cute combination!  Beautiful tones here too..hbm!  Enjoy your conference!Too adorable! I love her pose and that tutu and boots are just the cutest together. HBM!AHHHHH this is so darn cute!  Love this!suoer cute :)))super cute!!great little outfit!This is so precious! I just love her little red coat...and the way her arms are crossed so sweetly. Such a darling bench Monday!
 HBM(belated)!love  her outfit as usual, she always rocks it!
her red coat is PERFECT!
I'm so glad you posted this, hope you're having a nice safe trip!ahahha so cute &lt;3 i loveThis is sooooo perfectly girly and so sweet!! I love the pink tutu and the red coat! Hugs honey! Maaaaaashalla ;) 

alla ya7f'9ha an shalla ..

Mashalla ...

&lt;33 al word .. ^_^mashallahيآقلبي  ،  حلوهـsweet pic and cute model ..MashalLah &lt;33 so cuuute ♥&lt;3LY word‘$ &amp; idea ~
** dom hl-2btsamh ]so sweet
MashalLah
^_^

comment me
www.flickr.com/photos/39300644@N02/4338387556/ 
 Cutttte` mashalla*;) 
nice...
exploredA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
mn 8lb row3a el pic sis 
tslam ymnch el 9ra7a 
^_^.
.

Beautiful .. ㋡
Mashallah &lt;3

.
.Gorgeous photo...Excellent exposure!!!An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
~CONTESTS~ Enter/Vote now
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;Love it!There you go again - blowing us away with your stunning photography!Reminds me of the movie, Jeremiah Johnson.yep. definitely looks like he's got something to say, LOLBeautiful shot, what a wide country!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wow.. really cool.. love that open country!! :-)
beautiful scenethis is just beautifulLOL, great capture!Is there 50 stars on that flag? It looks like he might be about two centuries late for the partyWow, very cool. Great image!Hey! Welcome back! :) Nice photo, but the hat... Mmm, I guess I wouldn't react so much if the legs weren't still there, silly, because a furry hat without the legs are just as much a dead animal as this one with legs... I guess I'm full of double standards... *sigh* Maybe I feel that this is more like making fun of the dead animal, and not just a way to keep his ears warm. Ah well, never mind, it's really nice to see you back! :)LOL, these are the shots you pray for. Nice job capturing it so sharp.Great lighting.  I wonder if the rider does Mountain Man Rendezvous.  Great hat....interesting contrast of the hat with the flag bedroll.Interesting image: looks like you were back in the 19th century. What sort of chap carries a flag around with him? What sort of chap wears a dead raccoon on his head? So many mysteries...Fantastic shot !Re: What sort of chap????  by sam2cents above......made me chuckle.........and my answer would be.......&quot; The right sort of chap&quot;.....~~ neat shot!!might be a time traveler?..great shot...looks cold...yes the red bluff bull sale is over...thank goodness...the weather was nasty for the first 3or 4 days...then nice them nasty again...we did fair...we have the bulls up and coming for next years...we have some female sales we go to in escalon and turlock...we and some other people are putting together our own female sale...here in red bluff...first ever...that will be in may...hope it goes well....everything is busy. busy...keeps me out of trouble...darm it.!!!!..take care...patsyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Photos of QUALITY  to Smile About /POST 1 COMMENT ON 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

your work is always breath taking to look at so brilliant always hugs my friend
----------------


Your photo is &quot;A&quot; Class
Please, consider adding this photo to &quot;A&quot; Class group 
invited with SICI (2009-05-25)superb view and shot
seen in exploreThis is just so color.   Love the striped blanket,  adds just the right amount of color.   Interesting capture taken from behind.   Wonder what &quot;barack&quot; was up to.
Love those mountains in the background.Beautiful capture! Well done!
Nice perspective in the background!I like the racoon-head cowboy. Nicely taken shot.


Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Kaleidoscopic Vision, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You're awesome!
I passed by your place today....We need a good chat....call me!This is a realy cowboy! Great shot!beautaiful shot !* Excellent *I accidently stumbled onto your photostream thru one of my contacts.  Amazing photos and the talent presented is astounding.  I have read several of the magazines your work has been featured in.  WOW!!This is great, what a neat run in;-)The hat rules...sets an instantaneous feeling for that moment in time.  Sweet elemental light~~glad you're back.  Oh...and the snow...Great shot, congratulation!OMG...such a classic shot!  LOVE it!Thank You - Comments and Graphics!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I got a hat like that to , maybe I should have a friend take my pic ;)

Fav++++

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Riding out into the wilderness...can almost feel the cold air in the photo!Definitely a character... nice wintery shot too... brrrrrrrrrrr!My husband rode his horse to town one day and came home with a guy that was riding his horse and packing a mule. We put him up for the night. He said he was going across the country. Wonder if it is the same one? 

http://www.glitter-works.orgHi Cowboy
took some time off to CHILL
catching up 

awesome light contrast from top of image to bottom
his pack animal is empty ?I could look at this all day.  In some ways I feel I just stepped back 100 years.  It is just beautiful.

Yes, I do love snow and my family is sick of me saying that!  LOL.  But we are now entering the stage where it is starting to melt and everything is just 'all brown' so I'm ready for it to go now.  But I agree, I love true winter with lots of snow.:) I love the image :) suprised he didn't dock the legs of his hat ...Very interesting shot!  The horses and scenery is absolutely beautiful!  
Wonderful capture!Beautiful comp but... does that guy know he has a varmint on his head?????This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Never in Ireland ,  what a fantastic shot the hat the flag and the snow I just love every thing about  one of your best BillJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)great picwow!I've been anxiously awaiting another promised photo of this beauty haha.  great shot!nice job! :DSuper Cool !!!love to see a making of! cool shot!What car rig did you end up with?sweeeet :)Saving up for one of these myself, did you end up with the RS or SS?
Amazing Color and photo!Gahhhhhhhhhhholy sweet jeebus... @@&quot; wooow, amazing one .. &quot; love it&quot; So, how do you drive it and shoot it at the same time? Or is that a custom function on the mkII that I missed? ;-)Woww.... amazing!!wow amazing shot!!incredible shot!WOW! what a beauty!Oh shit, son!  That is hot.ah, i hate having a 2 door car. :( nice shot though.They should pay you for this shot - I want to go buy one NOW!That's heaven shining down on some unholy wheels.bad ass!eh.
over done on the headlight beams i think.WOW!Wow, thats amazing. I'm awed by your skill both as a photographer and your skill with Photoshop. 
faveOutstanding photo!Great shot of a hot car.wo00owAwsome shot man!Great shot!!!dont get me wrong, this photo could be on the print ad of that car..nice picture!Nice shotmy dream car....beautiful lighting! great editing.now that is a nice car! damnfantastic - love the movement in the background aaron. and the light coming down from the top fantastic!!

can i request a cheesy self portrait avatar style? would love to see your spin on it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)camaro?? 

you have a dream car man!!

I only will change it for a mustang! :-Pgreat shooT!very nice
love the light and the way of speedcongrats on ur new car
not just new...its a fantastic car
very well executed shotWow thats all i can say... I have yet to do anything like this but when i do hopefully i can get a great angle like this!Beautiful !!Damn...wow!!!

I have ordered suction cups and super clamps... can't wait to get them to try them with my car!!! :D
I really consider yours as THE reference :D

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great image as always Arron, but also well planned.
Because of the side mirror you cant tell if there's somebody in there or not (well, there should be, buy knowing your work a bit I guess the car was standing still.. ;) )Cool photo, great work.

--
Seen in some comments. (?)fearsome :-|Puff, great Job. Congrats!!!! It´s awesome. Great editing.beautifully takenFantastic!  Love the new car!nasty (in a good way)Ah bueh!

Yo quiero un tutu así.Oh yeah!Great work... again !awesomeperfect...as always ;]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magia fotografica, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice!congrats! :)Nice choice man... Well capturedgreat one!You are my new car shot hero!lovely treatment!Ah, looks like this is what they drive in Heaven.excellent!!Incredible shot!Wow!! 
Now I'm waiting for the Making of : )Excellent work..... Parece que ruge....Well now. This is just sexy! :) So amazing!gahh beautiful carawesome!amazing...you bought that car so you can do awesome photo shoots with it eh? Awesome shot!wow, dramatic, intense, stylish, worthy of the cover foto!the heavenly father shines on the badass automobile lol i like ittamazing !Nice shot, awesome car! I love the rays of sun!woooo, nice!!!!Awesome. :)stunning !sweetnessI love that carMondo!!!!!*drooling*.....Fantastic!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)You aren't enjoying that car, now are you?Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Great!Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!what a beautyAwesome!3.6L V6 or 6.2L V8? :)Fantastic Photography!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tu mejor toma/Your best shot, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oooooooo wowBeautiful shot.
Excellent composition, I really like the details and lights.
A great job!Not even the automotive photographers of record are safe! Lessee some 'making of' details Aaron!Excellent shot.Dayum, awesome shot!!!I love your reflection photos!This is wonderful. Just a little peek.i like this composition, with half of the picture just the walli love your sneak peeks into cafes. lovely colors, too.Splendid!such a gorgeous imageoh, wow.Awww fantasticLoving the composition here.lovely shot!Damn!love how this only tells a little of the story and leaves you wanting moregreat composition!! I love that little peek in the  in the window!love this!Sigh...I love this.this is supercool. i like the anonymous nature of this one.
fabulously composed!!hai colto un momento importante&lt;3omgg 
la t'9ay8en ro7ch 7yati hathyy el.dnya(w)!
bs mhma 9ar i will be with u 4ever 7taa lw ma kna wayid m3 b3'9;d!
adore u 7bebtii(F)el.video really wow!!fave aked *
,
هونهااااا بالصبر وتهون !!!Gr8 1 :)perfect work !

=(

تعور القلب الكلمات اهيئ اهيئ خخخخ

FAV

(Y)

^^
niCe``
FAV~fav FAV &lt;33

FAV =&quot;(فيُ خآطرِيُ .. 
وِش خآطرِيُ ..
 ؟ خآطرِيُ ضآق .. 
Fav 
مشكوِرِيين ..nice

wallah raw3aaaaaa

comment me Yjnn ♥ Fav* ~)'''''''''''''''''''=

حزين الفيديو رواضي ,, ليش الحزن يالغاليه 

هونيها وتهون فديتـج 

)=FAV
=(Favقد مره حد قالج انج فنانه ؟
ياخي وربي مبدعه !
الكلمات خيااال !!!
فييف وبالقووو .Woow ! &lt;33
Faaveـألكلمآت سسم ^.^

ماشششاءالله عليج وربي يوم عن يوم يزيد فنج وابداعج .. 

دمتي مبدعة و دمتي في حفظ الله ورعايته
faav* :&quot;) 
 -__-&quot; 
FAV : )يسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسسلام عليج بس  :P

ذيبة ذيبة  :P

لاهنتي وواصلي 
=)

N i c e Shoot 

F A V

Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.! تعجبني إختيآرج للكلمآت ..
فنآنه وذوقج رفيع الصرآحه .. 
والفلآش وآيد حبيته مع الكلمآت وخلفية الورده ..
طآلعين فنتك مب نآقصهم شي ..
ربي يقويج الشيخه ونترقب يديدج ..
تستآهلين الفيف ..
=D ..ابداآآع الفيديو :)
fav

Rouda ♥ 
ya 56eeeeeera 
fanana shoy 3lecccch 
mn 8lb alword :&quot;(
sure fav ;)
Love U ;$ روضة الفيديو
وبصراحة وبدون زعل
مره مره خطير ورهيب
وربي عجبني بقوة 
الفيديو والكلمات
والصور اللي فيه
والله بقوة ابدعتي غلاتي
تسلم يمناج يالغالية
وربي يحفظج
وفي انتظار المزيد والجديد


فيف لعيونجمشكوِرِييين وِآلله 
آسعدِتوِنيُ بـ مرِوِرِكم ^_^ ..حرام كسر الخواطر ;)
فيني خليط اشوااق باشوواق بااشواق
الله عليج 
ابدعتي الشيخه 
وفيف7abeeeeeeeeeeeet elkalmat :| &lt;3333
fave :DExplore ;Dمساء الخير اختي روضه

الصراحه فيديو  رائع , وكلمات معبره  عن حاله معينه , يمر فيها اي شخص انا وانتي وفلان وفلانه وناس ما ينعدون

ابيات تدخل الي القلب والضمير وتحرك اشياء ميته من زمن طويل

عمل متواضع ولاكن  راقي بمعانيه وبمستواه 

اتمنى لج التوفيق ولنا جميع ان شاء الله 

:)

--
Seen in some comments. (?)

7lwh elwords waiid
faave ;DRW3Aاللله
كثثثثثثير رايق
لاهنتي شيختيه~{Wooow 3jeeeb =')..,يعطييكم آلعآفيية ~ (F)ضمني بالحضن عن(( برد الشتاء))
و((دفني)) لاصارت الدنيا ((جليد))
ضمني بيدين مليانه(( دفا))
وأعطني حبك وغيره ماأريد
لامتى بصبر حبيبي لامتى ..؟
وأنت عن عيني بعيد؟؟
مااهتنى نومي ولا جفني غفا
اشتعل بركان وأشواقي تزيدإنا ما اقدر اتصل بك تدري ليش؟
الدكتور قال لي ابعد عن الحلي الزايدA stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...روووووووووووووووووعه 


واخراج مرره حلوو

تسلم ييك

واصلي ابداعكWell done
I agree, this is definitely a

If you have not already done so, please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/
After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShot
:&quot;( &lt;/3مقطع وايد حلو تسلم يدجexplore=''!!
deserve it mn glb &lt;//3!a5 :(Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ***Flickr Global, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.labai liuks! kaip kadras is gero filmo!is kur tu jas trauki? cia visos vienishos mamytes ?:)Sikart ji mane 'istrauke' :)Vau, kaip gražu !!!Super!puiku! 
man tavo foto labai fantazija zadina.. kazkaip kiekvienai foto bandau kazka pritaikyt, isivaizduot.. sukurt istorija.. smagu!nuostabu!!!!Dekui Ediper :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called BLACK AND WHITE ONLY! - (POST 1, MUST COMMENT 3) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanks.Thank you Jens ;)35mm is marvellous. I like the atmosphere of the room.

seen in:
BLACK AND WHITE ONLY! - (POST 1, COMMENT3)wow, very good too! I like a lot!Wonderful shot dear!!!
Really love it.Thank you :)Pasidariau tavo gerbėjas... ;) Taip, kad mano pagarba, šiam darbui... :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tintinian's Favorites/Post one = award one !, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This amazing shot is
awarded as Outstanding! 

Tintinians Favorites ! (invite only) 
Post 1 - Comment 1Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Sigi's &amp; Tintinian's Portraits &amp; People - P1/C1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;La fretta nel vestito&quot; / flying moments of witnessed lives, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wonderful photoThis amazing shot is
awarded as Outstanding! 

Sigi's &amp; Tintinian's Portraits &amp; People (invite only) 

Please remember to Award one image for every one postedGorgeous...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!fascinating compositionthank you :)very cool shotSchitterende foto, tijdens het hardlopen gemaakt?

Ben aan het herstellen na een fikse verkoudheid, ik hoop in de loop van volgende week weer te lopen.@jos - joo, gisterengroße klasse - eins von den bilder wo ich sage - das hätte ich auch gern (geknipst)!Sfeervolle foto...mooi!Prachtig perspectief Uli...............hele gave plaat!!!

JanwillemPrachtig de mistige sfeer!Mir gefällt wie der Weg im Nebel verschwindet - so bleibt die Frage offen, wo führt der Weg hin? Eine sehr schöne Stimmung.En weer dat perspektief Uli.
Erg mooi.Als Läufer kommt man ganz schön rum. Sehr gelungen.auch im februar kann es novembertristesse geben...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Perfekte Aufnahme!Klasse Stimmung! Tja der Winter soll ja wieder richtig loslegen!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)@dirk - leider ;-(  ...vielleicht haben wir im westmünsterland glück mit eienem blauen, statt weißem auge davonzukommensehr schön Uli, jetzt darf das Wetter besser werden!Das Wetter ist mir lieber als der ewige Schnee.Richtig stimmungsvoll!Spannend, daar in het bos!! ;-)Eine stimmungsvolle Aufnahme!mystisch .... wie der Weg zu einem Zauberwald ... toll!!
(..Programmierung ok? ;-)Prachtig licht Uli.

Gefeliciteerd met je Explore.Really great capture.fantastic atmosfere!!! great conversion in B&amp;W.I love that this is candid. Oh my gosh, so perfectLOVE THE CAR &lt;3 hahaathis is suchhh a dang good pictureohh this is pure genius.the focus on your photos is always so crisp, it's beautiful. and this is amazing.I love the suitcase, the whole picture just seems so... old timey, I guess.i'm so glad you got the shot despite the old grandma haha , it's so classic and gorgeous !great color nice scene !aaah gorgeous! beautiful!! Love your new shots (:great props! this is so awesome :)i love the look of this! so vintage :D

and that car. me wantey.oh my i love the colors, and her smile is so beautiful!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Precious! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.lovely :)love photo!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!tremendo ese procesado para envolver una sobresaliente
composicion, bien compuesta con profundidad y unos
tonos y una luz sensacionales
un trabajo del diez amigo
abrzo roiPedazo de fotón..
Podrias hacer algun tuto de los procesados ;-D.Es un HDR?
Me encanta hacer esta pregunta, porque cuando no está del todo claro es que tras la fotografía debe de haber un currazo de edición por lo menos para contarlo y que le pongan medallas a uno :)
Muy muy guapa.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/fverdugo/]muchas gracias Felipe!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/misheta/][http://www.flickr.com/photos/ilovemyblackcat/]si que es un HDR...o más o menos. aprovecho para ocntestaros a las dos. Normalmente suelo hacer un HDR de la foto y luego la fusiono con la original y juego con los opacidad de la del HDR porque si no queda muy fuerte. Luego poco más...reducir colores, alguna curvilla pero no tiene mucha más chicha. Muchas gracias a las dos!!Eu tamen ia preguntar iso mesmo. O procesado e xenial. A musica esta ben escollida. 

¡Plas, plas, plas!UAU! Grande fotão! Está foi de mestre! Com o teu trabalho e do Javi eu sinto-me muito pequenino... Acho que vou ficar no Flickr só para comentar e apreciar os vossos trabalhos e deixar de fotografar... Grande Fotão Roi! ROY!!!jajaja!!!Una pasada. Fabulosa foto.Ten un color moi guapo, gracias por semi-explicar como o fas!É pontevedra non?Gústame moito a foto,cos charcos de choiva típicos de Galicia:)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/25630367@N08/]jajaja moitas grazas!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ruiperdigao/]jajaja xa che deixei un comentario ao respecto sobre iso jajaja.
Moitas grazas RUY!! jajajaja
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/42048952@N04/]muchas gracias!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/belen-burela/]jajaja olvidouseme dicir que antes do HDR lle aplico unha curva con algo parecido a sepia para darlle as cores oscuras!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/coricroke/]si que é pontevedra! moitas grazas!!Estas cosas solo las sabes hacer tu! y te quedan tan tan bien!
una edicion impecable!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )₪ Brilliant Photograph by an 'H&amp;M' Expert!

 ₪₪ HISTORY &amp; MYSTERY ₪₪ SOCIETY ₪₪
(Post 1 - Award 2 pics on the first 2 pages)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado WONDERFUL WORLD OF BUILDINGS / ARCHITECTURE  (P1 / A1 ) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.amazing photo.Unha foto sinxelamente preciosa, pero iso non é novidade non?.
Ademais de que Pontevedra paréceme unha cidade moi artística, por así dicilo.

O teu título recordoume o libro.. &quot;Longa noite de pedra&quot;. :)Tremenda la foto, muy bien esa forma de trabajar que cuentas. Intentaré probarla algún día.
Oye, encantado de conocerte, me ha encantado lo del lobisome, porque nosotros en casa también vemos, o veíamos &quot;LA SEÑORA&quot;, JA, JA, JA...[http://www.flickr.com/photos/francoiserachez/]muchas gracias Fran!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/shamc/]Thanks!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/agostoesquiimal/]Sobre todo a cidade vella é unha maravilla para fotografiar! moitas grazas!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/xotengo/]moitas grazas!!! Igualmente encantado de conocerte! téñote anotado para ir vendo tranquilamente as túas fotos que tes moitas e moi boas, ademáis cun ritmo endiablado!
jajaja pois si che digo a verdade eu non vía La Señora! é unha coña que temos entre os amigos...seguro que algún a ve jajaja. moitas grazas por pasarte!!En esa serie había una criada que estaba acojonada con el &quot;lobisome&quot; y al final, el novio se cargó al &quot;lobisome&quot;, como te decía, en mi casa nos partíamos cada vez que decían esa expresión.
Gracias por tus comentarios, yo también te seguiré, que veo que tienes mucho gusto en la fotografía.
Un saludo.Trabalho de edição excelente e boa composição. Aí está um local que gostava de visitar!A cidade de comic!!!. Propóñote que lle engadas textos e personaxes ás fotos e montes unha pequena historia. Estaría ben...
Preciosa!!!Jejeje! La música se sale!!
Mmmm... veo que has descubierto el secretillo. Reconozco que en la intimidad de mi mac había intentado averiguar qué haces porque el control que tienes de luces y sombras me deja siempre boquiabierto!! Jajaja! Ya probaré!
A este Rui le patinan las neuronas o qué?? jajaja!!! Qué cosas tiene!Una gran foto con un tratamiento cojonudo. Veo que estas haciendo progresos con la foto callejera y fotografiar personas, ahora solo te falta acercarte un poquito mas, y ya lo tienes........jajajajajajaja. Your wonderful Buildings photo is a WINNER! 

Thanks for sharing it with us 
Wonderful world of buildings [http://www.flickr.com/photos/xotengo/]jajajaja ei de buscar por youtube algo diso jajaja. Grazas!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cascalheira/]Tes que pasarte por Pontevedra...agora temos unha autopista así que non hai excusas!!
Muito obrigado!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/leocohen9/]ufff iso é moito traballo jajajaja Grazas!!!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/erzonzo/]A Rui creo que le gusta beber al mediodía jajajaja. Tampoco era tan complicado, un HDR estaba claro que era...luego jugar jajajaja...en todo caso tampoco he descubierto todo...falta el ingrediente secreto como en la cocacola (que consiste en desenfocar un poco el resultado del HDR para quitarle grano antes de acoplarla )
 Muchas gracias Javi
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/cafi76/]jajajaja non vexas o número! ahí estaba eu disimulando e o tipo de espaldas e a 50m...non me fio jajajaja Moitas grazas!!Ups! Se te ha escapado! jaja!!
Mola! Yo también en ocasiones parto de algún procesado en especial para luego ir dándole los toquecillos personales que vas &quot;cultivando&quot; con el paso del tiempo.vista en / seen in:


geotagged : galicia Foto vista no grupo
&nbsp;GALICIA e GALEGO&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Galicia. En galego.
Por un dominio galego: puntoGal.
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Asociación PuntogalMagnifica toma, saludos

 Your wonderful Buildings photo is a WINNER! 

Thanks for sharing it with us 
Wonderful world of buildings Foto vista no grupo
&nbsp;GALICIA e GALEGO&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Galicia. En galego.
Por un dominio galego: puntoGal.
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Asociación PuntogalNicely done!quedouche estupendo!!Como le andas tio!!, bestiales las fachadas, me gusta como le has metido luz a todo, mola tio!!, que bestia eres !!, zorionak!!Terriblemente bonita !!Grande cura dei particolari, di tutti i dettagli, ed ottima profondità di campo in questa tua foto, Roi. Your wonderful Buildings photo is a WINNER! 

Thanks for sharing it with us 
Wonderful world of buildings Buenisima... me gusta mucho el procesado y la profundidad de la toma.
Felicidades, buen trabajo.Very nice processing and composition! I like this imageouh!!! nice shot!! where did you took it?? i love the composition, the perspective and the colors! i can almost see the clouds move! it's crazy! and i love this &quot;efter the storm&quot; light... great work...Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado  SCHITTA  Fotoclub y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.e x c e l l e n t .

great workseen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****

WOW  you are so beautiful...--
seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****
--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Dragonfly Awards   *  Post1 - Award 3 *  *Sweeper Active*  &quot;. ( ?² )seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****¿vas a poner una foto de cada d´´ia?. Si son reales te vamos a ver evolucionar. Precioso color suave

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)lovely tonesprecioso retrato, me encanta el procesado..juanito1948. Sí, eso llevo haciendo desde el 1 de enero, y sí, eso es lo que se intenta con el proyecto 365, evolucionar :) Muchas gracias!
hi_jme Thank you!
german vidal Muchas gracias :)ojazos! preciosa fotosoo gorgeous!
love the editing =]Una luz magnifica para una mirada preciosaguapa guaapa :)Me gusta el virado y las texturas, pero quizas intentaria darle mas fuerza a esos ojos.
de todas formas muy buena
saludosFelicidades. La he visto en el Explore.Linda fotografia!Una fotografía genial, he visto algo de tu 365 y haces unas cosas muy bonitas.

Enhorabuena por el trabajo Mel Licious Muchas gracias :)
Loes.  Thank you :)
Oscar SCR  Thanks :)
Gemma Bou :D
iisier Muchas gracias, pretendia hacer un retrato mas bien calido que con fuerza :)
Haciendo clack sii? muchas gracias por avisar!!
Marco Schenone Muchas gracias!
Héctor Rubio Muchas gracias :):):)Gorgeous!congrat for the explore :)
ahhh que hablas espanish! jaja
pues eso,buen trabajo!the tones and her expression are beautifulheathernicole2 Thanks :)
mario_denmark ajjaja sii, española de pura cepa jajajaja!! muchas gracias :)
rosa joy Thank you :)Gorgeous portrait, congrats!Gorgeous! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.i love her look and the way she sters at the big nothing 
Great photoque preciosidad de foto! que ojos y que boca :) en blanco y negro mola tmb ;)Very nice shot!Great shot! Very clean.Nice shot, there is a new gold one in Aberdeen. I want to get good pics but it is on a driveway...Nice contrast!!!Great !wow Excellent man! Love this picture!Wonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.very clean shot, nice car, it almost seems an ad!
great work!
ciao!ver nice shot!A fantastic scene and capture, Owen. It's so vivid with beautiful colors.Cool image! iPod Touch, nice touch.Wooo! I love the teenie bokeh and the exposure is perfect!
BRavo!Yea, looks like his future burning in the background.
Great idea well captured. Worth your cold effort.Very beautiful one! I never thought it would be a composite though! :P With its inferno lighting, this raffinery is kind of scary. 8-)awesome choice of background =) his expresion is awesome too.I love the background.flickr hiccuped when i posted my comment, so this might be duped.  great shot.  love that you sent the kids out into the cold for you.  wish i could get the dog to do that....  nice work!LOL
this is cool!Outstanding...!Great shot! ... and congrats on being Explored!Hey this shot is really cool! Great idea using the refinery as a backdrop! And congrats on Explore!Congratulations... lovely image.Great interpretation of the theme - very close to the jaws of the monster :-)
Love the brilliant colours

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)love it John,what an awesome photoNice presentation of the theme CLOSE UP

Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenWow, i am scared !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Makes a very dramatic shot.roar!!!! this is rusty and cool!I like the rust of the dinosaur against the blue blue of the sky....good job!Great perspective!

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)Hehe nice close up, good angle you got hereWow... this is really a great Cose-up!! Love your perspective!!It Jurassic!
beautiful photograph!
fantastic detailsGreat perspective!  He looks quite imposing!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )great low angle and awesome shot tooo.I hope you have your tetanus shots :-)  Great capture ... vibrant colours and a wonderful perspective!Love the angle and twist!excellent colour contrast. that bit of reflected light nicely exposes the inside of its mouth.If his bite doesn't kill ya, tetanus will- Love that rusty metal! 
--
Seen in the group&quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)Wonderful color. Rust is one of my favorite things.
Seen on your photo stream.Very cool shot!Way too close for comfort!  This is great, the angle is very dramatic...he's just about to bite!Yes.. Nice angle and a great close up of the rust on this.  LIke it.What I like about this photo is the blue blue sky with those clouds of hope hanging there. The blue contrast very well with the rusty golden look of the dragon.I love this!  The rust against the blue sky!!  One of my favorites of your's!!Wouldn't like to meet him down a dark alley. Great angle.Cool textures - your comment was too kind, thanks.rust always come out well..  great close up.. great angle..great colour contrast and perspective! ;))

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Oh, what sharp teeth he has!!  Great shot!  Love the perspective.Cool shot! You did well despite not having a macro lens, I must say! I just have a macro setting, it works just as well :D

The dinosaur looks rather menacing! Haha! :D Love it! :)very creative interpretation!   awesome pov!

Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenNice PoV, and the complimenting colours work great!wonderful perspective!VISIT MY FLICKR:

www.flickr.com/grippabruTerrific! Perfect for the theme~such a great angle!Great Perspective...and up against the perfect sky...well done !!!wow in my face - great and me too - the sky is amazing!!cool subject! nice angle and use of the wide endgood shot.very imposing angle. nice colorsHey, John!!! :) You really rocked this challenge! I looove it. Into my favs!

--
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty Ten (?)CHOMP. Awesome color contrast!Awesome perspective and colour contrast! For some reason though I'm more scared of getting tetanus than being eaten alive ;P hehegreat perspectiveWow, great shot my friend!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Non stiamo a pettinare le bambole contest Carnevale / Carnival, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Looove the perspective here! Great photo!Yikes!!!! Love the title...perfect for this dude.
I'm loving the great color of &quot;rusty&quot; against that gorgeous blue sky.
Great pov for sure!great shot !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called worms eye view, and we'd love to have this added to the group!its barney having a bad hair day.;) great photo. i love the perspective and contrast very well with the vivid blue sky!Wow, amazing shot ...Ooh, I like this sculpture!nice and amazing contrast!Love the perspective and the blue sky! Fantastic!too funny! great colors.

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)ahhhrrrrrrr :)Hahahaha!  What a great perspective!!woo hoo in explore!!azok az arcok :) sok kicsi portré egy helyen. nekem teccwow, great colors! cool work!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)nagyszerű!Értékes, nagyon szépen megoldva!Glorious tones! super shot :-))Wow. The mood, tones, the kids and chickens... all the elements come together so beautifully!
Isn't is amazing how kids can do the same thing over and over... and over and still have such fun! Good times!wonderful ,, beautiful capture .Everything in this is just wonderful.  I agree with To The Outskirts that the mood and tone etc is fantastic.looks like a film shot... great tones!
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Filmbemutato mikor lesz? Olyanra sikerult.Beautiful Capture!!!!
Amazing color and light!I like the tones in this image. I noticed that the children don't look too thrilled to be there but lady in the front does.thanks

.avina. a guy took a group photo you can see his shoulder on the left :DExcellent captureLooks cold!great job 
i love it :)Excelente la definición de esta imagen. Perfecta en su ejecución.cute shot !!great work on the Tones here! really cool!Wow...could be film photography. CongratulationsThis is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Very nice shotHa ha, cool. Only two of them look happy to be there :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!I think there are great tones and mood to this shot. CongratulationsGood morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthPhoto of amazing quality.CheersAmazing shot! Great tones!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Shiny and nicesick shot man! love the colors!Colors and contrast are so catchy!!bella fotoHi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1032085@N21/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


ITA
Partecipa al contenuto della rivista fotografica Potpourrimensile,
clicca su questo invito e leggi come pubblicare le tue fotografie.
EN
Join the content of the photo magazine Potpourrimensile,
click on this invite and read how to publish your photos.

__________________________________Nice colors! 
The composition is perfect!love it, never an easy shoot (they have so much reflective stuff)  Keep it up!Great concept, an instant fav!Nice!nice shot!Very god!  Nice colors and angle there...
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great shot, cool concept!Vivid!great colors, good light, well doneGreat shot...Can't wait to see the rest!Adrian, you rock! This is an awesome shot!!!Great shot!I never thought of having her hand STICKING out of the box; you are just full of idea.......! great job.Freaking Great stuff.good(33fire stuff!Wow! Cool photo!Compliments on the lighting and the composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PHOTOS &amp; IMAGES // invite new friends!!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group![http://www.flickr.com/photos/21957462@N08/3767361770/]Just saw this in Explore!  Congrats!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Fantastic portrait!Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Yes i have need Tagged again

Hello I am Yasin 24 male birth Place is Kuwait But Growth &amp; Educated from Pakistan 
24 years old but Same like a Crazy Kid yet 
i have been tagged again 
this time tagged by Aftab 

i Don't know where i have to start But let me tell you First 
i have no idea what is the game of tagged so let me explain 10 things 


#1 i am very Funny &amp; friendly with all kind of person/nationality 
#2 i love to take Photos of model and nature and crazy to handle them in Photo shop
#3 i m very Honest and Easy fall in love with everyone 
#4 i love Music a lot a lot a lot
#5 i hate my teeth and smile its too bad
#6 i am a over confidence inpatient Guy 
#7 i m Crazy To be a model anywhere or any kind of lolz
#8 If i m in pain i will never Tell to anyone about that Until its get out of Control !!!
#9 i love to take challenges and try to full them before date i m a Hard worker
#10 i Respect Every nationality and every Religious !!



thanks for Wasting your time to read this if i write anything wrong please 
Skip or Forget that but never increase your love 
Your the One &amp; only 
Yasin HassanCool texture well taken........

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)nice shot ;)wonderful portrait and happy to know some facts abt youHave read 1-10 and I made the conclusion that you are a very lovable person Yasin.Nice to know little more about you, Yasin!! :)came fromRebels abu photo - you are his contact of today


you do have lots of wonderful images.
I dont take many photographs but I like to look at brilliant ones like the yours.Great portraitVery nice, my friend, I see someone has come to visit from my photo.

;-)nice to know u Yassin..great self portraitnice texture!!!!!One of your best portraits ! very sharp ! nice to know a little bit more about a friend.Cool portrait.your smile is too bad?
come on, Hassan

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )great smile, my friend! im glad that all toothache has gone. glad to see your smile again!you're the man, Yasin. nice smile, nice portrait. glad to know a little about you. keep up. love your work.niiice .. ~really handsome!super sweet smile, lovely SP :-)u look great bro. And you have a cute smile..great work!!! woots!Like a painting. Wonderful work my freiend.You Are Awesome !!!great portraitnice portait! I think there is nothing wrong with your smile...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)so coolvery good light, is very cool friend :DmashallahGreat pose &amp; color balance!Beautiful portrait!excellent portrait my friendLovely!awesome portrait,well captured,

A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.Oh ... Finally we get to see those eyes behind all those beautiful portraits you are posting from last few days :))Nice shot, love the soft focus into the face, the background is awesome.right all is right agree !!!one of your BESToutstanding, love the eyes on this one!Beautiful portrait!
You have a very beautiful and sweet smile Yasin.Beautiful portrait !!  Awesome lighting and setup!!Great mix of colors and a good job on the lighting. Very nice!you look like a cute little boy here:] cool!handsome:)Excellent portrait...sweet!  :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great light and skin tones. Have a good day and keep smiling.perfect light! Very cool SP  Cool Facts Yasin :) 
U R Amazing Person &amp; Keep It N This Way ^^ 
Its Really Great 2 Know Abwt U More &amp; Pleasure 2 Me =D 
Perfect Shot &amp; Great Work As Usual Bro 
Wishing 4 U All The Best N Ur Life =)
  Koool Pic !!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;very excellent!!!!Very cool background. I like your smile : )fabulous portrait YasinSo beautifuTremendous Work!nice shot
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Fantastic !You look very, very young, less than 24!
What type of music you listen to?Beautiful portrait once again ..........Fabulous!thanks for sharing my firend!!Fabulous portrait, colors and lighting.great portrait !!!!Your background is super cool!! Nice lighting, too.wonderful portrait !!Lovely portrait !!O bhai jaan ...kia baath hai !!!!!!!great portrait great mood my  friend

have  ance  sunday
--
 This is Gorgeous Please consider adding this image to:


 FreedomHawk Award 
Please Remember post 1, Fav and Award 3



POST NOW for the 
9TH FrontPage FreedomHawk


POST NOW HERE
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Buen retrato!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I hope your teeth arent hurting now Yasin!! They look nice on your photo.
   I think its easier to see a dentist regularly and prevent problems and pain than waiting until painful treatment has to be done. Listen to Uncle Tony :o)Great portrait
Well doneHello ! ;-)You are very confident and sweet I think. Save up and get your teeth worked on, teeth are very important for health and well-being.Beautiful portrait.  Love the textured background.  And it's nice to read some things about you :)So Cool !!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great portraits and great facts !
But your smile is great so that fact is wrong :)great pick....... :D nice smile..... Have a nice day........Excellent portrait .. great lightI like your smile my friend ;)
great portrait again!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great look here.really niiiiiCeGreat shot, love the smile.....................
Thank you for the visit.Awww it's a sweet and innocent shot.  Very nice to know about you, my friend!Excellent Shot, my friendMuy buena amigo, un abrazo!!!!!Oh - so sweet are you, Yasin!Beautiful portrait.
Very nice.Wow what a breathtaking shot !!! 
Superb portrait my friendAdorable !! U have a great smile Yasin :)
and i notice that U arre friendly :)
Have a nice time bro .beautiful eyes

=)wow, very Very Beautiful portrait............
U have Beautiful smile.......
Very nice..........
Very cool shot my friendnice pic


keep it up

plz comment memy friend your amaazing :)

FAV sure╚═●{~♥~♥~♥ J ═╗.. 
♥
$
$$_____________________________________$$$
$$$$__________________________________$$$$
$$$$$$______________________________$$$$$$
*$$$$$$$$,*_____________________*,$$$$$$$$*
*$$$$$$$$$$$,,_______________,,$$$$$$$$$$*
__$$$$$$$$$$$$_ _._____.___$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$$$$$$$$$,_'.____.'_,,$$$$$$$$$$$$$
___$$$$$??????$$$,, '.__,'_$$$????????$$$$
____$$$?????????$$$$..:..$$$$?????????$$$
_______***$$??????$$@@$$??????$$****
_________,,,$$*$????$$@????$$,,,,,,
_____,,$$?????????$$*@@*$$???????$$$,,,
____*$$$????????$$$*@@*?????????$$
___,,*$$$????????$$__.@.__*$?????????$$$,,
_,,*___*$$??????$$$___*___*$???????$$*__ *',,
*____,,*$$?????$$$_________$????????$*,,____ *
______,;$*$,$$**'____________**'$$***,,
____,;'*___'_.*__________________*___ '*,,
,,,,.;*____________---____________ _ ____ '**,,,,
...°*
....O
.......°o O ° O*
.................°
.............. °
............. O.
.............o....o°o
.................O....°
............o°°O.....o
...........O..........O
............° o o o O .
----------------------`•.¸ )
----------------------¸.•)´
----------------------(.•´
----------------------`*.*´¨)
----------------------¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
---------------------(¸.•´ (¸.•`
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█
█▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓▓█instead I can say such a sweet smile!!! :)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Me&amp;My Friends, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Happy sm:)e!

GRTZ,BEN
Carpe Diem!ji pata hai ke aap yasin hain....aap Funny &amp; friendl hain yeh bhi janti hoon,i love Music a lot a lot a lot 2345...
apke teeth ka to pata nahi but yes apki smile its too achi hai...i love your smile..so plz plz plzzzzzzz keep smiling....and hamessha ki tarhan fantoushi pic hai apki....have a smily day my yasin jaan jiHello there!Nice work!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Sweet portrait!!U hot Hunk!Gorgeous self-portrait!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Congratulations on Explore page 7Dear Yasin, you always look great in your self-portraits. This time you look almost shy (is that possible?) So nice to learn more about you, especially as you're expressing thoughts explicitly that I had sort of guessed from your postings and general way of interacting with everyone. I'm so glad to have you as a Flickr friend!

&quot;golden daffodil&quot; www.flickr.com/photos/celeste/4339732350/

--
Seen in some comments. (?)You are so handsome here, Yasin...and your eyes are unbelievably white and gorgeous!LOL...I love number 3!!!Nice to know about you., We are about the same. haha   Awesome portrait!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Haha Borat!another explore, you don't stop, give me someone, jajajaTop class portrait!That's a very nice pose. Your eyes sparkle here.this is one of my absolute very favorites in a while...well done!great to learn a little more about you... this is perfect portrait!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Faces and faces - H.I.G.H.Q.U.A.L.I.T.Y. , and we'd love to have this added to the group!I rally like this one, Yasin! Lookin' good!This is really good! I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.SOOC (with Skylar):
I like it a lot... beautiful processing... the tones are just gorgeous. The orton effect really brings out the other worldly feel in this composition.. as if it were a shot from a Harry Potter movie or Lord of the Rings.. 

Have a super Sunday.Poor Skylar! :p

Magical processing done on this one Mani. Love the weird bridge!wow superHi, I'm an admin for a group called The right way, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Your technique is magical!!! The glowing colors are amazing!!Gorgeous processing. Straight from a fairy tale. Magic. :)Fantastic!!  I love this :)boa

te felicito*Wonderfull pp. A fairytale storybook.This is so beautiful and I love this processing...... just fantastic!!love the fantasy effect, really beautiful!beautiful.... very nice work! good to know that your mac is back to normal..... 

very beautiful work indeed!Absolutely splendid !HA!  It looks like they had a long bridge, and didn't know how to make it fit!!   That's enchanting!Beautiful work, as always!Very magical ,';0]...Oh Mahnie, this is magical work, I can just see the fairies dancing over the bridge right now!!
S ;-}fantastic processing on this picture, magicvery cool pp Mahnie!beautiful framing .... beautiful treatment ...This could certainly be found in a storybook, wonderful pp.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)A magical one for sure - it is beautiful.Luscious tones, warm light and painterly feel! :)Amazing editing!!!A bridge from fairytale..This is magical! The light and glow are beautiful! 
That's an amazing bridge too. :)fairytale ! it's beautiful !!! Most of the time, I'm really not of a big fan of photoshop build-in filters, but this numeric illustration in really stunning, well done !
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )mymoodypictures - I can assure you this was not created with any photoshop built-in filter, but rather hours of loving manipulation (using different filters and effects and much hand painting) ... what is &quot;numeric illustration&quot; ??WOW...this is incredible.  I thought maybe you used HDR processing on this...but just read your response to mymoodypictures.  Well done here!  Your hard work paid off!Wow, what a bridge.  Amazing curves!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Very nice color palette here. I enjoy this.It's like a bridge over troubled waters.Must be a dreamy land...beautiful and sweet!WOW...you really made this look totally magical! Great processing my friend!  m-Love bridges like these - like a work of art themselves. And the soft, glowy treatment works well here. I wanted to thank you for your comment the other day. It meant a lot. :-)Completely amazing, Mani!!! Love what you've done with this!!! – g ♥Prefer the one with Skylar in it Mahnie but both have amazing colours.Love the dreamy effect!perfect fairytale / dream shot... fave 4 me!!Back to say: Yay for Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)This is top quality stuff, Mahnie! Thank God the image was still there after the repair. We would have missed out on a classic otherwise...ohhh! dreamy.Beautifully done with a magical feel!Fantastique atmosphere, great job!wow- amazing atmospheric effect- just lovely and thanks for sharing the original-- it actually would be awesome with Skylar in it too-- like a little gnome in fairly land.   So I'm wondering how you did this-- you should make a tutorial- so beautiful
congrats on Explorewonderful work :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)cool onewonderful post processing on this shot - looks like it could be the cover of a Japanese tale of long ago!this is an image waiting for a story - just beautiful Mahnie -Lovelybeautiful bridge!  great processing.So sweet with criss cross paws!!! He looks like a big  teddy bear!!!!Poodle parts pillows -- what a great idea.I want a stuffed animal just like him ;-)I'd take the real thing!  He does look like a toy here.Just luv ya, Fergus!  What a life!CUTE!!Awwww! Really cute!

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs He looks very comfy!  Sweet dreams, Fergus :)

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs he looks awfully comfy

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs He is OUT! What a sweet cuddly image!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love his big red paws.Too funny! His Head is smooshed between the pillow and the couch! he is a definite lounger............

Seen in 52 weeks for dogs
StephIs this a dog?  Or a super adorable stuffie?  OMG that Fergus is a CUTIE!
 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs He is the CUTEST thing I have ever seen. LOVE  Fergus!What a great capture!  He is so darn cute.He looks like a stuffed animal...very cuteHave you ever seen a Gund Teddy Bear. Seriously Fergus could be one in this picture. Very soft and sweet. 
 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs oh, so precious all cuddled with the pillows- I adore this
Seen in the Standard Poodle - CanicheRoyal Group So sweet, he looks like he's passed out!Love it!Also love it!  At first, on thumbnail, that it was a teddy bear.  Well done.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Are you sure that Fergus isn't a stuffed animal?  This is cute beyond words.Thanks everyone for your comments!The guy's got it made!!! In my next life can I come back as Fergus and have you be my owner???He's exhausted.So cuddley soft.Yea, I'm with the crowd who thinks Fergus looks like a stuffed animal. Think we need some action shots to prove us wrong :-) He does look adorable with his paws crossed.

-Karen
Seen in 52 Weeks for DogsSo cute...and could definately be mistaken for a Gund stuffed animal.
 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs Definitely a giant Teddy Bear!

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs I second that teddy bear comparison! He looks like a plush poodle. :)Fantastic ! 

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Congrats on Explore!

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Such a sweet capture !!

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs this is brill looks like a teddy thanks 4 sharingHe really looks like a teddy bear there!! Tooo cute!!!Those soft, fluffy paws just kill me! So glad to see he has a pillow. :-)Congrats on Explore!Simply adorable!  Congrats on Explore!So cute!
 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs Congrats on explore!Oh my goodness...this is just the cutest photo ever!  I love Fergus and his little fluffy paws!This is just too adorable!  What a great capture!this is hysterical!!!
 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs A tired pup is a happy pup, very sweet!Thanks everyone!

DharmaCrow  :)Congrats on explore.Get rested up, Fergus!

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Virtual Poodle Club&quot; (?)yeah. I'm beat too.Haha!  This guy is too much!  I love it.

Seeing him so comfy, I'm starting to get tired.  LOL!Oh my god, congrats on a well deserved explore. Fergus looks so perfect, almost like a stuffed toy. Beauty!! Love the pose.This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.I honestly thought this was teddy bear!
so so cute.. bet he makes you smile a lot!
thanks for showing this one off :)Gorgeous- love the bird silhouetted under the setting sun.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)Your sunsets are amazing! The birds really add to this shot. Milo must be THE most walked dog I know! (please don't tell my dog, lol)Stunning shot.Beautiful sunset.  Hope you didn't wear Milo out.This is beautifulBeautiful sunset.stunningso pretty, sounds like a lovely evening too

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot;. (?)Completely stunning.this is lovely!Lovely, I adore sunsetsbeautifullove the reflection :) 
nice shot :)Hi!
We love your image and would like to add it to our gallery at Talk the talk, Feel free to join as a member too!I like the colors in this beautiful sunset shot.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice one, great shot!Nice sunsetSo beautiful.What an interesting capture! The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Muy buena foto!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group![ 8-2 ] &quot;@@ آفففآ !
كنت بصصيد الفيـرست !!
بس رآحت علـي :p

BTW:

Happy Birthday 7bebbtiii :**
kl sna w anti lrbch a8rb anshalla &lt;3!
love you both :*احبببببببببببج مرييييم =| =|
ياحبببببني لج يابنيه
اعشقققققج يااخي
(KKKK) !
=)Fdet ilBirthday Girl ;***
كل عام وانتي ياقلبي اقرب لـ قلبي (L)
p.s ; Adore u &amp; alla e5lech 4 me ;PHappy birthday 2 al.khulaifii&lt;3
7bebi al.3omr klh inshallah o t3eshen hl.sanh a7la mn ally 8blha ;$
Amwaa77:**Happy BirthdayGreat capture!Really cool capture! Really original!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010very cool :)Cool photo!wow!coolnice one..coolWhat a fab shot!Amazing shot, really strikingGreat capturevery cool!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)fab shot madam!!  Madam or Madman!!!  Hee HeeVery clever!fab!Well done Mitch, you certainly had to be prepared to capture it.  And how many time times did you have to try it.  Fabulous.Great capture!Great capture xxThats really cool!This is so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called the flop, and we'd love to have this added to the group!No seas Raaata Eso quedo Fue Lacra!!!

Full Cromo !!!!Ese cromo ta muy malditoooo!!!!!Siempre estafandoNo te puedes lanzar eso asi! yo queria ahi
Muy malandra!ajajajajajajajaja nawebona esa bomba mide como 3mts mas o menos XD... bien el mioDopppeeeyes man!!!!muy fresco eso bain!jaa!! q abusador! xDbuena esa esta muy aspero... saludos!que flop!!!!!! esta bien grande!muy buenA!flopsoooteeso esta buenoo!!muito bom!!!grandisimo.. estiludo!!muy buena esa...!verga buena esaGigantonWhat tha fuckkk!!! Desgraciaaaado man!! Big bombing rulzz!!!!!R E S P C T lil'oneMaldita sea vale =/little b!verga atorrantin bien esta lacra la fotoBrutal!!...saludos.!hahah weon un poco pequeña la bomba!!
buena esa vaina!!!..Verga Q Mostro jajaaj Bien Por Esachikitiiiiiinnn!!!que malandra!perro esa giganteska esa vaina..! ta sabrosita..!!bien valeeeA vaina  bueenaaaa...eso no es tan grande como es ahi hay un peo de tamaños lo se lo seque lacra esa bomb...muy fina bain..!SOrT-eScRU!nice bombing!!!hey tio mui bueno ese 

props****Mieldaaa perro te la comisteE!maricon 
roba point y roba ideagracias, pero tu no lo hubieras podido hacer...es dificil!noo sapo 
la hare en avenida y mas grandeWonderful shot! 

Seen in Explore.Mamarre' cromo! (y) jaaaque point tan NO venezuela!! xDq bueno el cromo men !!!!!!no es q la pieza es grande es que el es pequeño :D jajaa merma lacrathats the shit....go big or go fucking hommmmethanks for posting these LungWow.resilienceHi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is a very interesting image. Very nice to say the least!Wow - love the textures and tones here! nicely composed too. Well done!!

Seen in my contacts' photosGreat results, overall a very nice glow to the trees!what a beautiful place to walk..I love the yellow tones through out the image.Great shot !I've been processing images this afternoon, too.  No one is my household watches the Superbowl - I didn't even think of it until you mentioned sports.

This image has a dreamy feel to it.this is a very nice composition.  the grasses across the bottom provide a perfect and substantial foundation for the &quot;activity&quot; beyond.Love the color! This will look great framed and hung!I agree.  About the challenges of a composition such as this, that is, not the Superbowl (but I agree with that as well).  There is something I visually experience as I walk through a northwest forest that I've never been able to adequately capture.  I always end up opting for an abstraction of the space using motion blurs because those images tend to come closest to what I'm &quot;seeing&quot;.  Shots such as this are a true test for a photographer and when I see one work out, like you've created here, I'm always impressed.  Zeb and Danielle have both been posting some awesome images of Forest Park in recent weeks.  I find the shots created by the lot of you are really inspiring for me to keep exploring these spaces.very uncommon composition sir!!
excellent colors!!
I love sports--kids played college level--but I would rather process images as well--

I love this image--the trees, the super detail of all the little branches and the color of the leaves blending into the grass.  Just a very pleasant on the eyes--restful image.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Just popped in since it's half time and I don't like rock bands. Very pretty shot, Aaron. I like the delicate looking grasses.Wow, beautiful and very nicely done!This is a beautiful picture. The light and colours are nice and soft and the composition is great. Thanks for posting.You did this very nicely.  Comp and tones are very LOTR and I like the grass, too.The way to move ahead in this work is to set the bar high and be your own worst critic and it's obvious from the quality of your images that you get it. Nice work Aaron.Aaron----as you probably know, I am a big fan of the forests we all share.  What I enjoy about this photograph are the subtle colors of the image.  They all blend together seamlessly to form a great composition.

Sorry Aaron----but I am very happy for New Orleans!What's a super-bowl?? Sounds like a new kind of breakfast cereal!!! Heh heh... only joking! I quite agree with the composition being the most important factor in a good photo... the light might be awesome... but if there's a stick out of place... I'll also reject the shot! 

The only reason why I'm not crazy about long grass like this is because of snakes... and lions... and stuff! :)I like the ubiquitous yellow here- I don't think I have ever seen a stretch of old growth forest with such dominant fall color.This looks good. Thanks. Well, I am not sure how old this is. This was taken just off the road on the other side of the railroad tracks at Horsetail falls in the gorge. The entire area down there was this color. 

 I didn't say I disliked sports, just didn't care for them. I watched the last 10 minutes. :)

 lol! I have a Super Bowl everyday! It is one of my favorite foods. 

Ummm... Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch please.  Thank you.I think that the image works as it shows what a forest looks like in the Northwest.  You can see the trees, moss and grasses and that makes the image.I like this scene Aaron, it really shows the beauty of fall with all that yellow. I like the composition and how everything seems to blend together.Nice like a painting. Cool blend of color in the grass.Great shot !!This is a very nice place and a great shot. I like the carpet of this wonderful yellow-green grasses. The wood looks like a jungle for me, very wild and unstructured what makes it interesting.Wow! This is a very excellent capture! It really draws me in!! Great job!!I love this area of the Gorge. I am still waiting for the right light to try to capture this kind of composition of the trees that dominate here. You did well capturing the beauty of them.Love the shot...  Agreed no trees are out of place, and wonderful processing here!!I've never seen the Pacific NW look lilke this before even as an autumn image.  An exceptional picture, wonderful work.Wonderful layered textures and light.Beautiful...great processing!I like the landscape in this great shot.amazing!Preciosa.

--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Beautiful!


This is a really delicate shot Aaron, but it is full of all the things that make an image work. The comp is good and stands looking at for quite some time. It leans to the left a bit, just naturally as the trees grow that way, but it feels like I want to straighten them up a bit. I am talking very marginally :) The colour and recession of colour into the distance is a joy, as are the textural details to the branches and trunks. My favourite part is the bottom of the trunks and the way they fade into that rich green of the grass. Now that is classy. More of these please.yes i agree .. beautiful color and comp .. the thought of color processing scares me .. you are so good at it .. i study and learn b4 taking that next leapBeautiful photo. Great landscape photos make you want to be there as this one does. 

Landscapes : 200 Viewsthanks for sharing this amazing pictures....I agree with you that comps like these are really difficult, but you nailed this.  I just love it.  The wispy yellow grass makes it for me.awesome!
can't wait to see the last one!very nice.. :)Great ! I love it...excellent work love thisbeautyful!That makeup is awesome, really cool shot.Fantabulous!!  

Seen in The Eyes Have It!!Amazing light, colours and makeup - love the stars!Another stonker !amazing shot!very nice shot !this is great!Wonderful image.So true, and there are amazing things to come as you act.beautiful work, you're so creative,Stars in your eyes ^.^creepy but interesting!!  :DExcellent shot.great comp and light.....love them lashes!very creative!Looooove the stars!!!The makeup looks great!!Stars for a star. How fitting!Great Shakespeare !

... and the last one?!?Great title and a lovely shot !!the make-up design is fantastic!Almost there...!
Lovely details and a superb portrait!!Freakin awesome Sashy, you should be a makeup artist!awesome make up !!! 

good job girl !!!beautiful..
.till tomorrow !! The big dayincredible job :Du are beyond beautiful and ur work is some of my fav on Flickr,  congrats again on your incredible three sixty five - :)! cant wait to see tomw but dont want it to end! ahhh!im excited for you! great makeup &amp; shot!excellent work...the stars look so nice with your hair coloronly one day left?! wow.. wow! This is amazing, the little stars on your eyes, wonderful touch. I'm gonna miss your 365 uploads so much!dig it

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Brilliant ... this is so cool!Very cool and creative image Sashy!Great portrait...! One day to go :))One day left!!! Good luck!!!

Me encantaron las pestañas :-)wonderful :))Love the pensive look :)   Beautiful!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Excelente trabajo. La luz y el maquillaje fantásticos como es habitual. :)... fin del proyecto 365, estoy nervioso por ver con que nos sorprenderás para celebrar el final!! :)Wow love the make up, one more day to go ;) CarOnly one day!!cool quote - love the lashes!
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)another masterpiece.superb makeup and shot. one more day! can't believe it's almost over! :)Amazing how far you have come in just 1 year.AwesomeOMG im so excited for you about tomorrow :) :) :)oh my, your makeup is always so amazingoh i adore ur make up, ur such a dynamic artist, beautiful beautiful work!Can't wait to see &quot;le grand finale&quot; :Dthis is soo gorgoeus
totally love the composition and the contrast
your entire stream is so gorgeous, you should be so proudInsaaaaaaaaane details!wonderful colors and lighting!!Indeed. Play On.amazing colors!
make up is so beautiful here .... splendid as always!! :)Really great!

Ciao,
AndyHi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:Concurso&quot;La mejor de tus sonrisas&quot;(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wow !!!!!!!!  Stunning portrait !!  I love it !!!What a gorgeous photo! Didn't realise he was so close in age to James (3 on 1st Feb!)

Happy Birthday Diggy!Oh how can Diggy be three?  It seems like yesterday he was born.  

Happy 3rd Birthday Digby.  

xQuite right perfect in every way - Happy Birthday Digby :) xMan... Course he's perfect in every way... i wouldn't be able to step away from him long enough to take a pic. Here in  South the old ladies kiss and hug kids and say &quot;gimme sugar&quot;.... that's what I want to do with him!How time has flown, gorgeous shot and Happy Birthday Digby!Happy Birthday Diggy!!!!He is indeed perfect. Happy Birthday Digby xHe is just divine. Happy Birthday Diggy. What an amazing picture, captured just perfectly. I can't believe he's 3 though!Just beautiful :-)  Happy birthday again Diggy! xAwww, so cute. xGorgeous. Happy Birthday Digby xAdorable Digby. Happy Birthday xJust perfect, happy birthday Digby xOh he IS perfect Spud - an absolute little darling.  I love what you've written about him too - obviously I only 'know' him from pictures but you seem to have captured his very essence.  

Happy Birthday you little cherub xxxHappy Birthday! Such beautiful words. He is such a cute boy. xOh so incredibly gorgeous! 

Happy birthday, Diggy!Oh you've made me weepy- he is so beautiful and both boys are an absoloute credit to you.

Happy Birthday Digby, you are wonderful and may all your birthday dreams and wishes come true.Oh my, how beautiful?! Happy Birthday Digby x

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)He is so beautiful! Gorgeous photo! Happy birthday Digby!Happy Birthday gorgeous boy x

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Oh but he is gorgeous! Happy birthday Diggy.So gorgeous!
Happy Birthday gorgeous Digby! xxxxGorgeous portrait!!  Happy birthday Digby!!  I can't believe he's 3!Beautiful boy! Happy Birthday!*weeps* Happy birthday gorgeous Diggers xGreat tribute to your son. Wonderful. I love what you wrote here:

You know your mind and you have done from the second you were born. Long may it continue.Diggy Diggydo look at you. My word where have those 3 years gone. You are so gorgeous.WLumpyS.  I'd love to meet Diggy one day, he sounds so delightful!

Happy 3rd Birthday Digby xxxHappy Birthday! Gorgeous boy! xxxhappy birthday digby! xxxso, so gorgeous!Beautiful child, great photo toowonderful, stunning portrait. and happy birthday!!He has such an adorable little face that I would want to just give him loads of kisses.  &quot;jutht only one&quot; would be very hard, indeed.What an absolutely stunning shot ~ I have shared with many here who have unanimously  replied:   Awwww!

Such touching words, too, Spud.  Thank you for sharing your family with us...Happy birthday little sunshine!!!!!Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.mwaah mwahh and thrice mwaah.  Happy birthday to one of the two most perfect boys in this here world.  Can he stay like this now please?!?!?  all our love and millions of kisses, UncKev and Aunty Lisa xxxxAwwww..He is too Dear for words!!
Hope you had a very special and Happy 3rd Birthday Digby!!!great capture, if he is anything like my boy and doesn't keep still for photos very long, well done!

he looks like a little cherub too :)that's a lot of paint!!! but the colours are fantastic (:that's what it happens when you try to make majonese and spinach with your hands!

(:-D)

I like it!

Guido

seen in my home page


this is absolutely incredible! love the texture of the paint, so creative! i love it! =]This is phenomenaloh my the details are incredibleAwesomely creativeah you are so creative!stunning!amazing colors!Amazing colors!!!such a cool idea, i really like it!Amazing, this is a great idea!!beautiful!awesome dark tones!wow this is cool, i bet that took ages to clean!I really love how you can turn something as simple as messy hands and make it amazing. Awesome photo!i really love thisWell done !!awesome colors!I thought they were snakes at first :)
the colour and focus are beautiful!very nice, cool conceptAmazing colors and details!holycrap this is amazing. The focus, texture, colors...wowzzzz.Love it ;) 
the colors are perfect !OOH very cool colors!Woww!! beautiful photo (:all the detail here is amazingahahhahah this is really awesome :Di SO love this!Gorgeous! Great colors and composition!fantastic color!
seen in www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/7days/The texture and focus is soo amazing!!Avatar people?those colors are beautiful!I love the colours! :)Dazzling!this is coollll, reminds me of karl's recent paint photos!The detail is so amazing!dah color is sick! &hearts;very nice imageOmg! I love this :DThis is so cool! Love the idea.Love it!!would love to see more of ur pictures, add me please...!! :)the detail is absolutely ridiculous.add me, please :)

this is seriously amazingi like your green !The texture and the colors are fantastic :DYou're so amazing! Add me please!!oh wow! this is so beautiful!
ohmygodddd.
i love the colors in this
very gorgeoussssss.the colors you chose are fantastic! wow. :]Very, very unique photograph. Thanks.Incredible shot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wow, so cool!This is so well takenWow!!!! Great!!!wow!! it's great to taste coloursthis is so amazing, and hey can I be added?The perspective on this is amazing! And you in no way look fat! You def. got some abs girl!!!well done girl. love the alt. such a happy shot. well done for all the hard work :)good grief, I can't even lift myself an inch!  great job and awesome photos!Oh dear, I almost thought you could do chin-ups. This is still killer.
My suggestion?



MONKEY BARS! :DWhatabeast! lolWell, Jen's tummy, it is very nice to meet you :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)You work it girl!!
I don't see a whole lotta anything other than hot so whatever. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing. Well done!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )wow, respectomg!!!!

My muscles hurt just looking at these!Ahhh negatives, I was introduced to those last week at the gym!powerfull girl!! deepest respect from meOuch.... looks painful.
But getting better is what counts
Strong image.You are making me look bad...This is great!  Go girl!Fantastic shot in the out-take, even with a fake straining face. Look at those forearms!!

Way to go keeping up with the exercise!What fat? I don't see any fat you dummy!Also agree that you have a great body and beautiful picture, this b&amp;w even makes it stronger!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Self Portraiture Stripped Bare, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love the alt :) Damn girl you really have a great body &lt;3rock on with your bad self.i honestly dont see fat @@ I think youve got a nice body!!Like the expression of the one in the comments. Good for you ...The lighting is so cool here.  Love the tension in this shot.Reminded me of Demi Moore in G.I. Jane...she and you are kickass women. My 2 cents :-)haha, i love tis, and you look greatgo for it girl!  I definitely could not do those, so rock on! :)Wow, the one you posted looks so serious and strong!ironically, today I was watching FitTV and they had a little blurb about pull-ups on there.  The trainer said that most people suck at em because they try to use their arms to pull up their body weight...rather the key is to discover the large back muscles and utilize those instead of the arms.  Good form = lots of pull ups.  I suck at them, but now I'm eager to try a pull up or two and see if I can't find those back muscles...That is some fabulous lighting you've got there.. there is for sure some definition in your abs... I'm envious! :)This is really so cool!  What a great perspective!You go, girl! Do a few negatives a few times a day and you'll be doing a pull up for real soon!!! You look SOOOO close!! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)really looove the point of view on this!  And, also, YOU ROCK!  I can't even do one.  snif.  :DAwesome work out shot. YOU CAN DO IT!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Zeitgeist - The Spiritual Machine / admin invited only /, and we'd love to have this added to the group!oh, you go Jen.....one at a time...that's how it's done!!I suck at chin ups too.  It's one more thing I'm trying to work on right now.  Your way sounds better than mine.  I think I'll try it!Wow. I love these. And are you kidding, the first thing I noticed were the abs. You looking good girl , keep at it!! Love the lighting. Beautiful!bahahaha!!!!
You are so cute and hilarious all at the same time!
Those are totally abs!Go girl!!  I seriously couldn't do this - I am such a weed!!respect dudette :)Ummm HEllo! Your body is pretty banging as far as i am concerned! wowza.For what it's worth, you look pretty damn good. Rock on!Awesome!  Congrats on Explore.Jen's tummy is super cute! I can't do chin-ups to save my life either... I went upstairs and tried that I now I think I dont have ANY back muscles, hahahaha.Very nice light and shadows.holy wow, what an awesome shot, you look well buff!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  CREATIVE   PORTRAITS ♠ ♣ ♠ , and we'd love to have this added to the group!.Fdait elly fougiii&lt;3
LY speed:*♥miss/love you &lt;3..ya MOOT intaya 77bne Lssh&lt;3 U;* 
&lt;33 
yjnn eledit ;*amazing &lt;3# yjnn eledit like youh (L)
Awesome shoot
well Done..!
 soo amaZinG 
al p!!!c
^^great fa6ma ;)7baait el-Editing &lt;33jeeba &lt;\33♥♥super great ;)!!Allah y7af'9eeek ;$&lt;3&lt;3FAV
nice el-Edit !!
&lt;333love youh 
;*Great edit ;)آفففف آموووووووت :| :|
=$
فطيمه تذبحححني !!!!!3aaiiibb :Pجب :P 
=$tdren a7b hL.5rabe6 x.xadry feech wallah :'(:Phhhhhhhhhhh
ana f'6e7a =| =p hhhhhhhw a j d :Dfdeit fnchFdaait Ro7k Bro ;* Favefaved &lt;3 ;*ريكز هني :P:D(Y)!&lt;3ilshot (Y)&lt;33

FavKsh55555555a :O 3jeeebh o_0

Perfect (YY) ;)More then perfect !faved x3n!ce



keep !t up



commnet me&amp;notemaha wen @@ ?Cool :)maha f Glbi :Pआप प्यार :$(L__L)
يـــــاحـــــبني لــــك دووووون الــــخلايــــق ;)(L) MyBabeBroSpeeDoO

^ شسوي احبك ;pSpontaneous Gathering:


and prior in the series:
Joy Magnets


Lisette: &quot;No, Jake, we are not there yet!&quot;   My 52 Weeks submission for Lisette this week.
Very painterly. Beautifully processed.Love the effects .Tender and sweet.
It's hard to tell witch one is the best  because there's something special in each one !Awesome photos!  

Have a great week!You can just look at Jake's eyes to see how loving and kind he is. Beautiful series of pictures. I'd have a hard time choosing too!!Such a wonderful, calm expression on Luke's face.
A tender moment well caught!Your choice of the close crop is an excellent one. This image is emotionally strong because it focuses on the trust in Jake's eyes and posture, the connection with the person whose hand is petting his head.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Are they looking at you in the last pic or the children leaving ? Either way they have a look of affection.Louise, your photos are exquisite! This one in particular says so much about love ... I would like very much to use this and four other photos of yours on my blog, to illustrate a post ... Please take a look at the blog -- ichingquotes.blogspot.com/ -- and let me know if I may use some photos -- with full credit to you and a link to your Flickr page. 

Thank you :-)

JaliyaAdore this series- truly shows anyone not familiar with spoos what very special creatures they are. Just outstanding!Congrats on Explore, Louise!!The dreaded Topknot Smush. This is the first thing anyone does when petting a Spoo, I swear! Then they look like they've been standing in a wind tunnel, lol. But beside that, this is awesome, I love that you can share some joy with others through your dogs. Way to be an ambassador for dogs, and Poodles.This is so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called One To One, and we'd love to have this added to the group!the tones and naturalness of this is divine my friendsuch a nice photo , natural shots ;) i like!!Hair!!! Love.great!I lovelovelove the tones here so much!deliziosa.this is so something my girls would do~ love it!fantastic tone!حبيت الفيرست وحبيت الفوكس وحبيت الكيكة :P

العمر كله يارب واكيد فيف
=)
kl 3am who b5eer;p
w3gbal sten 2lf sana yarb(h5)! 
about the pic@@! 
7rakat walla
fav 6yran ;pعزل رآئع :) 
تعديل رآئع .. 
الوآن رآئعه .. 
الصورة خقققققآقيه مآشآء الله  ^_^N!Ce ,, H.B.D 2 Him ( ^^^ ) H.B.Damazing one
Happy Birthday :DH.B.D~~
38baal 100 Sena ya Rab~
^.^
NiCe PiC~
mn 1 week1 kan my BirthDay ween caakety =(
=P
Keep it FoOoG
~
^.^

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرamaaaaaazing photo 
very very great 
keep it up until the top
comment plz
  H.B.D 2 Him raw3aa ♥.♥
H.B.DH.B.DamaziNg H.B.D
sure fav
H.B.D 
&lt;3 itlovely ♥

H.B.D

nice pic ^^
perfect
H.B.DHBD :$الفوكس رهيب 
كل عام واهو بخير 
قواج الله .HBD ( ^ )
PerFect&lt;3 FAV;**H.B.D ᶫᵒᵛᵉil3mr kllah inshalla =)  .. 

Akeed FAV ^^,Fav ~ ^,^

comment me =)HBD

=)Happy Birth Day to he'm . al3mr klllh enshallah . oO 38baal 1OO year'z ea rb . kl 3am oO he b5eer ×pP
al9ra7a Ebda3 ..
3geeba el photo .. 9g Fnn 
 Good luck  happy birthday :** raw3aaaaaaa al shooot &lt;3333ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

Rw3a ~

Keep

IT 

Up...

CoMenT me ~
H.B.D
Faaav *

   |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   happy birth day

كل  عام وهو بخير
عسى ايامه افراااح انشاءالله
حلوة الصوره
وكيب ات اب يالغاليه
كومنت مي ماعليج امر

perfect
H.B.DYummy,and H.B.D ♥H.B.DH.b.DaY tO hErE

NiCe

AmAzInG

cOmMeNt mE pLs3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteHappy BirthDay 
fav
H.B.D 2 him ;')H.B.D  2 HiM

NiCe PiC

AmAzInG

FaV

^^H.B.D

comment me pllz*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` ^_* 

??? ( `? على قلبي والله ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? نايس بكجرررر ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? روووووووعــهـ ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. تسلم الايااادي والله .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?..يعطيهم مليووون عااافيه .. ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. في قمت الابدااااع والله.. ? ` ) ??? H,B,D 
 like it and sure faaaave ;) Happy Birthday 2 HerHappy Birthday

lovely shoot sweeta ;)

H.B.D XD !


- 
- Amaz!nG
- n!!ce p!!c keep it up 
- 2bdaa3 mashalla &lt;33333***
- 
-comment me pleez  :(
كل عام واهو بخير

حبيت الفوكس وايد

تسلم الاياديhappy birthdaaaaay (^) &lt;3 tjnn elshot ,!H.B.Day

 Amazing

Row3a

Fave

Onley Note &amp; Fave

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/mony-qtr/4339953053/] TerrifiC !
H.B.DayHBD!
(^) ^.*
N1ce walla &amp; cool p!C !!
Fav~

comment me ;Dووووهـ ()
هاادية وزااهية
ومميزةperfect work !H.B.D

niiiiiiiiice shoooot

rooow3aaHBDthhanx all ;''

Amazing 




H . B . D 2 her ;)


H.B.D(^)! 
كل عآم وهـو بآلف خير .. ~
=) 

fave * H.B.D


co0oment me plz
niCe..niiice pic

comment me plzH.B.DHappy B'day 

gr8 taken &lt;3
R w 3 a a A *




a b d 3 t e ؛

,. F a v ~



www.flickr.com/photos/35316679@N06/4342237745


&lt;33


n!!ce

&lt;3 it so so much

^_*NiCe &lt;33

comment me ~~روعه وربيْ fave &lt;3 *Happy BirthdayH.B.D ;)H.B.DayHBDayyslmooH.B.D!HappyBirthday ~fav 

yuuuumynice shot &lt;3
well done ,,Ánh sáng đẹp :xcám ơn em đã mở hàng..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Uniquely Vietnamese girls, and we'd love to have this added to the group!anh ri kiem them den danh ven thi oke hen! anh dep lam anh!cám ơn Khánh.. từ từ em ơi... cái gì cũng từng bước chứ.. chắc chắn 2-3 đèn sẽ đẹp hơn rồiBeautiful lighting, very beautiful !yeah, thank you very much.. Janlove the lighting! great expression, lovely model and awesome capture!Oh, Thanks Zcherald.. You have a great insight..
bighugelabs.com/scout.php?username=43719888@N05&amp;sort=...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Precious! 

Seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Food stylism, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Lovely collectionbeautiful compositionMarvelous!  It is a very complex composition, but it really hangs together.  I like the colors you've chosen to use.Very nicely done.Really beautiful. Love the colors and the abstract feeling of it.admirable ☼

.Pretty set up.You've given this a lot of thought I assume. I like the empty space in the bottom. Love the little teapot too.i love you just the way you are, please come h ♥ m e
.really great compNicely done indeed, hope things are well with you!!Wonderful! You did a great job here!just fabulous!Precious! I really like the composition. The colors are so beautiful! 

Seen in Explore.this is soooooooo so fabulous...i love the arrangement here, Melina. why is the gap on the bottom, I wonder? any specific reason for that?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called AllEdges Still Life, and we'd love to have this added to the group!hey everybody, thank you so much for your hearty feedback! i had gathered elements for a while with thoughts of making this setup, wanting to keep colors muted, but with accents of red/wine/brown tones. your comments show superlative enthusiasm, which just makes my day! 

arfi, i made the empty space at the bottom to create a visual tension. rather than to have everything evenly placed, i thought it would intensify the effect by leaving some space unoccupied. this is a style i'd like to experiment with more, too. :)

thanks for the invitations - they've been added!
have a great weekend. thanks again for stopping by.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Beauty color blending photos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Fascinating image ! Have a good night !富士山スバラシイですね！

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice one!

Astonishing.Seen in

自然の写真館 / Nature Gallery確か、河口湖の前でこういう写真を撮ったことが
ありますが、敵いません。(当たり前か）
流石です。Beautiful shot. (^_^)すごく早起きして行ったんですね。月もまだ出ていて、幻想的です。
早起きしていった甲斐がありますね。素晴らしいショットです！Beautiful postcard!Wonderful!!!凄いですね〜！
こんな一枚撮ってみたい！Wonderfull:)素晴らしい！Stunning! Someday I want to go to this lake. I've never seen Fuji-san from this perspective.Awesome!!
Thank you for posting such wonderful image to our group.^0^
Seen in

自然の写真館 / Nature Gallery

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;自然の写真館 / Nature Gallery&quot;. ( ?² )Wonderful view, excellent work..素晴らしいですね。富士山はいつ見ても綺麗ですね。
早朝なのですね。
Seen in

自然の写真館 / Nature Gallerythis is very beautiful! amazing view!
Seen in

自然の写真館 / Nature Gallery素晴らしい風景！
富士山は本当に美しい山ですね。28mm相当の画角、ピッタリですね〜！美しいですね。

re: なにげに今日の水仙は私も気に入っています^^Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Wee Moon Photographs, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen in a tag search. ( ?² )早朝の富士、すばらしいですね。
この時期の朝はものすごく冷えますよね。くっきりと美しい景色です。
朝の半月、私も見ました。subarashiMagnificent sight! I like the ring of cloud!Wow, what a gorgeous scene !!冬の澄んだ空気感がありますね。
今が一番綺麗な富士山が見れますかね？
お月さんと、湖畔の灯りが良い雰囲気ですね！amazing!!!! :DThis is just amazingly beautiful ~ so serene!! :-)Magic!

Seen on Fluidr稟とした富士山がお見事です！月も印象的ですね。Excellent!


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)So wide . Love it !Beautiful shot
weldoneHi, I'm an admin for a group called ANIMALES,PAISAJES,TODAS TUS FOTOS P1C3 - CONCURSO PÁJAROS-VOTE, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fantastic place... great image!!Excellent capture my friend.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Stunning shot!!
Congrats!!

Seen on Explore/interesting/2010/02/07Stunning Fujiyama shot!Simply incredible view !wonderful shot so very beautiful! 


Nice Shot!!!Please post the excellent photo at
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer Paradise

攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer ParadiseExcellent photographer!

Seen in FRIENDS group.
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer Paradise
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer Paradise

攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer Paradise

攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer Paradise
 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer ParadiseHi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Congrats on Explore!What a fantastic view on that mountain.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )

攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer Paradisevery very nice work..Wonderful view.... excellent work.WOW !! Beautiful !!so beautiful !!!!So awesome! I wish I could go there someday! :)

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)
 
Congratulations !!
You win the top honor of Photographer Paraeise !!!
Please post the perfect photo at 
攝影人天堂的最高榮耀 
Top Honor of Photographer Paradise
 
攝影人天堂的最高榮耀 
Top Honor of Photographer Paradiseやっぱり富士山が遠くから見た方が綺麗ですね！Wow! What an incredible view

Seen on FluidrNice capture.



攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer ParadiseI like this great night shot.
攝影人天堂的最高榮耀
Top Honor of Photographer Paradisebeautiful!

--
http://www.flickriver.com/ (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Landscape,Seascape,Skyscape QUALITY Photography! Post 1 Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful!very beautiful 

This capture is impressive!!! Please, accept this Award!!
Thanks for sharing your picture, as it definitely looks....

This photography has been seen in The Landscape, Seascape &amp; Skyscape QUALITY Photography Group.This capture is impressive!!! Please, accept this Award!!
Thanks for sharing your picture, as it definitely looks....

This photography has been seen in The Landscape, Seascape &amp; Skyscape QUALITY Photography Group.

Beautiful image!
Well done! Please add this picture and join in:


I LIKE YOUR STYLE!!
Please Post 1, Award 1, Invite 1
Wonderful view! superb exposure! :)

--
Seen in the group&quot;Nature is lovely&quot; ( ?² )Wonderful shot and compositionBorromini! Uno dei più grandi architetti della storia dell'architettura occidentale.... e San Carlino è un gioiello per me emozionante!
Bellissimo b/n, che esalta la luce ed i profili delle forme.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/24001995@N02/] Effeivamente nn posso che condividere il tuo punto di vista...ne sono rimasta affascinataExcellent perspective and clarity.deliziosa !Fantastic capture, really sharp image, great work!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Barocco Romano. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ottimo scatto!! Luci meravigliose!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Bella simmetria.sono incredibili queste strutture..oltre l'arte..proprio la forza..Spettacolare!Splendida composizione, dove la luce viene ulteriormente impreziosita dalla delicatezza dei toni.
:-)

Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazabellissima immagine di una chiesa straordinaria...


 Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazarigore, pulizia, ma anche levità ed eleganza, come si conviene a un soggetto del genere
brava!!

You are invited: ***carousel of light***


ATTENTION AWARD MODERATED QUEUEun'inquadratura superba!Eccezionale la luce, stupenda la compo e grande la sensazione che restituisce l'immagine!
Davvero di grande impatto, Giusy!Scatto imponente...ottimo lavoro!bellissima!bella e luminosa,senti la presenza ...dall'alto....ciao GiusygrandiosaCongrats,a absolutely fantastic shot.
I will have it !!!Luce paradisiaca e simmetria perfetta !!!davvero uno splendido scorcio l'inquadratura è molto suggestiva

c'ero anch'io!!!!
un bacione:-)ribadisco anche qui i miei complimenti per una foto che ritengo difficile da eseguire con un risultato così valido!!!!!!![http://www.flickr.com/photos/8147491@N02/] Grazie davveroLovely sharp image.........great textures!Prospettiva di grande effetto, con una perfetta gestione della luce.
Mi piace anche la scelta del taglio quadrato

Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazaWhat a striking image! 

Seen in Explore.Intersting!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )LOVE it!! Great focus!interesting and superb shot!!!oh! nice!

Guido

seen in my home page


A string instrument? - however, I love that beauty!Brilliant abstraction!Beauty!Fascinating!beautifully restaged!Amazing focus!Wonderful mysterious glowing.Great !very nice!Cool Image!Fascinating abstract.beautiful in every wayHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe The SUPEROSITY of most things! , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.compliment for this shot. it's super!Interesting shot !

www.flickr.com/groups/superosity/pool/Great find and beautiful light.beautiful compositionHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Zeitgeist - The Spiritual Machine / admin invited only /, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.superb abstractgreat graphic - as always!
seen in: Zeitgeist - The Spiritual Machine / admin invited images only: 

www.flickr.com/groups/1354899@N23/Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Art-Digital *Invite Only* P- 1 C-3 , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest. Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artists

 Invited images onlyExcelente....Muy bonita imagen, me gusta Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artists

 Invited images only****************Very beautiful !****************
.........C|h|ú|c|m|ừ|n|g|n|ă|m|m|ớ|i !.........
T|h|a|n|k||||||||||||y|o|u|||||||||||s|o|||| |||||||m|u|c|h !..... FABULOUS!

seen in: Zeitgeist - The Spiritual Machine / admin invited images only:

www.flickr.com/groups/1354899@N23/Great abstractSci-Fi - superb abstract image.fantabulous!one super shot...well done!!!!Sweet light!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)it looks like guitar.nice sense miss ande.....VISIT MY FLICKR:

www.flickr.com/grippabru

*-*Really sweet :-)
Une bonne semaine!love the legwarmers and the hazy tone!so cute.  love the warmers and toes too!Très sympa j'aurais peut-être pas mi de filtre ou de texture, tu as fait un traitement sur la photo ?Gosh love those leg warmers!!

HBMWelcome, it´s my first bench monday today too;)
HBMan adorable first bench shot, hbm!Delicious pic!what wonderful leg warmers and pose!!! love, love, love!sweet leggings!  Welcome.  HBMC'est mignon et rafraîchissant ....;)Love the leg warmers! HBM!Oh, this is so cute! HBM!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)this is so very sweet...  cute little footsies....  wonderful colorawww cute toes!  HBM!Tres belle image!  HBM !:))very beautiful~
HBM!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)so cute! I love the leg warmers, nice shot!Cute!  Love those leg warmers and soft tones.tres belle cet photo!
bien penser la bande noir,ca fait resortir la robe.Nice shot! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Beautiful! Love the border and the soft and beautiful tones :-) The crop is awesome :-)Those little toes are too cute! Great capture.رائعة يا ريان
كالعادة , تعديلك يأسرني

كل التوفيق يا غالي

إحسآس رآقي والله :)

أوقآت كثييييرة يكون سر جمآل اللقطة في بسآطتهآ وهآلشي انت أكثر وآحد تجيده

وآصل

ما شاء الله تبارك الله
مثل العاده مبدع ما شاء الله عليك
تستاهل الـ 

بالتوفيق يا الغالي
^_^loved every part in it ..
wonderful perspectiveلقطة حلللووووه ماشاء الله
تسلم أخويFantastic bokeh..



I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough?Faisal
شكراً فيصل
أسعدني كثير تواجدك 

alass
ميرسي أختي 
الدنيا حلوه وأهم مافيها التحلي بالأمل والثقه ... وهذا المبدأ اللي حاولت أظهره من خلال العمل :)

Abdulkareem
بعدي والله عبد الكريم 
ألف شكر لك ياغالي

Somayah
Loved that you loved it :)
and glad to have you here

Bano
يسلم غاليك
شكراً :)Hector
Thanks for the nomination :Dرائعة ،جميلة بـ بساطتها يا ريان , 
تعديل جميل أيضاً .. 

دمت بخير (F)

جميلة جدا رايان..

تسلم يديك...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Fatimah
ميرسي :)

Kaltham
شكراً كلثم 
:)

Shrf
يسلم غاليك
شكراً شرف :)
Great Photo! 
This photo was seen in Black and White Photography =),

يآااااه ,

مآاشاء الله 

بالرغم من بسآطتهآ الا أنهآ جسدت معنى الأمل , 

حسيتهآ تصلح تصير وآجهة لكتآاب , أو روآايه ^^ 

بوركتم ,~
Great Photo!
This photo was seen in Black and White Photography =)Oh man this is outstanding!  Your title is so perfect!  I wish hope is more than a theory.  Wow this image makes me believe it's real.الله عليك يا كبيــــر
رآئعه ومُفعمة بالاحساس والله

سألتزم الصمت حتى لا أقتل جمالها :)

تحية اكباار  :)brilliant ! love the title..You have a magical eye !
Not every one will pass by this pretty plant and say okay this is too beautiful , and shoot  !
You find everything beautiful and make it more beautiful than before.Where is that shore..!!
Will you take me there?..    :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Captain
Thanks!

Nwara
شكراً نواره ... وهي بالفعل فكرة لواجهة كتاب
إذا انتهيت منه إن شاء الله ... والله يستر لأنه الظاهر ما وده ينتهي :)

منوره أختي 

Innamorato
Thank you!

Artsee
Well, I guess it depends on how you perceive hope. It's more than a theory. It's a proven theory, a fact if you will that exists only in the purest of hearts, and is usually driven by perseverance :)
Thank you so much Donna. It's always a pleasure having you here :)

charisma
شكراً لك اختي
أخجلتم تواضعنا 

دائماً يسعدني تواجدك العطر
لا خلا ولا عدم  يارب 

Iam
Thank you. Glad you do :)

Fatimah
Thank you so much Fatimah. Your words meant a lot to me :)
It's always lovely having you here as it is lovely to read your feedback.

Beautiful photos are everywhere. Just find the light :)

Hanan
Well, Geological wise I think it's somewhere south, but I assure you that for me its actual location is yet to be discovered by man! 
We all need to be there whenever the going gets tough, so yeah. We'll all go :D
Thank you Hanan :)جميله اللقطه واحساسها جميل
تسلم اياديكحلوه مره 
حبيت التآثير ()

..يسلم غاليك 
سعدت انها أعجبتك 
وشكراً على مرورك :)Haifa
شكراً هيفا :)
منورهRheba &lt;3ماشاء الله ..

جدآ رآئعه .. التون جدآ مميزهـ

حبيتها جد (f)Maryomation
Merci !

wardt
شكراً ورده 
أسعدني انها لاقت إعجابك :)تجنن
وحبيت ادتك عليها اعطاها روح ثانيةياااااااااااااااااي تهبببل ماشالله


حبيت اللون كثير راايق

والكلام بعد احلى
amazingريآن ، 
كم تأسرني إلتقاطاتك المبهره 
ألوانها هادئه ، وجميله وتشع بالأمل والثبـات

**

كان إختيارك لموضوع الإلتقاطه الجميله هذه
موفق ~

**

أنتظر عملك القادم بشغف ~SALMA
شكرً سلمى :)
حبيت تواجدك هنا 

a7la Donya
لول
ميرسي اختي
منوره :)

Doody
Thanks!

Sarah
شكراً لـ تواجدك الراقي جدا ساره :)
سعدت كثير إنها نالت إعجابكsuperb Hope is always there =D
Excellent work, especially the Edit .. well done
and waitin` your new ...جميله جدا

explorevery N!!!Ce p!CBeautiful work and great title!اقول روعة!!!
اقول واااااو 
اقول فنااان 
!!!!!!

شوية في حقك 

موفق إن شاء اللهتحفه
واكسبلور يا معلم
www.flickr.com/explore/interesting/2010/02/07/page45/Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!جميلة  , راقني التون 

كل التوفيقmasha2 allah 2bdaaaa3 

amazing &lt;3FAV For Sure :)

I pick this photograph to be on the cover of National Geographic 
National Geographic: Are You Good Enough? 

happy valentine!!!Soft capture &amp; Lovely words .. :)
Love it ~Me gusta el concepto,mientras hay vida hay esperanza.

Un saludo.


Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~great compo + great dof+ great tones+ great Rayan= Dynimate pic

congrats on explore buddy :)أول شي



بعدين نجي للملاحظات&lt;&lt; ما بقي الا انت

اي ملاحظات واي هم

والله انك مبدع

حتى الثماااالة

الله يوفقك اخوي ريان

ريان = سفير التميزالواانها وطرقة الظلال فيها 
شي رائع :) وخصوصاً الكلمات 
مع الصوره كونت تعبير عميق 
ابدعتAbsolutely stunning! 
Another very impressive, arresting capture&lt;33!! 
mashallah 7ta el wordz are amazing :D
b9ra7h klmt fnaaan gleelah fe 7agk  u5oi !

j3l ymnak salmh w bay'9 allah wajhk *F*
Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~great one !!
i love it ...Amaziing 



-to ma FAVريان
هذا ما تعودناه  عليك يالغالي
ما شاء الله عليك يالغالي 
بجد مبدع يا ريان

اكيد favرووووووووووووعه
تعديل رآقي
وأسلوب جميل

فيف
ودي
=)I like how the faded colors blend really well with the concept;Awesome tonesروووووعه
كعادتك اخوي 

متابعة جديدك =)يا رآيق .. روعه هاللقطه بكـل تفاصيله 
ابدعتراائعه يافنان وربي ريان تعديلك ولا اروع منه بجد ابدعت بقوه 

سلمت يدينك علي هل التميز 

تقبل مروريتنطق روعتن و جمال =Dلقطة تبعث الأمل مع كلماتها 
فدرب الأمل لاينقطع فبالتمسك بديننا والإقتداء برسولنا تبتسم لنا دنيانا وتنير قلوبنا
مبدع كالعادة يا اخ ريان ما شاء الله
التون خيالي 
يعطيك العافيةfantastic conceptwonderful ~Name ~  mangrove ~ ต้นไม้จำพวกโกงกาง !

so  lovely  :)العنوان مناسب جدا للصورة
و الفوكس واجد مضبوط ما شاء الله
مبدع كعادتك
:)

بالتوفييييقاليييييييييييمه بجد :قلب: وه احب هذي الالوان 

يامال العافيه والعرس المبكر وكل ابو شي اطخمججداا رائعه
كلها شموووخ الصوره
الايدت جميل
تسلم يدينك ريان
= )راقت لي ,, وتمنيت لو نزلت توقيعك الى اسفل قليلا 

موفق ياربJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)wow this is amazingamazingVery special - well done!i love the way the color yellow continues into the depth of the photo!so fabulous! perfect yellows...lovelyThe pot in the background echoes the yellows in the shoes so well!oooh, i love those chucks.  i want some yellow ones too!Brighteyedblessings: yes! was accidentally!


Thanks to all!!oooohhhhhh!

damelas!!!! jajajajaja! 

(no estes triste, con esas zapas da para comerse el mundo!!)

besote!soooo good!!awesome!  love those chucks.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado All Star lovers of the world y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Love the color and the crisp focus!Thanks! Thanks! Thanks!!!!My fave, awesome shot!I love this!Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.Thank you very much!!Excellent .. love it :)love that procession of yellow great imageaahhhh nothing like a new pair of Chucks.Yes!! I think I prefer used shoes,  sometimes with new shoes my feet hurts, but it´s not with all star! 

Thank you all!!!soO N!ce P!c .. 

&lt;3 yellow ..


coOmment me &amp; NoOTe pleezzz..This is really good! The colors are so beautiful! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Ooh! Now I want yellow converse!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado For The Love Of Converse y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.brittanyejade  and LOlandese Volante: yes,  it´s a very original color! 

Thanks all again!great..and explored :)fine catch!:-)))COOL SHOT!!! : seen in :

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui spring is coming :)fantastic capture, excellent details and colours

You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerCOOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)メジロ可愛い！
メジロを見ると春が来たって気がしますね。So cute shot!Fantástica!!!!!You have very nice shot, Best wish to you.
Cheers......Very well-done. What kind of bird is it? In Central Europe we don't have this species.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photos of QUALITY  to Smile About /POST 1 COMMENT ON 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Lovely capture.ウメにメジロがとっても似合いますね。素晴らしいショットです。beautiful!!!!!Beautiful blue sky.Cute !まさに春!!の一枚ですね。now this is a great shot to welcome the Chinese New Year !Lovely, your cherry blossom/bird photos are great.What lovely bird shot!メジロかわいいですね。残念ながらこちらにはいません。beautiful ~~excellentGorgeous Yumi!!!!
RichardExcellent!
Wonderful colors!Awww......beautiful !Well done!Beautiful capture!So beautiful!!バッチリ撮れていますね。すばらしいです
Congrats on Explore!seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****I like the composition in this wonderful shot.beautiful!

 
I saw this Great Photo in: Photos of Quality to Smile About Please leave 2 Comments.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Photos of QUALITY  to Smile About /POST 1 COMMENT ON 2&quot; (?)Very sharp image, well done.so cute :)this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Beautiful capture! Nice colour and composition!梅にメジロは合いますね。Sugoi! You really have the symbols of spring here! Beautiful shot!Fantistica!!! Complimenti !!!!!!!!!

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

amazing green! love that focus!

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE Beautiful! Congratulations on EXPLORE my friend! Well deserved.
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Frozen Life Moments -  Post 1/ Comment 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your Preferred Picture , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called All memories are welcome 1 post 3 comments, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 Excellent bird photo !Wonderful capture!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )great shot!
This is a beautiful image!!
Your photo was viewed in:


'Your Preferred Picture'Your photo is excellent! 

Thank you for sharing with us 
&lt;
www.flickr.com/groups/frozen_life_moments/I've had similar success with this.
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/digitalanalog/3532216322/]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!excellent shot !Really fun shot! I just hope he doesn't fall on his head!うわ〜！ダイナミックな構図！
あっち側にいるときではなくコッチ側というのがニクいですね。 ichigo!! さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 Eric Flexyourhead さん 
Thank you so much, Eric :-)

 monbikke さん
公園で写真撮ってたら、あぅという間に子供に拉致されて撮らされたんすよー、しくしく。なんで、写真とってると子供はわんさか寄ってくるっすかねぇ・・・ :-Dあ、セルフタイマー？たのしんでますね～
フジの白黒は中判でつかったことなくて、見る度につかいたくなるなるっす可愛いですね～４０越えたら子供見ると
キュンキュンしますｗ

kkzykさんは人徳じゃないっすか♪
子供は見抜きますから。すごい！これー！！:D
私はやんちゃな中学生とか若いトラックの運ちゃんとかに
からかわれることあります。。orzThis is Stunning Kazuyuki-sensei..
In my opinion this found his right way in color..but it's perfect the same way..
twitted!!FUN!this is greatうわー凄い瞬間！うぉ　すごい体勢ですね。
ワンパクだな～great shot... brings back childhood memories!!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Remember and sens, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Excellent capture, Kazuyuki! :)いやーいいですねー。この写真、サイコーじゃないですか！あははは、子供は本当に心配も遠慮もなく楽しめますね。うらやましいです。kkzykさんがカメラ持っていたから、彼の一番すごい技見せてるんじゃないですか？：D:)  !dare devil!!Wow, looks like the kid has been trained in the circus !  Haha, I like your perspective !  Way cool !貴男もガキもすごいです。kid must be having a good timeSugoi!Totally fabulous !cute - that looks like a hard shot to take - little dof means you must have been focusing pretty accurately, and i wonder if the kid could have hit you on his way back?  nice one as usual.hehe brings back memories :)Magical shot Kazuyuki-san! Wonderful action capture!!....Looks dangerous!!This definitely couldn't have been easy to shoot. Nice work.Made me smile :)Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!ハハハ！さすが完璧なタイミング ᴷᵁᴿᴵ さん 
そうそう、セルフポートレートね :-)
僕は感覚的には、固い方から Kodak 400TX → Fuji Neopan 400 PRESTO → Kodak TMAX400って感じで使い分けることが多いっす。Neopan 400はなんか透明感が出ることが多いような気がする。

 *せつなっち
僕は、犬っすね。犬にモテます。全く役にたたないっす・・・ XD

 Gafo | Tokyo Blues さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 kymak さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 Jo Sand-Mann さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 cocoaloco さん 
他の人が目撃してたんですが、まわりに子どもが群がってました :-)

 ezken29 さん 
まわりの子が、この子の写真撮ってあげてーという話だったので、撮ってるんですが、本人恥ずかしいみたいで、めっちゃぶりしてますねぇ　:-D

 Pic-O-Fest さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 paraphrénia さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 シャッターBUG さん 
You got a new icon!! :-)

 modern_classic さん 
あらよって感じで撮ってるので、他のとか全然だめでしたねぇ。子供はいろんな意味で写真が撮るのが難しいですよね。

 ryamane さん 
でもちょっと気を使いますけどね :-)

 Jiang D 蔣世基 さん 
:-D

 ym32 さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 Colourful Life (Teresa) さん 
He was about to jump to me :-)

 giovanegian さん 
もう、まわりに群がって大変でした :-) Bokeh Master さん 
Sure!! :-D

 tlate hiin さん 
ぴったりでフォーカスの中に飛び込んできてくれました :-)

 Jiro T さん 
thank you so much :-)

 Charlie Kirk (popularity contest) さん 
hehehe, I was slightly out of the scope of his attack :-)
 keef! さん 
thank you so much :-)

 khai_nomore さん 
He is a fearless boy :-)

 Society Works さん 
Thank you so much, Kiem :-)

 camera_obscura さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 karlephoto さん 
Thank you so much :-)

 thericerocket26 さん 
いやぁ、でもみんな集まってきて騒がしかったよねぇ :-)プランコよく　遊びました♪
このあと　半回転して　着地ですよねッ!Love it! Takes me back, although I fell off and cracked my head open whilst attempting a parachute jump!びっくり！！
限りなく逆さまに近い乗りこなし方がすごいですね！！
子供は大胆でいいなぁ。楽しそう＾＾ナイスタイミングですね!今にもこちらに飛んできそうです＾＾ kkzyk 
Aye, new doudou icon for 2010. It's from doudou's 2008 polaroid though :Pwow.. I want to do so too :))素晴らしい！　最近は、こうしてダイナミックに
ブランコこぐ子供って、あまり見かけなくなった気がします。
昔は、そこから飛んで、飛距離競ったりしましたよね^^so cool!!!おお、あんだけ子供たちにいじられつつも素晴らしいショットですね！！いい写真ですねー！

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Precious! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.わ、めちゃくちゃかっこいい、これ！！Now I know what play looks like. &quot;Great shot.すごい瞬間ですね！
臨場感があって最高！
頭打たないかちょっと心配。。Great shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!すごい！
もうニヤニヤしてしまいました＾＾
うちの子にもこのぐらいダイナミックに漕いでほしいです。笑
ハッセルで瞬時にこのショットが撮れるなんて神です★Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Show  ur  Snaps, and we'd love to have this added to the group!num nums.
Colourful and tasty I am sureSimply yum :)I think they are the cure....what could be better than something this gorgeous and tastes so good?  Wonderful shots and now I want something very sweet!!  :)Stunning my friend !! So dreamy...Mmmm..I'll take one...or two...or three...lol Looks tasty !!!! Beautiful composition!!!i have been seeing macaroons all over flickr lately, and i've never had this type before.  this is so well done, rosy .... the shop should use these in their advertising!  ;)Beautiful set!yes...please~
beautifully composed Rosy~yum

--
Seen in some comments. (?)Oh my goodness!I have been seeing these on flickr lately  and have got to find them !!!OMG Rosy! My mouth is watering and I just want to eat this photo, it's so lovely! 

I fibbed in my note above, all those flavours are my favs and I've had them all, except for the gorgeous heart-shaped choc-ginger delight in the foreground!  The dark violet [tile?] against the green &amp; gold make such a nice contrast against these divine little morsels .... But, pray tell, how did you find the willpower to resist eating them long enough to take these wonderful photos?!?Such a sweet treat for us!PLEASE ADD YOUR PICTURE TO

Fabulous photography award
(POST 2 AWARD 5)ooh, love the heart-shaped one, looks mouthwateringly delicious!SWEET shot...Yum yum!  the flavors sound so very enticing!  Will they lift the blues?  Dunno... perhaps the answer is in whoever you shared them with...  (oh, never end a sentence with a preposition *~*)Here we go again....Rosy I was losing it today...ate four Truffles and  feel to guilty everytime I do that...and looking at this image makes me crave for it again...re: crow I don't if I am not in areas where the crows are but first time I have seen them in the area where I live, I love to hear their noice, and they cannot hide from me becuase of that ..lol

I'm not sure if you made them yourself but they look so inviting!Even the names sound delicious! I hope they just made your Sunday. I must go eat cookies now.oooooooooh these are trouble :) but oh so beautiful and yummy (I can't keep them in my house :) we love them!)Yum!  Which one(s) are your favourite?  They all look so good! 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)drooling!Beautiful !

EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestI will have plenty of snowstorm pics to upload as soon as my power is restored and we can move back into out (freezing) home! In the meantime, do me a favor and send positive thoughts this way!  The worst-case scenario has the power coming back on Friday.
Needless to say, I won't be around much, as we're moving around between friends' and family's homes! ~~Ugh!oooh these look tasty !Yum, sweet colors!Beauttiful work!Great CURE. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum!Nice!!!! Never ate macarons, but they are soooooo photogenic!!! :-)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Hummmmmmmm hum.... che dolce meraviglia..........chissà che buoni !!!
Ciao ciao Rosy, ti auguro una felice settimana........... Baci baci

Hai ragione, mi sono assentata un po' da flickr, sono andata ad assistere un mio cugino, per un intervento chirurgico !!

Hummmmmmmm hum .... how sweet wonder .......... who knows that good!
Hello Hello Rosy, I wish you a happy weeks ........... Kisses kisses

You're right, I'm away a bit 'from flickr, I went to attend my cousin, for surgery! (sorry but do not know English)This is most certainly a cure for the blues :-)  Cool shot !Nice balance. The bokeh'ed tea chest in the background iis he icing on this cake!mmmmmmmm I will go grab some coffeeyummmm


EXPOSITION GROUP
5 + awards POST HERE to enter in the weekly contestThis shot is gorgeous Rosy and I love love the colors and of course I would probably love the flaves of these macarons too!  Beautiful depth and image!!!!  ;-)  Happy week ahead my dear!  Hugs, LuluI've never seen these before, they look so good!  

This Image has been awarded the Golden Lens for Outstanding Achievement.
*** Post 1 &amp; Award 2 ***
 TheShutterbug Cafe'Looks like a BALANCED DIET to me! Beautifully captured!Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, i'd love to taste these....love this, Rosy.How Delicious !! I give up ! :) I have no idea which one I would try first ! Beautiful comp. &amp; capt. ! Excellent result !!!Yum!Oh my...these look devine(licking lips)!!I don't know what it is but macarons seem to be all the rage the past few years.  So pretty and colorful, Rosy!They  look delicious! : )If I wasn't already sitting here with a cup of hot cocoa and an oatmeal raisin cookie, I'd be drooling right now.

I'm safe from your macaroons for now, lol! Although..........
I'd like the heart shaped one, please! Ha!

Delightful, rosy!I like this picture best of the macaroons. They look as if they're playing at being in the circus. They look so crisp and tasty too. Sharp macaroons and soft focus plate is a very clever effect.I love Macarons.  especially of Laduree... &lt;3Dear Rosy, It will be such a pleasure to all the members of this group to see your wonderful, artistic photography!

this is simply beautiful 
  
please post this photo in SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL-Yummy yummy! Your little tea chest looks delightful, too, and I don't even like tea! Haha. How'd I'd love to drop by for tea and cookies. Have seen these macarons everywhere ad nauseum, but have never had a chance to eat one.Lovely title here sis!Your marvelous still life sent everyone out for sugar  :)
Love the textures and color.  Well done!!


This Image has been awarded the Golden Lens for Outstanding Achievement.
*** Post 1 &amp; Award 2 ***
 TheShutterbug Cafe'so good!  the photo and the macaroons!great shot....! looking amazing as always...!It is fun, isn't it? Love the light :)Charlie, I never tire of seeing your beautiful face!

Have a wonderful lazy day :-)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Amazing comnination of focus, DOF and light (and braided hair, of course!). Absolutely gorgeous!Looks like there is something very interesting happening just outside the window. Or are we just being a peeking dolphin?Wonderful shot 

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us! 



Nice weekend 

Hansreally fantastic bigger on black, and perfect for a rainy Sunday :)A wonderful shot....I find myself doing the same thing! (=Looks like you are contemplating the winner of the Super Bowl today.

;-)charlie- you are so gorgeous and your shots are always so amazing!A «lazy» creation process can be so wonderful !This rocks - nice work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portraits exquis, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

fine portrait !Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SoulScapes *Invite Only* Post 1 Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is a great shot..the lighting is great...looks like your waiting impatiently... and the braid in your hair adds some nice detail...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called We Are Free, and we'd love to have this added to the group!whats out there?!This is beautiful Charlie...your eyes are wonderful...:)Superb light, Charlie! love the softness.Great lightstunning shotGorgeous catchlight in your left eye and the blondes in your ponytail look so soft and smooth - lovely!You looking out of a window always makes a nice shot.your to photogenic . lovely phototoo londoweather to b out, isnt ? x

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Curious look, beautiful capture.love the lighting and expression in your eyes. Hope you're doing well Charlie...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Humanity, A Love Story, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Your use of focus is getting scary good charlie- esp considering it's a selfie and you can't see what you're actually shooting. Digging those catchlights too!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I always love your window shots. In fact, I think the first window shot I ever saw on Flickr was one of yours.my sunday's been dragging too ... argh !Great DoF.... Shutters RAWK!always beautiful.Ahoy, Viking maiden! :Pflawless :)I  like  your  photo!And why not? Did you spy anything saucy?Must be waiting in for the postie...

Interesting blur effect.what are the neighbours up to? did they sell that house? someone else moved in?yes I am having a nice one...did you?  
you are gorgeous...the one in our neighbor hood is about 60 that is the nosy one...you should consider trading your posts with her!Beautiful picture. Love the lightit looks like you're either witnessing some seriously compelling neighbour drama, or you think that &quot;they&quot; have started tapping your phonecalls and replacing your friends and loved ones with alien replicators.good shot, i like thisGreat softness! Great expression!
Beautiful as always!Love the focal plane, color in the window. The catch-light, you.  Just wonderful...Best way to pass some time.super filtered light.. amazing gaze!Woww!! beautiful photo (:fantastic window light shotI love the bright on your eyesStunningly beautiful... as always!neighborhood drama is better entertainment than TV!That large version has fab detail, love that plait and how your focus is perfectly on your eye.  Good to see you at your post, keeping watch. (was the milkman being naughty again?) *chuckle*

OK, game time.... see ya!just awesome
love the subtle lightlove natural window lighting. This is such a lovely self portrait. Happy Sunday.Nice capture.beautiful plait!! something a bit different.. lol you have so so many window shots!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ohh so gorgeous gorgeous.Beautiful!fabulous!!ooooh what a catchlight. There's something so wistful in your expression....LOVES xPeeping at the neighours? LOL!
Lovely shot - really like the lighting in this x

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Definately an A+ !
Gorgeous light, setting and model you picked hereWhat are your neighbors up to?Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Female portraits by a window, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great light...It looks like you're eagerly looking for your man to return home. Gorgeous :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)&quot; my heart is uncontrollable to tell myself - where are you ? when are you going to come home? I'm missing you very much &quot;

lemon.Hahaha great! Made me think of Petunia in Harry Potter =PLove this.
As if you are looking out for someone in vain.damn! your hair :-)
love it how you have captured the light and balanced the contrast. neat!super shot :)you look silky and gorgeous, not a day over 25. braid my hair like that when we are in paris, oui?Very good capture! I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.The gentle and nature light are the very best.  Beautiful!In case you don't know yet, I am enjoying your CDSPY3 work immensely!
The tone is excellent and you are as moody, introspective and sardonic as ever!  Really lovely work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE PHOTOCRAFT , and we'd love to have this added to the group!so greatThis is absolutely breathtaking Charlie! x

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called &quot;Portraiture is a window to the soul.&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!love thisHi, I'm an admin for a group called ***All beautiful shots and many more. (Invited photos only).*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Thanks.love the lighting its perfectGreat light.dang girl. your good! :D lolyou are so talented.wow! you're great. hope she doesn't see this :Poh gosh i do really like this. i love the way the light comes inyeah this really is quite inspiring. you're quite the artist!Drawing while listening to music--the best thing in the world next to photographyits one of my favorite things to do. really. 

thank you everyone.this is so cool
you are just one of those people that are just
cool.
that sounds like quite a wonderful daygorgeous shot, perfectly lit and composed!i love this so much.didn't realize you drew :)aw, can you show us the done draw?
you're really talantedi looove the lighting!
and wow that drawing looks really good! :)that is like my dream day right there.The composition of this is real great. 
I love drawing while listening to music.
It's an escape of sorts.you seriously know how to draw! haha!you're good. i like the light in the cornerthat bit of light coming in on your drawing is so perfect.i think you should show everybody yr drawings, too.
and ever since i was a child i've adored it when girls hold their pencils like that.interesting!What an interesting capture! I really like the composition. 

Seen in Explore.i love this so much.
i love everything you post.
i want to be you.this has been my last forever hahahexcellent...remarkable photography, Asja!Odlična! Kao apstrakcija, a znamo da nije! :-)It IS cold today - I hope that's not a frozen octopus...Cool macro! Love the simplistic background.well seen !beautiful!!!Amazing shot !nice capture and awesome clarityvery nice macro work...so creativeKrasan makro,koja ljepota na običnom konopu,a divno je ,što je crven:)frozen world , lovely captured

I am admin of this group called Concordians. We would love it for you to share your pictorial moments with us.


Concordians
please tag you picture &quot;concordians&quot;nice capture !!Wow...amazing shot!!Awesome macro! Congratulationsgreat shot!Great stuff. I never tire of images such as this...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Dazzling detail and a wonderful splash of color! :)thank you everyone!Beautifully takenWonderful macro with great details.cold yes, but fantasticBrrrrrr!
Cool shot!EXCELENTE IMAGEN  ! ! !

Foto comentada por José Báez: 

Visita sus fotosJust for you; Cry me a river..Barbra Streisand

www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS7TbVuHtRI&amp;NR=1

Your image such the beautiful work from camera and I love it.

SPLENDID PHOTO!! YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST.. by The Admin. considered.

INSPIRE Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool
Be happy, be happy:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  SCHITTA  Fotoclub, and we'd love to have this added to the group!as of nothing!
just spectacular this is.i JUST LOVE THE COMPOSITIONnice compositionchorommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)Very nice capture..one can hide their past and move on as if nothing happened.
you will never know.
So hope for the better, and be prepared for the worst.One of the very best shots that I came across this week. Spectacular capture bhaia! All three with their wings spread, and the beautiful tone (oh i so love this tone!) and brilliant background. Ultra-cool stuff indeed! \m/vaia....kopakupi akta compo.
awesome tone&quot;i cannt determine ur future...as i cannt determine ur present&quot; 
he he this is from general statement of the theory of uncertainty.....may be answer to our curiosity towards
 &quot;kotha hote elum,kothay achi ,kothay jamu&quot;intriguing compo! :))
*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
 just awasome......................woooooooooooooooooow...


Shudhui Bangla -y dekhechi.aaand brilliant focusing there! =Dgreat 

----------
can't check ur photostream due to the exam.sorry.this is so extraordinarily beautiful.Wonderful shot, Ifty !!!
The light is so great and the motion of the birds is fabulous !
Big fave ...stuning shot

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)They look a free spirited flock don't they?  I do like the tone.  You know what I love best about sepia-ish tones?  They remind me of those sepia printed books we used to get as kids in Bangladesh.  I love the illustrations and smell on those.  They remind me of happy times and make me smile.

These birds look like they belong to one of those books perhaps :]

And the words from that song/poem just fits so perfectly to the image, doesn't it. story.teller They do =P I was thinking about not posting this on account of the birding, but then figured that this is hardly classic bokehtastic-see-the-whites-of-your-eye bird photography, and the poem just sealed the deal =)

 )Butterfly(_alla rıcerca deı puntını sulle ı Thank you =)

 Photoma's World Thankee, Yvette! I still want to try to get something like that epic bird photo of yours I love so much =P

 for the love of trousers Thanks, Cesca dear. Been a while! =P

 Alo Adhari Heh, thanks, and no worries =P

 TMAB2003 Dude, a classic 300mm is an object of beauty and joy =) focusing on it is awesome.

 Aporajita1 =D

 OBANCHITO Heh heh heh. gelo mathhar upor diye =P

 ShohorBondi =D 

 ° ρЯίтΛм ° [busy] Got lucky, eh? Some of the other frames are nice too. I'll edit and post later when I get my hands back =)

 -Kittypie- Aye =)

 shibu_photographer08 Thank you =)

 -SAGOR- Thanks! =)

 )-: arif :-) =)

 Rumayysa Thanks =DLovely tones and great capture of the birds.Thanks for posting this photo to the group!
Seen and admired in
 The Inspiring Photograph 

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Inspiring Photograph&quot; (?)ur photostream became a uniquely compo-born disease to me broh! love the light-outline and truly a live piece!Wow, the yellow and the blue, so vibrant and wonderful. 
Enjoy your Sunday my friend. 
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Great colour, beautiful compositionGreat colours!Love the contrasting colors! Well done :)amazing composition! great contrast!a striking shot..also in colour very powerful....greatCool shot
Absolutely The Perfect Photographer
You Deserve Another Perfect Photographer Award!!! 

The Perfect Photographer(Invited Only) Awards 2 Fave 2 beautiful abstract shot! very great colors!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)love the yellow blue contrast. well done ! =)molto bella, un taglio molto originale !!Great picture. Lovely angle. The colors are really nice too! 
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)great contrast and compo!!Great colors sweety.......Great series of art graphical approach!Gorgeous!Yellow and blue! Grand combination!one shot more to understand what is this structure..
:-)
greetingsGrande scatto.......!!!!!!!!!!Flotte former og fargar.Great perspectivefabulous colour in this onecool color version !!!!!!Great for a poster or magazine with the space for writing on the right hand side ;)Great color contrast and composition!Beautiful shapes and colours !Great color contrast and abstract!very modern construction !
great composition of yellow and blue !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called COLD MESSAGES ( NO people,animals,ice or snow), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

... lotta good !!!...Very creative, nice intense colour to.
Very Good Photo.

If You want,
post in :
Windows Explore
thak you very very much.Superbcolor and compositiona great cut ...super POv...clever...ciaoWell composed here, love the deep blue!very niceBrilliant CaptureExcelente simetría, muy buenos colores.super in der Farbwahl und Klasse Komposition!beautiful composition

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice Veronika...Great colors and pov, well done!very unique! fantastic color tone too!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Muy bueno el contraste de color ,muy bueno el encuadre
saludos
joseFlott abstrakt bilde. Nydelige farger
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Splendid !!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called art795, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FLICKR LIBERO / INTERNATIONAL  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!looks cool!excellent photoKnall komp og farger som står godt sammen, stilig!Flott og stilig bilde med topp komposisjon :)
Veldig fine farger :)Love the lines and the blue background sets them off so wellWonderful perspective..Stilig arkitektur og fine farger!Un contraste de colores sensacional.

Saludos.the colors really look great together. what is the yellow thing?great compo and nice sky

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)¡Que bien visto!
Fantástico ese contraste del amarillo intenso con el cielo azul.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called creativoh  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!like the yellow-blue contrastWonderful yellow and blue.Perfecta composición y equilibrioNice colours and composition! Excellent abstract picture! I guess that it's a work of art - am I right or wrong? :-)beautifulGreat framed and tones. Congrats!

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )cool..Beautiful shot!Utrolig kult! Liker kombinasjonen av det gule og det blå. Bra komponert!Love this angle and color version as well!Cool. The blue and yellow work so well.great !!Muy buena!Congrats on Explore!!All your photos are awesome!Fantastic colors and composition.Great contrast!

[via Flickroom]XX Hamar ;-)... hyggelig å se lokale landmarks on Explorer .. gratis!| :-))))Very cool image.lovely composition, great contrast of colors.
saw this through explore - congratulations!Her er beviset for at jeg spotter bildene dine:

Jeg fikk mail fra Macrolensfan om at et av bildene dine var på Explore. Jeg tok opp bernatcasero.com og fikk samtlige 500 bilder opp på skjermen. Deretter kikket jeg nedenfra og opp, og blikket stanset på noen pågående gule linjer. Jeg tenkte &quot;Dette er tgb sitt&quot; - klikket på det - og VIPS! Her er jeg :-)

You rock, girl! :-)Absolute !!Una rotunda imagen.
Me gusta su simplicidad.Congrats on Explore!Excellent composition and lines.  Very creative shotVeldig bra sett, komponert og presentert

Sett i Norske fotokommentarer #nofkBrilliant capture on that Vivid colours my dear friend...What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.fantastic capture...like this escenethis must have been big funyes, FUN !! :-)nice shot !dinamic and nice sceneNice funny shot!Un superbe cliché!++lovely setupHi, I'm an admin for a group called creativoh  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!baš se lepo zabavljate!Wonderful work FantasticSeen on today's interestingness.  Great shot.  Impressive photostream.lol looks like it was a fun shoot!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)look happyHi, I'm an admin for a group called A passion for fashion, and we'd love to have this added to the group!This is so beautiful! I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.Also love this one and couldn't decide which to use today...

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/7428934@N02/4338150922/]

And here is the actual window:

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/7428934@N02/4338150434/in/photostream/]awesome photo!Fab!oooh this is coolThat is effective. Great shot.Fab abstract shot. I also love the actual window, it's so beautifulwow what a cool result, well done!!Fab shot!Fantastic shot, would not have guessed it was a stained glass window.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)fab!this is gorgeous!wow, funky!Gorgeous - I LOVE the photo of the actual window too.Very cool, I love the one you used best.Great shots all of them and what a fab idea! :p)Great results, great colourGreat idea, it's worked really well.wow. that is amazing. what a beautiful, vibrant abstract. very effective!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??This is fantastic! Well done Explore

--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Explore Furore&quot;. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Photos of Merit, and we'd love to have this added to the group!SoulMatejmelh :(mks :p
ماصدقت :|(8)انا ماني مصدقني
احنا مع بعض معقول؟المعجز حصل لا اتقول :p!

FAAv

miss you !:* bismallah 3alich &lt;'33 :*
so pretty wallah (LL)
*
عسى دنيا الفرح يازين دنيااك وعسى في كل خطوة لك يتحقق حلم :* &lt;333shkrn =* aj 7ta hind miss you ;*swapi -_-ussh!!! um 3youn at5r3 :|:(hhhhhhh ushh entay 3ainy jmeela 9arat :@:&quot;(mst7eel a9dgg :&quot;)!chna chy X_O :$:&quot;((((hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 7lwaaaaaa (YYY) :$chna 7d m36ny bks :| !kak1 !! chnch سفاحه :| elly takl ilyahal :| &lt;3 jusr Tjnn &lt;33&lt;3awwwwwwwwwwh&lt;3 ..ILYmaynoonh -_-mn :|uff i Love youh Hind :)i love you more my super ♥♥♥ :&quot;bbb55 :pb555 sheshe kaboooo    
amazing .. &lt;33 edit 
allah e7fa`6ah 

|~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   حبيتها ..~faved ;$Gorgeous! 

Seen in Explore.3ο tag τα λέει όλααπο έναν άλλο κόσμο !!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Ultimate Black and White Street Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!!!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )a wonderful and touching image! Brilliant captured!πωπω ωραίο &quot;πάντρεμα&quot;!!!
1000 φαβ!!

*Γειά σου Ιορδάνη:))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Emotional impact  MyChoice, and we'd love to have this added to the group!great image..lovelyΜοναδικη ληψη, εκανες παλι το θαυμα σου !!!ωραία σύνθεση και ωραία σειρά Μάκηκαι το ταξίδι συνεχίζεται!!! Φοβερη λήψη.brilliant portrait.......well done Makiohh, fantastic !!!!!!
salut maksid !Εξαιρετική ΜάκηΕξαιρετική ματιά!!! Τα πρόσωπα απόλυτα εκφραστικά, λες και τα επέλεξες!Φοβερή! Πολύ δυνατή!όταν δυο κόσμοι συναντιούνται..... τελικά οι βίοι όλων δεν είναι υποχρεωτικό να είναι παράλληλοι.... μπορεί να ακολουθήσουν και πορεία τεθλασμένη....
Μπράβο Μάκη!!!! Για μένα η γυναίκα και κυρίως το ελαφρώς ανυψωμένο βλέμμα της κλέβει την παράσταση....Σαν από παράσταση αρχαίας τραγωδίας, εντελώς θεατρική ατμόσφαιρα, μπράβο!katapliktiki !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Μπράβο Μάκη μου ! Μπράβο !!!παντελώς εικαστική!!!!This is a gorgeous black and white shot friend!!!
Excelent job!!!



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Art Net Contemporary Artists *Invite Only*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Amazing power once more Maki!Exceptional work Maki, lovely facial characteristics!Wonderful black and white portrait.  Great light and shadows.Εκπληκτική ματιά....... Πολύ δυνατή.......Για να πω την αλήθεια, δεντην πολυκατάλαβα αλλά μου άρεσε η &quot;θεατρική&quot; ματιά της (της φωτο) αλλά και της γυναίκας πίσω!!!
Όπως και νάχει είναι....ιδιαίτερη!!!!!!great compo and powerful image! Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artists

 Invited images onlyBeautifully observed.Great shot!

Seen in Greek Photographers group.... fascinating portrait ...

 Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artistsliking this themethe title of this set is perfect..the observer/viewer of a photograph finding their way into another part of the world, and an insight into other people's life, through that picture..
love the contrast and lighting too..
wonderful!Τρομερη σειρα φιλε... μπραβο !!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )I always think that the experience and knowledge of people can be read from their face. I think that my hypothesis becomes true with your beautiful capture:))beautiful guy !!!!!!
;-)
great one, I love profile photo !!!! 
(perfil)
besosssssPoli theatriki ke fantastiko shot,bravo file mou.Έγραψε φανταστικά!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )#κυδος στον φωτογραφο....Oh YES!  And it's harder with some people than with others!  This series is exceptional.  I can hardly wait for the rest!!υπέροχο αποτέλεσμα!Great &amp; LovelyNice portraitVery interesting composition, great timing, great B&amp;W processing. So cool to see Jordan - thanks for sharing these.Maki, you have managed to capture such an incredible expression on the woman's face here!!
the B&amp;W tones are also superb!likeBeautiful, maksid!  I love the lighting and the emotion you captured.κινηματογραφική!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)what a story this photo tells ...Πολύ καλή σύνθεση φίλε.Πολύ ωραία!Raskimon : my dear friend, just to inform that the woman in the backround (like tha man on my previous photo) is not my picture, it's from the photographer Amro Hamzawi (I have him on my tags  - www.amrohamzawi.com/) and I took these shots (like the previous) in an exhibition that took place in Athens Greece on last November... thank you anyway :-))great shot !Explore~Absolutely stunning, beautiful black and white portraitexcellent shot.Τα ρέστα μου!!!nice image !
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful shot.another dramatic work! excellent portraits my fiend :)Gorgeous! I really like the composition. I love its tones. 

Seen in Explore.DESPERATE'S place :****loved the ediit alooooot &lt;3333333alla y7f'6 al model
well doneyeaah me too ;P RaW3a WaLLaL edit mout &lt;3
me 2 7baait'ha mashalla *.*الادت ماشاء الله روعه 
تسلم يمينج أختي 
أبدعتيperfect!&lt;3FAV :O !fdeeet alwkrh w mn skn feeeeeeeeeehaaa anaa :* :* * &lt;333 :&quot;&quot;)w fdeeeet aly 8aamo ynzlooooon 9waaar :* 
LOVEHMMMMM waiiiid &lt;33OMG !!
7lfy you are back *.*Great shot &lt; 3OMGeeeh ! 
ilediit y3thhb :*a7b TAMMY &lt;33wonderful forms, colors and mood!

congratulations on explore! :DHi, I'm an admin for a group called ›››{♥Love Qatar4ever.ws♥}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!beautiful colours! nice DoF.Wow - that is so awesome - love how you presented the color YELLOW :) !this is so lovely and sunshiney! I like both! :)Pretty!!!Spot on with the yellow, girl!I love yellow! Gorgeous colors here, very cool and classy work. 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )wonderful work~Fantastic image and colors!!So beautiful!  Yellow is my favorite color!Both images, well, all three, are really lovely!  That yellow is so soft and cheery.  I love your polka dot background under the crayon.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great shot.  I love the focus and tone.Sooooooooo pretty!  The light is wonderful and I love the soft bokeh and reflection.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)gorgeous! 

so so happy.i love them both bekah!! that yellow is so beautiful &amp; that ribbon candy is too pretty to eat!! :)love it!  boy, you're really cutting it close posting this so late :)pretty! love this!love this...the colors are so vibrant and happy. :)TOTALLY LOVE THIS!!!
Beautiful light and the color is awesome. We are spending the day working on India's solar system science fair project...she is going to make the planets on her own out of clay. Should be a blast. Have a wonderful rest of your day my friend!  m-You've done it again!!
Made me stare in wonderment...  thinking 'how does she do it?'
Love the reflection and soft processing of the first and the second.  The 3rd is just plain adorable!Beautiful images!love the soft background! great composition.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2392683...wonderfully nice bokeh!Congrats on FP :) It's a superb shot. You can view the screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22603I love this!so awesome!blissful!Well-done..and very imaginative.  You are soo good at &quot;Colors&quot; AND &quot;Benches&quot;!!  And costumes.  And little beauties.  Etc., etc., etc....  :-)dreamy image! ribbon candy never looked prettier!wonderful work,my dear!!
the tones are so stunning   xoAwww...your creativity is so wonderful with still art. You have such a great eye for presentation and bringing all the right elements together. I love ribbon candy and you pairing it with the crayon is just brilliant.oh dear, this is absolutely amazing...so creative... loving the yellow...  just LOVE... LOVE  this...wow!So very very pretty!



Seen in Tiny Treasures

It will look like this:
Seen in Tiny TreasuresSo eye-catching and pretty...love the bright, cheerful yellow and the ribbon is such a nice touch. Congrats on FP...so well deserved!Wow, they are so gorgeous, I love that happy yellow color, it's perfect! And congrats to the frontpage - very well deserved! ♥Seriously--there isn't one pixel of any of these that I don't love...the luscious light, tones and mood. :)

Congrats on a fabulous FP and Explore! :)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)This is gorgeous! The tones are wonderful! So deserving of FP...congrats!Oh, I missed this one.  Congrats on FP.  It looks like a FP picture to me!! :)What do you mean..you wouldn't have thought it!
Oh my gosh ..this is incredible!!
Love the colors and the background..
You are so talented...and artistic!!
Congrats on Front PAGE!!
Love it!!
Is it candy?Thank you so much everyone for all of your sweet and thoughtful comments!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/debbiesphotoshop/]Aww, thanks so much Debbie. Yes, it's ribbon candy. I have so much of it left over from Christmas.Really pretty.  Love this shade of yellow.  I love the dof and the background color goes well with the candy.FAVE {times} 1000!  I check out for a couple of days and look what I miss!!!!  LOVE this...OMGracious!  I just love this perky yellow and the dreamy DoF.  So cute!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This is amazing! The soft buttery yellow and light is so beautiful! I can't stare at this long enough! :)Sweet!!magicFound your stream through one of my contacts; now see I would have seen the FP!  Congratulations, these are so bright, happy, and unique, a real joy!Lovely!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!stunning, very beautiful!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Parisinita &amp; friends:YA TENEMOS GANADOR!!!(P1,C2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I love it !!!!!!!!!wonderful work

Really worth a look! This is a real study in composure, colors, lines and use of shapes. The lighting is fabolous too! The content - the history - is remarkable - this really brings some emotions up to the surface. This is a one of a kind photograph! 

www.flickr.com/photos/kristianwest/This is absolutely wonderful. Congrats on FP, well deserved.wow what an amzing shot!  so pretty ... i love yellow!  so cheery on this dull day here in London xxHi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group This is cute. :)Great shot!



[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--FotoItz ]A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...
_____________________
reply with darckr?Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningLove the tones, beautiful shot.awesome depth!absolutely equisite shot and most definitely qualified in making front page. Sometimes the most simplist of shots are the most perfect of shots. Congrats x
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!What a striking image! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus. 

Seen in Explore.Whaaa? You're whacko, hunny, thinkin' this isn't front page material! Go get your lovely head examined for crying out loud, or at least ensure your eyes are working properly. Come on, with that dreamy focus, clarity in all the right places, the perdy color palette and the flawless framing it was practically born to be explored the second the shutter clicked!wonderful color!i love it. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )amazing work here, totally gorgeous!simple beautyOMG !!!! Way too cute :D This is lovely :D

An instant fav ♥so cute!! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!cute.aw, perfect valentine's day image!!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)prettyi just saw this in explore.  yaay!  &hearts;

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)so wonderful idea !!!Love this!soo nice ..

&lt;3adorable♥

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)such a sweet shot!so coolEndearing shot!LOL!   I almost didn't recognize your &quot;kids&quot;!
Usually all that lies between body and earth
is air and a blur!  Have a good trip--be safe,
stay warm and--HUGS!My Favorite Position ~ The Lower, Not The Upper  !Never seen these two horizontal before, they must be recovering from another adventure.First time seeing your furry kids resting, haha. :)I like the way you've gotten both pups in this shot. Have a good trip!Haha so funny! I think mine would try that if the back didnt sink down.. Hehe she's so cute!So sweet!This is such a cute, and sweet shot, they look very contented sleeping there :) 


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Seen in  Best In Show
(Invited Images Only)so many curls!  i had to really stare to figure out what was dog and what was bedding.   love the colors in this!

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs Such a cute capture, so sweet!They look oh so content 

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs Sweet shot, Mark.


 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs looks like they are relaxing in the lap of luxuryAw, they look so happy and content ^_^Autumn's got the choice spot.

-Karen
Seen in 52 Weeks for DogsVery beautiful  shot.!Great shot 
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)She doesn't look out of place LOL

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs SweetDreams Pups!

--
Seen in the group&quot;52 Weeks for Dogs&quot; (?)Would melt the coldest heart!Lassie instead feels so good on her bed!
sleeping! :)
they're cute!those two certainly have a hard life....lolOutstanding!Congrats on Explore!gorgeous shot of Autumn- hope you are all are getting some moments to relax in your new home
seen in 52 weeks
congrats on ExploreThey look very comfy! Enjoy your trip!

 Seen in 
 52 Weeks for Dogs Had to come back for another look.  Cute!What a great shot!  Looks like something that would go on around our house!!!They are two lucky happy dogs.haha awwwwwwwso sweet sceneThey blend in so well ! They are 2 happy content doggies !Super-expired :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)oooh pink skies!wow! the colours are gorgeous!hooooooooray for pink skies!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ts really cool how the bleeding occurred top and bottom so looks like a proper reflection :)

thanks for your comments everyone!The pinks give it a cool psychedelic 60s feel, which is always a good thing!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wow~ this is awsome, and yes, its really cool how the reflection matched it as well =)this is wonderful.again, these colours are just incredible!! what a contrastWow...love these colors.Cooool!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love this!Very cool!this is fabCool shot!This is great. love itThis is very cool and spooky!oooo this is quite spooky. Very coolBrilliant!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Excellent work - very creative.

Don't forget to check out this month's contest, 
Self-Inspiration

Your View of The World is Amazing! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The World Through A LenseFunky!Very cool!Your View of The World is Amazing!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The World Through A Lense

great idea - I think everybody knows this feelingbello questo gioco con la luceΆψογη !!!!!Χαλαράαα! Η καθημερινότητά μας....Love the shadow frame, like the sign, love the two guys. Would have been nice to view large, and maybe I woulkd have cropped out the 'double ending' in the frame at left side.. the guy emerging from the shadow makes it all work as something other than one man and his shop - for which I am sure there is a group. Good reportage shot for some story on Greece or something.Definately a ....

keep.oh yes Jeff this is Greece...pure GreeceHmm, not for me. There is just too much information to process and the jumpy red cabalistic signs (which I cannot interpret) seem to push those people on the margins of the frame (or at least provide too much visual competition)

ditchmust be a light shop..and there's the clever bit with the light/shadow thing going on....works for me 
keepA great fil frame, freezed.
Press Play now.

Simply great. Keep. no doubt.άψογο φως και γράψιμο. ωραία σκηνήStunning my friend !! So ..dreamy...thomas, you risk being jedied if you don't come back and vote on the pool!great light, tack sharp, interesting men and an interesting collection of colour and lamps in the window. but... i think the darkness is too much at the edges of the frame. i'd like a bit less contrast or some shadow lightening to give a hint of what is in there, rather than it just being a black hole.

ditch.i like felix's interpretation of the shot, but it still doesn't animate the scene enough for me to make it a keep. the two men's expressions seem rather plain to my eye and don't have a meaningful connection to other items in the frame. maybe i could change my mind if i could read the inscription, but all i can understand is the middle word, &quot;values/prices&quot;(?). sorry, it's all greek to me. d3i like this kind of bright colour/dark shadow images.
i like the man on the left. he gives a very assured impression, maybe the shop owner and proud of it. the old guy is a little too much in this one. maybe some interaction between the two would do nicely.

close but ditchthe lamps/light shop don't connect in any way to the two guys caught in boring poses. 

ditchThis is a keeper .... great colours and the shading sets the picture off.
I dont agree that there is to much to process as our eyes process this ammount all day ever day ....

KeepFantástica. Enhorabuena.

Saludos
--
Vista en las fotos de explore de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called www.flickr.com/groups/1032085@N21/, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


ITA
Partecipa al contenuto della rivista fotografica Potpourrimensile,
clicca su questo invito e leggi come pubblicare le tue fotografie.
EN
Join the content of the photo magazine Potpourrimensile,
click on this invite and read how to publish your photos.

__________________________________φοβερό φως!!!!
και η κόκκινη ταμπέλα συμπληρώνει με υπέροχο τρόπο τη σύνθεση !
μου αρέσουν ιδιαίτερα οι φωτογραφίες δρόμου που κρατάνε το χρώμα :):):)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Greek Photographers -Ελληνες Φωτογράφοι, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Ωραιο φως και σκια,εικονα !
ΠΟΛΥ καλη !Not getting what is supposed to be special about this one.

Ditch. ~Xcllent wOrk~
~cOngrats~Seen in XplOr~Terrific light and great scene. The text on the window is key in the composition.

Keepgreat light and shadows. the red text adds something special too.

-Voted &quot;keep6&quot; (by the The Gutter™)The popping red, the shadows, the geezers looking like gangsters.  this is a winner!!

keepgreat light and great characters here...Bravo!
keepIm not sure about this one. Has the shadows are too dark and look like your finger was over the lens. The guy on the right is great but the shadow cuts him out.

ditchIs the guy on the right pulling the other one's plonker?  Can't quite make out what he's doing.

I would have photoshopped in some darkness on the left hand side to complete the shadow framing.

The light pun needs to be searched for, it's not immediate.  Even now I think they're drum kits not light shades?

Shame we can't view large.

Overall it does not make it for me.

ditchTakes Pictures; click in link bottom left below photo for large on black.ah yes sorry nasos zovo I missed the Large &amp; Black , thanks Jeff for pointing it out.  Now I see definitely light shades!just goes to show once again, that black and red look really stupid together.

ditch.&quot;that black and red look really stupid together&quot;....haha...oh this is a good one...ωραίες ματιές πήρες Νάσο !

keepI find this too dark and contrasty.

DitchEven though Tony's ditch should be disqualified for blatant lack of taste where colour combinations are concerned (does your girlfriend dress you before you go out, Tony?!), this shot was determined to be a stinker by the sensitive nostrils of The Gutter™. Please add it to The Sewer™, where it will feel right at home with all the other floaters.

Very close one.Just the tie, just the tie.D'oh, didn't get here in time for a keep vote.Dificilmente podras aburrir con imágenes como estas, buenísima toma. Me gusta mucho el cielo que acompaña perfectamente a la escena con la catedral.Muy buena David!!!
Tiene HDR, no?
Me gusta que nos traigas series de fotos y nos sorprendas con una cada día! Además... Lekeitio... cerca de aquí (80km.)
Ya tengo ganas de ver la siguiente!!!
Un saludo y buen comienzo de semana!!!Fabuloso!!
Pasamos las vacaciones en Lekeitio en el 2006...
En el Hotel Zubieta.
Precioso pueblo que espero que me enseñes desde tu mirada..
La primera ya ha sido en la frente: Preciosa!!
Saludos,
Montsetu nunca aburres David, que tocas muchos palos...y siempre bien.
magnífica arquitectura y estupendo encuadre, en el que destacaría ese cielo opresivo, y seguro que asfixiante, retando a la catedral!Magnifica edicion,un gran contrapicado.

SaludosMagnificent work...Love it...+++++¡Muy buen tratamiento y composición! Comparto contigo, muuuuy bello.wow amazingGreat capture!Beautiful! Seen in:
ALL PHOTOGRAPHERS NOW
 Me gustan esas texturas de la piedra, la composición está también muy bien. Por lo que veo es una preciosa imagen de archivo. 

Un abrazo.Una edición perfecta para el tema
FelicitacionesCómo luce la catedral contra ese cielo cargado, muy bien tratada la iluminación y buen detalle en el motivo, una hermosa imagen.
Un saludoComo se notan las texturas de la piedra y como resalta el edificio con el cielo ese tan cargado que parece que se va a caer de un momento a otro

Esta foto y artista participan del mural

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub Buena edición, no nos aburre en absoluto, parece un lugar majestuosoTe invito a
subir esta bella foto a
CATEDRALES,
IGLESIAS Y SANTUARIOS
I invite you to post this
beautiful photo in:
CATEDRALES,IGLESIAS Y SANTUARIOS

www.flickr.com/groups/1307579@N23/Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado The Gold Collection ~ Invited photos (post 1, comment 1) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

El lugar es bello y la toma , sin duda, una maravilla. Mi enhorabuenagnífica!

Your shot is pure gold!
Seen in: www.flickr.com/groups/the_gold_collection/Magnifica!!! toma, esa luz matizada es genial!!!, con unas texturas de la piedra excelentes!!! una edicio muy fina!! y cuidada, de esta  preciosa Catedral!!!.SaludUn conjunto estupendo. Esa media luz con el cielo todo un acierto.Muy bonita la composicion, el tratamiento genial tiene una textura las piedras que es la leche y el cielo, bueno, que decir del cielo, a mi sencilla opinion me parece impresionante
felicidades  

pdt:  no nos hagas esperar mucho para las siguientes que  estoy desando verlasAmigo tus fotos nunca aburren, todo lo contrario, me gusta todo el procesado y especialmente el degradado.
SaludosComo ya te han dicho... tus imágenes no cansan, son un regalo para el alma, ver todos esos hermosos paisajes llenos de vida y mas por ese norte tan hermoso. Un abrazo amigo.Las buenas fotos nunca aburren, David.  Menudo cielo que te has currado.  La luz en esa fachada de primera.Me gusta mucho como nos muestras ese gótico en el que no me había fijado antes, espero impaciente las otras.
Esta foto y artista participan del mural

Visita nuestro grupo
 Astrabuduko Fotoclub un cielo impresionante, muy bien el tratamiento.En esta esta muy clara tu firma....
Me gusta mucho todo y el cielo de lujo....Pues como todas sean de este nivel de encuadre y edición vamos a disfrutar mucho.
Felicidades, estaré atento.

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Me encantan las series. Ademas garantizadas que son buenas pue imaginate. Esas texturas enmarcadas en ese cielo son todo un lujo.
Vaya iglesia mas bonita.Buena mirada!!!!!!!!!!!

Besos
kalauna maravilla de versión, muy bien.Me encanta el encuadre y los tonos que le has puesto.muy buena!!
mira la ultima que he subido haber si te gusta mas!Realmente espectacular, un sensacional trabajo, David. Espectante me dejas a ver las siguientes de esta serie que según este comienzo, promete.
Un abrazo.Bonito encuadre, su luz, ese cielo y tratamiento.maestro.Estupendo encuadre y muy bonita luz, fantástico el procesado con la parte superior de la imagen algo más oscura, consiguiendo una atmósfera especial, muy buena foto.
Un saludo.Bonita catedral, sí señor. Tengo que visitar esta bonito pueblo.Seguramente no nos aburres. Me gusta mucho esta catedral. Ya he tenido el placer de hacer fotos en el interior durante una boda. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Fantástica!Qué buen procesado. Me fascina esta toma!Treeson! Omg, want have &lt;3Aw! Such a cute shot! I love treeson's ^__^
I hope you enjoy your tennis match too :]Wow that's so great (the picture and that you're going to watch live!)... which one are you going to see? The French, Wimbledon or US Open? Have fun!!!congrats! This picture is super cute too ^^This is so adorable! :Dcongratz! The treesons are cute!!Congrats. ^__^ I saw my first live tennis match in November in London. It was great, even though Rafa lost. Where are you going?That's awesome, congratulations! :)
Such a cute photo! &lt;3 Thanks! I hope you can get a Treeson soon :)
     Thank you so much :)
 Thanks! The background should be the clue :-P I'm going to Paris!
 Thanks, Nix! Wow, it must have been a cool experience, not just to see live tennis but also to go to the O2! I only saw it in pictures, it looks spectacular! I love Nadal, but I would love to forget his whole performance during that tournament, LOL :-P I'm going to Roland Garros :)omg those tiny tennis balls! miniatures and mini treesons doesn't get any cuter! :)I can't say more to this shot than supercute. Your pics spark me again and again.*O* And I'm delighted for you getting grand slam tickets. It will be surely very exciting... ^^So cute!  I have no idea what a Treeson is, but I need to find out.  :o)Red...clay... got it! :pARGH!!! LOVE!!! 

I gotta find them...Ahh French Open? That sounds awsome. ^__^ I hope you have such a great time!
Haha yeah.. it wasn't great was it? :P We cheered him on best we could.. but no. :( haha. He was injured though, so i think he tried his best. It was great though. You find yourself getting really sucked into the match rather than just supporting one player. ^__^ I'm sure you'll love it. I'm really hoping to go to Wimbledon one year. Strawberries and cream. mmm haha.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hehem, seems you are not the only one that's excited. Look at the little Treesons ^_^ Thank you! I was a little bummed that the balls were too small for my dolls... but at least they're the right size for Treeson :-D
 Thank you so much for your kind words :)
 Thanks! You can know more about Treeson here :)
 LOL! My favorite season is grass, though :-P
  Thanks so much!
 Ahhh, Wimbledon! It's my dream to see a match there! If you can go this year, take lots of pictures &lt;3 I hear the queues are craaaaazy, but it's probably worth lining up for :)
 Haha! They are excited because I might be taking them with me to Paris :)This is so adorable! :D I love your treeson photo's, they are always the best! ^^ Also, I hope you enjooy it &lt;3
Oh you will love it!
i go every year with my sister. The atmosphere and just seeing the players with your own eyes is sooo great!
&amp; i really love this photo  &lt;3 &lt;3owww... so cute!!! &lt;3Precious! 

Seen in Explore. Thanks, Emma! I'm happy to know that you enjoy my Treeson pictures. I'm so excited for my trip, I can't wait to take so many pictures!
 Thank you! It's still months away (the tournament starts at the end of May) but I'm already very excited! I really love watching tennis on TV, so it's just about time that I see it live :)
  Thank you so much!wahnsinnTHISHi, I'm an admin for a group called Haluro de plata / Silver halide, and we'd love to have this added to the group!really beautiful: the movement is fantastic!beautiful  !Amazing!very beautiful!!love this!  &hearts;oooh, this one is very beautiful!!!! Love the soft colors!!!So pretty!Ohh, I Love this!me too. i love them. i cant grow them here anymore. use to have them in my yard in calif. great photo! sweet!blooms already?
You are so lucky!
omg...  I had a dream a few nights ago that I came out to visit you..LOL. Too funny.  I'm not a stalker..  I promise..  LOL 
xo[http://www.flickr.com/photos/29998543@N05/]  come and visit!  ;)
it's much warmer here!!!!gorgeous, love the twine bow :)gorgeous! I love your photos...delicate and lovely!soooooooo beautiful!  I love this.so soft &amp; pretty!so soft and lovely!  and yay for spring!yay for blooms. none here yet...for another 2 months, i think. so gorgeous....So fresh, clean &amp; light! Pure beauty!beautifully soft and fresh Kelly~
Spring...
aaaaaah~ I can wish~
xoxo

--
Seen in some comments. (?)GORGEOUS processing! This is so beautiful!These are so very pretty.  I wonder if I can grow these in my subtropic climate? They have to be so beautiful when in full bloom. I love the feminine feel to this shot.you really captured something fresh and wonderful here!oh, i love your tree bush too - these blossoms are so pretty,
and this still life is simply perfect.
Hope you're having a wonderful Sunday my sweet xxxgasp....just came in from shoveling....and alas, it's starting to snow again.....
this is so gorgeous kelly...x
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)oh this is divinewow...this is stunning ♥Beautiful capture!Gorgeous!!  Love the light!  And I hoped the rain stopped for you today!  We have sun ;)so soft and beautiful...
that light is just incredibly lovely.So simple and delicate! Love the little vase with the string around it. 
An instant fave.So very beautiful! The light is breathtaking too!me too and I LOVE this!!! Oh, the soft gorgeous tones and light.beautiful imagewow, the lightning here is very amazing!!wonderful shot, so beautiful!! great tonesso soft and pretty kelly, i love your window light and i'm so jealous of your spring...we won't see ANY signs here until mid april :(Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2537903...* Excellent *Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22653. 

Your all FP are listed here.beauty!Excellent photo, with a deal of very good light.So beautifl!!!!wow !! ♥bellissima!!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.beautiful light!Quite peaceful,love it~sweetness.Gorgeous!so pretty! i can't wait for spring!!love this.Great high key.  Lovely.A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Lovely tones!Sooooo nice! CongratulationReally beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!oooooooooN!ce!!
Well takeen&lt;33
FAveD ^.*

Comment me plz ;**so pretty so so prettyBravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningBlooms already? I'm super jealous..We're expecting 12 inches snow tonight..brrrr.....hehe....This is so beautiful and elegant...Love the light...
An 'Incredibly' Beautiful &quot; FP Explore&quot; Capture! Brilliant Work!
I'd be 'truly' honored to invite 'YOU' to Join our Wonderful Group!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
Please Join Us and Let Your 'Remarkable' Work Be 'Explored'!Beautiful Kelly. I was drawn right to this gorgeous photo with glorious light in Explore! Congrat's, what a pretty soft and charming shot of your tea bush blossoms. Have a great week!***  Adorable et Jolie  ***

DomiSo lovely!wonderful!!wonderful shot!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)beautiful .!:)So very pretty!So beautiful and serene! xoMmmmm........so delicate and pretty and perfect.congggggrats on front page.  well deserved.  this is so gorgeous.  can you please put this entire thing in a box and mail them to me?  ;-)

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Cool shot!!!  Great lighting

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/i want to live in the world of your photos. i swear, this is just pure beauty. i just found myself staring at this for minutes. love it.beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]very sweet!Gorgeous shot.  Congrats on FP

--
Seen in Tiny Treasuresgorgeous!so, so pretty!This is the beautiful artwork from camera:) I love this so much!


SPLENDID PHOTO...YOUR PHOTO IS
INVITED TO MY SPECIAL GALLERY by The Admin. considered.


Kornrawiee’s Gallery...Invite ONLY 

Have a nice day and be happy:)Wow, so amazingly soft and beautiful. I totally adore this one. :) Instant fave! :)Beautiful flowers and composition!oh sigh.
blooming
growing
SO prettysTUNNING BEAUTIFUL! Congrats on FP!This is so lovely! Spring is comming soon!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)congratulations on fp!  it really is such a beautiful shot.  ~xoxogorgeous times a million!Oh so in love...Beeeautiful shot hon.wow!  Kelly, I missed this one....it's gorgeous!Really a beautiful shot .....
Superbabsolutely stunning Kelly! ADORE.lovely!pretty :)perfection kelly!so feminine!  and gorgeous.perfectso beautifulTslmeen 7bebt Galby 3l 9ora;)&lt;3 fdet elmodel ana alla y7f'9ah enshalla&lt;3. yea enshalla nshoofch soon:** faved aked;) w thanx again 7yati love you(L)!Fdait Wajhch bs;*ok seriously? this is one of the best squares I've ever seen. Now I want a quilt of just these....OMG. This is awesome, C. You continually blow me away. LOVE!echo-ing what earthchick said.  you never cease to amaze me with all the things you make....OMG, this is the awesomest square ever.oh i love this pattern.  such a nice way to feature the beautiful hope valley fabric!Its a beauty!!this is so crisp and perfect.Such a beautiful piece.  I love the use of predominately white.  The color pieces really pop and it makes them look like they are tumbling around.  Love it.Wow! I LOVE this block.What a great great block - I LOVE this.love thisthis block is fantastic.Gah!! It's awesome!! Did you enjoy foundation piecing?What's up with your crazy post office?  I love that you took matters into your own hands (and stash).  This block is so pretty!thanks, folks! i am a quilter deep deep down in my heart and i just love getting to work with fabrics. it's a super bonus to know that others appreciate the results. thanks!

 i think Joce put an anvil in my envelope...

 oh, yes! it's kind of frustrating when you first try it, but once you understand how to visualize things backwards, it becomes a wonderful skill for the arsenal. i just finished another paper-pieced block for you.  :o)This is so lovely - and I think this quilt is going to be AMAZING.This is so beautiful. You're amazing.you have the most amazing skills!That is amazingly beautiful!amazing.  thanks also for sharing the pattern!the One Shiny Bee ladies are totally inspiring. go check out all the great blocks that are being made. i feel very proud to get to hang out with these crafters.

 yes! i used one of your buttons recently on this crobot. so fun!Oh my goodness, I'm going to have to sew one of these blocks now.I am getting my Quilting Bee to make me this blockWhat a gorgeous square!!I love this!Oy!  love over here too!this is gorgeous!GAH this is amazing. I know myself well enough to know I would have no patience for it, and that makes me sad.this is one is amazing!wow, that is gorgeous!! you have so much patience and skill, bravo!it's amazing! i love this block!A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...thanks again, folks!

 i'm pretty sure that i couldn't make a whole quilt with this process. it really does stress me out.Lovely!Your block looks so amazing!

I have a stack of these patterns printed out somewhere..Another beauty!  I like the movement this block evokes.me gusta mucho el encuadre, realmente es una pasada.. con el árbol seco encima de la piedra ya no digamosTrès joli panorama de ce magnifique paysage.
Bon dimanche.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Yin Yang Award / P2&amp;C3 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Es una autentica preciosidad...muy buena. Feliz domingoBuena pano Manel, me gusta la diagonal de las rocas del suelo hacia la roca del Camellonice panoramic !Fantastic view, beautiful colors!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Que buena panorámica. Me encanta !excelente amigo gran paroramica
saludosbrutal panoramica, un trabajo excelente amigo :)Cojofoto socio.Que bonita panoramica, me encanta!Genial pano, Saludos.Splendida panoramica!!Lovely view ! beautiful shot !great seascape pano! well done!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)bella y ondulante.....perfecta panoFantastica panormica, muy bien editada!Great panorama, perfectly composeden grande es aun más espectacular, una guapadaFantastica panoramica, muy apropiada.
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SHOW THE BEST (Post 1 ,Award 3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Magnífica panorámica, es maravillosa.Phenomenal capture! very beautiful view!!!très jolie panoramique !! bravo !!

Excellent landscape...

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Excelente panoramica, la soledad de la playa en invierno, como para pillarla en verano.....
Un saludo.Una gran composición de esta roca ya conocida.
Me encanta el fondo con las olas del mar y las rocas.
Saludos cordiales.Hermosa captura...muy buena esa panorámica.
Buen domingo.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Muy buenasuch a beautiful view..nice job !!!flawlessly accomplished!  the comp gives a nice feeling of movement up the rocks.  Bravo!Perfect landscape shot! well done~
He visto tu foto y me gusta mucho.
Una panoramica de gran calidad.
Slds.very Beautiful Capture !!!Muy guapa.Preciosa panorámica!!Soy aficionado a las panorámicas y esta me encanta. Encuadre perfecto, profundidad y luz . Felicidades.

what a wonderful scenery! excellent panorama!Muy bonita Manel. Buena perspectiva.Excellent pano.La verdad es que esta panorámica está muy lograda, te quedó bien.Una panorámica sensacional además de que la composición es excelente
Un saludoso beautiful...........Marvelous! Excellent work!Buena panorámica, sí. (:How wonderful ,, beautiful capture .very nice pano....En Grande una verdadera pasada los verdes lde las rocas se salenHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SCORPLADY'S BEAUTIFUL SCENERY y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

 

Scorplady would greatly appreciate your photo presence in her group.


beautiful .........Nice !Excellent shot, well done. Have a good day and keep smiling.Linda panorámica. Me gustan las curvas.A wonderful place, so amazingly captured!Muy bonita la panoramica y el encuadre,,,es preciosa ,,saludos,This is an amazing image. Gorgeous!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Excellent panorama!Excelente ! saludos !Y digo yo Muy buena imagen de  la roca y el mar  de amplia visión felicitaciones . saludos 
&gt;PreciosaThis is a good panorama seascape composition
just beautifulEspectacular panoramica! Me encanta!Stunning composition and processing!! :)Muy buena panoramica.beautiful view!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)A beautiful panoramic scene Manel.
Thank you for the visit.buena panorámica... y los colores estupendosExcelente en todos los sentidos. Genial.Muy buena..Como siempre.Geniales tus tomas.Excelente panoramicaAwesome Capturebonita panoramica con unos colores muy buenosWonderful image, as usual - your work is always excellent!Pasada de panoramica.!!!!!!!!!!!!Excelente composición. Muy buena distribución de los elementos !!!Guapisima... Una pasada... 

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Beautiful panorama.
Nicely done this execution.just wonderful…!Eres un intocable amigo...
Para la fotografia. Felicidades...Gran trabajo amigo, felicidades!preciosa panoramica! nos muestra gran parte de esta magnifica playa!Una panoramica muy buena!!! Saludos.Buena panoramica !am back after a break
this is lovelyFantastic, Azdoe!  I look forward to the summertime and this is just perfect! :)Gorgeous landscape.Very beautiful and outstanding  shot.!
Great composition, light and color  are awesome.Excelente panorámica.
Saludos.Excelente panorámica. El encuadre es preciosoPerfect shotwow nice jobMuy guapa.Lujo de panoramica!!Felicidades compañero!Buena panoHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado 100 + Viewed Best of Geology (Add 1, Award 1) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Artistic reflection of a day ★ (Post 1, Must Award 1) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Bonita panoramica y la arena tan bien puesta.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Estupeda panoramica! Muy buena!

My today's photo / Mi foto de hoy

&nbsp;Panorámica a la que no se me ocurre qué más pedirle. Tiene de todo. 
Tiene hasta su intriga para mi porque siempre que fotografías este sitio me llama la atención la misma figura encima de la roca, y veo que a Daniel Candal también. Es lo que tiene no conocer el sitio.
Muy guapa.Such awkward but interesting arm positions. Lovely.so stunning. wow that pose. i love your hair so much.Beautiful shot...I like the composition!oh the colors and shadows, especially on the girl, is so soft 
im majorly jealous of this shotyou look like a slothohso perfect.slothhhh &lt;3This is so wonderful. Stunning poseamazing girl just amazingbeautifulI like your pose so much here.Fantastic pose and lighting!Great pose! And your hair looks amazing!!Great angles...and beautiful you...:)i like the poseI like the tips of your fingers.amazing shot!Wow you keep us amazing, like the pose also, greetzzzzreally, really pretty :)oh my god, the way the light looks on your arms and hands is really wonderfulvery cool. beautiful pose&lt;3ah, i adoreee this &hearts;
is your dress from h&amp;m by any chance? :)very nice cari...lovelyshannon kennedy: noo it's from a thrift shop. :]omfg cari this is gorgeous! honest honest and i love this so much you have no idea your pose is like super amaizng! goodness i just love this picture in general!this is beautiful :)You have the Stevie Nicks thing going for you. It was good for her....it's good for you too!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called THE MAKE BELIEVE SEA, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Amazing!!oh, i especially love this. :othis is so very cool! :)Beautiful shot!Love this one, good job. =)Wow, this is incredible!Reminds me of Santa's costume!Nice colour contrast!not much diferent from day before

-Voted 'delete' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrNice, but the snow seems a bit grey?

save anywaySanta Claus died with a hard on. So what?

delete.Gee, it snowed? I hadn't heard....in the last 5 minutes.

deletewow!!!!  great capture...and still they come. like pius pilgrims to the site of a minor motoring offense.not bad...enough with the snow though. thanks.
deleteClean, well-composed shot.very simple composition and good light

saveyour pandering to the Rule of Thirds here is so obvious, so utterly and unashamedly transparent, that I am obligated, in the name of rule-breakers the world over, to delete this with impunity. 

delete5Being easily offended, I don't like the sexual connotations...
deleteLooks like a little lonely mushroom.
Not Lightbox worthy.

-Voted &quot;delete7&quot; (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) snow is a little gray, no sparkle to it. 

deletenice abstract quality and composition
-save3cute

-Voted 'delete4' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrnailed it.

-Voted 'save4' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrWith a different crop (shift right a tad) this would be fantastic. Somewhat unbalanced now. 

-Voted 'delete9' (by the Delete Me Uncensored Group) using csratrThis looks good.save for no reason because I have toIt's well executed but it doesn't stir any emotions in me.

deletedYour submission has been deemed unworthy of the Lightbox and deleted by the DeleteMe Uncensored Group.


Please add a small size of your photo to The Deleted Picture Repository.crisp!Nicely done.so good
love the background colorbeautiful..so cool what they can do with those ballsHi, I'm an admin for a group called papere, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great concept. Wonderful work.Very Cool!!Geniale.
Complimenti.brilliant!love itwawFantastic pic. Congrats!

 Seen in my contacts :-) nice idea:D i like itA girl's portrait to dream about. She is soooooo beautiful!Bel ritratto, solare!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Through Your Eyes To Ours. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Tutto è combinato in modo eccezionale complimenti per la composizione, i colori sono sobri e c'è una forte eleganzaChe voglia di mare e di questo azzurro luminoso...belli luce e toni...Foto veramente bella, complimenti!     

Your fantastic portrait picture is my winner!
Please add this photo to
http://www.flickr.com/groups/portraitaward/lo sfocato del paesaggio la dietro è stupendobella la composizione, bella anche la combinazione dei colori, sfondo/maglia :))sono indeciso tra questa e la successiva, sono entrambe splendide, naturalissime, due espressioni da collezione!bella espressione e ottima luce. bella.mi paice questa luce e queste tinte!molto bella :)Bellissima, complimenti.Splendido ritratto, mi piacciono tantissimo i colorilovely potrait and tonesDamn, are all you women over there this beautiful?????
Your fantastic portrait picture is my winner! You deserve another one!b&gt;Your picture is a real Eye Catcher!
Seen in : 

 Through Your Eyes to Ours Great skin tone and sharpness of the modelwonderfulExcellent portrait. Perfect work. Warm greetings from a snowy Holland.


Your fantastic portrait picture is my winner! You deserve another one!

Beautiful...Sweet shot. Light looks fantastic.Looks awesome man, love the new editing.Very nice shot !Amazing shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Nikon Automotive Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!That is such a cool bridgeWat een mooie brug! Het rood van de brug vormt een mooi contrast met de grijze wereld.:)
klopt
ik vind meeste brugen in Zeeburg Amsterdam mooi en interesant :)Deze brug is wel heel erg mooi!Prachtige lijnen die in de mist verdwijnen...mooi!Prachtig staaltje van architectuur. Mooi weergegeven.

--
Seen in the group&quot;*Nederland belicht* &quot; (?)Dat is een mooie brug !!
Gezien in


*Nederland belicht*
świetne!beautiful bridge, beautiful picture!A very nice photoBeautiful curves, suggestiveWat een maf ding! Vast onder de noemer kunst gemaakt.
Leuke foto zoals deze droombrug vervaagt in de verte. Mooi!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)WOW....DAMN PRETTY!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comEl puente es una estructura espectacular y la foto quedó muy buena!i like the curvy structure, the mist adds a mysterious atmosphere. excellent work!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!It looks like a red dragon.

Fantastic shot!Great shot of an very cool bridge.Very cool image.  Nice catch.Brilliant capture !cool twisted bridge ;)Very interesting and strange looking bridge! Nice effect with the fog.this is simply beautiful 
  
please post this photo in SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL-mógłby się tak zaczynać jakiś dobry kryminał.albo europejskiej produkcji alternatywny horror movie ;)cool shot!Wonderful bridge, very nice with the mist!Cudowne!!!Dit lijkt de technische versie van 't monster van Loch Ness wel :)
Super leuk vormenspel!Lovely colour, great image.
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )你好，我是 We Are Free 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！Prächtige Farben. Ein wundervolles fröhliches Foto. &lt;3 ~ yokoThank You All! I am glad you liked this...^^Beautiful bokeh and color!Beautiful capture, love the color and dof!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)今天的畫風有改變唷~

水啦!Beautiful shot.  The focus and dof are great.Amazing capture! Very well done!Gorgeous!beautiful work! have a great week!!Awesome 今天发现拍花是体力活 有不同嗎?!....呵~呵
這張是和這是同 一批


 是呀!!
尤其我都是趴著拍 當下不覺得累 
回家之後才發覺腳好痠痛......Superb!!! Excellent!!! What a cool flower shoot...like it :)最爱波斯菊! 漂亮 ^.^Beautiful bokeh ::))原來和FP是姐妹^^

姐妹都很美耶~What a great flower shot!


Thanks for adding it to ✿Flowers!✿ 有哇~
畫風不太一樣溜!
一張走藍調寫實
一張走野獸風
都很讚!你好，我是 Square gallery  [P1/A1] 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！好酷的畫風^^姐妹都很美........而且都是一個死樣子(逃)lovely colors nice compo!so beautiful!
love those colors!!拍的好阿!!辛苦了!!好漂亮~^^bFantastic capture and colors!!!!!!好可爱的头像Pink+Green+Bokeh=Swoon!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very pretty!really lovely image

I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
好像書本中的插畫...^^again.. great work.. what lens do you use sandy ? thank you^^ My lens is Canon EF100mm f/2.8 Macro USM.Congrats on Explore!beautiful colors!俩姐妹真的貌美如花！:Dgorgeous colors and composition!

seen in www.flickr.com/groups/45644779@N00/pool/so pretty :)I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.gorgeous !I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
this is beautiful你好，我是 About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+ 群組的管理員，我們希望將其新增至該群組！About you Award! 
Have a nice day 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 AwardWünsche dir einen schönen Tag 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 Awardbeautifull!

Have a nice day 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 AwardLovely capture, my friend.
Really beautiful flower and wonderful colors...!! 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work! Sindy. 
Congratulations! Very Deserving 'Explore' Capture! 
As Viewed In Our Wonderful 'Exciting' Group Pool!
&quot;You've Been Explored!&quot;( Explore Photos Only! )
'Thank You' For Sharing Your 'Beautiful' Work!نelfocus ♥_♥fav7lwaa&lt;333وهم الصوره كان يبيلها عزل اقوى من هالعزل ,, 


موفقه يااربGreat
amazingLovely ♥♥ el bokeh (Y)-
wonderfull view 
and lovely focus , sure FAVE wow, nice one :) lovely captureil focuuus 5yaal  ♥ your edit development
but the shot is nice without edit :P
i like the bokeh &lt;3
and thanx  4 the beautiful image 
:Dya fnaaana 7lwa bs law '6aab6a alfoucs showay 
btkooon jmeeela;)يـآخطيرة &quot; يالفنتووكة &quot; 
حدج مبدعه &quot; 
عجبتني البكجر حدهـآ روعة ~ ^^حبـيت البـوكيه والآضاءه ..موفقهـ يآآرب ..~amazing shoot 
ya mobd3a &lt;3masha allah 3laaich 
mbd3aa bm3na elklmaYour picture is distinguished and very impressive
I wish you luck spur
Prefer to visit me
And I hope that you give me 
note + comment
very nice
i Like it
keep going
^_^آلعزل خورآآفيْ وآلله 

Fav7beeeeeet'haa آلفوكس والعزل روعه
حبيت الادت والاضآئه حلوه
وآصلي يآفنآنه ,,
  This photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthNice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group BEAUTIFUL AND BRILLIANT

BEAUTIFUL SHOT WELL DONE THANK YOU FOR SHARING

this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 

 ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choiceNice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group 
Seen in
FLICKR Stars group,
post 1 invite 1 award 6
and tag &quot;Flickr Estrellas&quot; on your picture
Seen in b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award 2)good capture 
Faved &lt;3&lt;3Fnana ;)(`'•.¸(` '•. ¸ * ¸.•'´)¸.•'´)
«´¨`.¸.* Raw3aaaah *. ¸.´¨`»
(¸. •'´(¸.•'´ * `'•.¸)`'•.¸ )


Fantastic *


مره حلوه
تسلم يدينك
:)

 Lovely The Bokeh O El Edite So Beautifull ^^ 
Taslam Ur Hand O 3sach 3la El Gowa :) تجنن الصورة

والبوكية الخفيف جداً رايق

. . . ♥wonderfulGreat focus &lt;3اهم شي !!!؟
الصاحه مالج حل
صوره حلوة
والفوكس احلى وربي
ابداااع في ابدااع
مشاءالله عليج
تسلمين لنا على الصوره الحلوة
ولاهنتي اختي
ننطر الجديد  منج
كيب ات اب ^^
كومنت مي ماعليج امرthe focus is really amazing
with the bokeh back there,,
well taken..حبيت العزل al.Photo is Amazin'G
7lwa 6ri8at al.3zl 
Abd3tii Fditchbeautiful shot and i loved the focus3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + note Amazing &lt;33Niiiiiiice Walla 
Keep It Up =)
Nooooote Plzzzحبيـت كل آلصـور 

وصـوره هـآذي وآيـد رآقية 

تسـلم يمنـآج يـألطيـبة نااايس والله 

ابدعتي يالغلا 

(F)(F)(F)This is so sweet...love the soft pastel colors.So pretty!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Such a wonderful quote paired with an equally lovely image... love all the soft color...lovely ribbons~
so pretty and feminine,Claire~

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love it!i love the ribbon! :) i love the gentle colorsjust... simply and completely LOVELY!  :)so pretty..
great shot..such cute choices to photograph ::))Does that organza ribbon actually have shells on it?  So beautiful!  Looks like a store I'd like to explore too.stunning compo and such lovely gentle colours fantastic jobpure magic,love the tones Claire!!   xoWhat beautiful details Claire! :)Aw... so lovely!Looks so wonderfully delicate, Claire!  I love all that pretty girly feel.

I don't believe it when you said you can't even wrap your presents.  Not a word!  :)

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?) LOL...it is so true, Rosina..I'm useless at making presents look nice. I like to photograph pretty things and can arrange them for a shot, but beyond that, the &quot;crafty&quot; talent comes to a screeching halt! :-)beautiful!I love these pretty ribbons and what a perfect quote...love it!This looks like a shop that I could do some serious damage in! I am such a sucker for ribbons and trims, I can't get enough! This is so soft and pretty! I love that quote as well.So pretty and feminine.I love the seashells ribbon!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Claire you little brilliant sweet thing you:))
Happy Sunday!
you are very talented and so love your pic too!this bring me some memories, pretty shot!love that sea shell ribbon..........I have never seen anything like it.....love it!beautiful...
i love ribbons and trims. amazing.Beautiful!delicate and soft!
So pretty!so pretty! i love the 'she sells sea shells ribbon', haven't never seen one like that before... xoooh...all of these ribbons are so pretty claire! i would love to go here and shop, too! :)beautiful.....love the soft and dreamy feel.So beautiful.... I adore that seashells ribbons... Love the soft tones, all so pretty and feminine!Simple ..........stunning ...love this!Great shot !This is beautiful!! Nicely done!!Love alll the soft delicate pastels!  Isn't it fun to have fave stores?  Visiting them will always lift your spirits!So feminine...and I really love that quote..So pretty and soft. Love the pastel colors.beautiful and delicate :)Soooooo beautiful my friend...I love this kind of stuff!!! Sounds like you had fun!   m-So beautiful ... the feminine tones and delicate details are delightful!!Love this! (( :

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Ooooh, so pretty! I love the soft pastel colors, beautiful!beautiful color, love it!Love the colors!!!!! Very nice!!!!gorgeous..really love the pastels!I believe that people come and go in our lives for reasons. Those reasons may not be clear right away and whether it's burlap or ribbon the intentions will leave lasting memories nevertheless.  Nice image Claire.looks like  fun store!pretty!Lovely soft colors.greetings, clarie~
a lovely photo of
some of my 
favorite things, too!!Such lovely charm and light...don't you just love the textures, fabrics and gentle quiet of a paper or crafts store? I could spend all day in shops like that. :)

Congrats on a wonderful Explore, Claire! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Beautiful photo!!!  (And I love the shell ribbon!!!)So pretty and soft....love the colors!so pretty.....what a lovely assortment of things!I love the seashell ribbon! Gorgeous!
I love how I can pick one of your images out of a bunch, they all fit together so beautifully!Wonderful soft dreamy colors~The softness and colors are perfect hereBeautiful pastel goodness here! I REALLY want to visit this store. I want that fabric with the seashells in it! Seriously, why did I ever leave the West Coast? Off to visit the website! :D
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )beautiful stuff, love the colors and textures!Ever sweet..... Love both expressions!!!So cute!!I needed to hear those words today... thank you!!!very sweet pic  - wonderful wonderful wondeful quotereally sweet!!
loove the tones   xxOh I absolutely love this one of you, Sandra.  This looks so natural, you two look like you are so in love!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh this is so sweet! You guys are so adorable!LOVE. This is soooo sweet!Oh i LOVE this so so much :)awww, this is so sweet, and i just saw it in explore.  :-)

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)So touching.  &lt;3  That is a beautiful quote.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Love Is A Place, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

beautiful and lovely. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )O.o al.ediiiiit f'9eeeeeeeeeee3 &lt;3
amazing shoot ., and i live the edit wayed 
faaaav ;DروعهAwesome
Loved the edit
its one of the best edit i see it in flickr ;)
Good luckant fnan *.* Jameeelh il Shot (L)_(L) , 7beet il Ediit &lt;3Mashallah , very beautiful shot , really nice , =)
&lt;33333333 V8 VantageN!!!Ce P!!!c

Abdaa3

F
A
V
l3yo0onk(L)&amp;(K)^_^HEY Guess whos BACK to flickr :P
o redy to comment 3alla all ur pics :P
starting on this one :P
3jeeba :P
total fav :P
yalla cant wait 4 el ydiid :Pbentlley &lt;33333
in love with the shooot 
aledite 56eeer 
fav ^^lovess it 
faaaveed Mbade3 @@ !o a5eeran nazalt 9oora! :P
Yaa labaaaaa (L)____(L) !!
ya5y may9eer it'3ayir m3aay acounts ?! :P walla a7ib urs mashalla specially these days *.*
ur edit uffff -_- a7iba a7ibaaa :@ :| :P che il colors madry shlon '3areeba &lt;3
&quot;thumbs up bro&quot; ;''')i love the edit so muccch!:D awsome.......nic picCoOl Nice Pic  ^.^i say wh! woow
favV- pic bro

well taken .. 
Great edit

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   wow ! O.O 7adha fan, very creative!!! Yalbeh 3alla T9werk ,
Im soo impress with all your work  ^.^
im so in looove with ur photography ,,al. EDIT jmmmeeeeellll Loved the shoot b3d x'D Looks like an action movie :P ♥♥ amazing work :Dرهييبهالســـلام عليـكم ورحمـة الله وبركـاته

ماشاءلله
الادتت فظيــــــــــــع (Y)
الله يعطيك العافيه اخوي
وتسلم يمينكـ
~Fav &lt;33

lovely aston marten

F A V ~nice treatment. Tdddddddddri Awal Ma sheft il pic . . swait Che :| :| :| !!! Men Glb yyyy3ni ent 56eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer !!!! El Ediiiiiiiit . . &amp;` El coloooooooors aweeeeeeeeeeeeeesome wallah !!!! Jameeeeeela Jedaaaaaaaaaan ! well Done ;) What can I say !!!!
y3ne 9j WOW  mn Glb ♥♥
w aledit =| yTthb777777 ,, AMAZING MOT !!!
Keep in Top (Y)perfectGreaat &lt;3Vantage!

i was there ;)NicE ~AmazingfavePerfect one 
il.edit amazing ♥♥el edit 5yaal  ♥ 
jamela elshot mashalla 3lik ..
faaaaaaaaaaaaaaav ,,Wow!!
Mashalla *
Abd3t ;)
&lt;3 it Alooot
Keep Going
FaaaaV

amazinG ;*
fav

amazing shot
loved it
keep it upawh, jamella♥♥♥allaaaaaaaaaaah :&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;) so perfect edit&lt;3
amaaziing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ keep it uP (YY)Tjnn ;O
Faved &lt;3!

exploreRaw3a ! .. 

&lt;33 the colorz .. w ilEdit 3jeeeb ;) ..&lt;3

R  w  3  a  hnice
nice

comment meSeen in Explore ;D ,,
Faved *loved the edit &amp; the shot &lt;3 3jeeebh &lt;3niec
niec niec
niec niec niec
;D  ;D  ;D
keep it upSimpely WOW ! 
♥ed the Edit &amp; the Capture 
Welldone '  totally Great work

OMG =|
3jeeeeeeeeeeeba mashalla 3laik
eledit is amazing wallah
like it so so much
faaaave ;D Amazing ;Pp
FAV akeed ;Dtjnn&lt;33jeeba el piic mshallah
btw ill edit amazing yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay T_T T_T mooot :D :D :D jnaaaaaaaaaaaaan 
fave xDما شاء الله مبدع
كل شي حلو بالصوره 
من السياره لين الادت
حركات ^^Rw3aaaaaaaaaaah Mashallah :O !!
FAV*~wooooOOOooW
very nice car 
amazing walla
y3teeek el3afeeh brofaaaaaaaaaveeeewooooooooow

raw3a- Fav :) ~ ! Raw3aaa oO Raby ~

Fav For Shure ~

Keep It Upzzz ~ 


gr8 shoootibda3 :)Beautiful edit   :) I cant believe my eyes *_*
walla this is so so y3nee madri shagol :P
and man, i love these colours !amazing &lt;3 (Y) 'Akeed u know what i want, yalla bsr3a :P!el.edit MOOOT &lt;333 7beeet el.shot wallah (L)__(L)
Well Done Bro ;) TC =DD 3jeeba ;)!favn!!!ce p!!!c .. ~fav56eeeeeer ;OExploreeeeeeeed (Y)Amazing Shot
Abdaa3t Rabii Y7f'9k
Keep Goingآحب آدِتك ذِسُ (L)
يعطيك آلعآفية آخوِيُ ~Fa'9ee3a ,, mobd3 mashallah





ŋiCėė,

ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep

IT 

Up...

comment my new p!c
Fanan mashalla &lt;333Amazing Yasalaaaaam&lt;3_&lt;3
I Adore thiis piicccc
I love everythiing thats in the pic
mostley the car &amp;elediting &lt;3
malhaa 7al el9ouraa wala
One of my Faves el9ara7aaaaaa*
Faved;)
    (Y)Wo0oWelediiit ♥♥♥♥mashallah 6ar &lt;3Fav !
Hope 2 see your Comment *3thaaab Great nice♥nice wallah 
amazing edit  ,, 
go aheadamazing ..wow el edit f'6ee3 &lt;3 5yaaalLove it 
fav&lt;33 fav w bss ;)lovely car nice edit ^^ !

gr8 shotthe  best !!!pretty sweet!I like your candy shot!  Yes, times sure have changed:)  I love your heart lights in the back:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)How did you get the light behind to be hearts? Awesome!!You have such an ability to make simple things look so very cool.  Great complimentary color in the background and super DOF.  These things taste pretty nasty, don't they?  I wonder what they're actually made of, and I bet they would taste exactly the same 50 years from now. Yuck.So colourful and sweet ~ Lovely bokeh!cute photo =)haha - this is lovely. love the heart bokeh. i was going to pick up a package of hearts too... now i just might!I dig your candy hearts!  This shot makes me happy!!!
Also I think you are missing out on the tastiness...
:)
Some of them crackle apart between your teeth really nicely~
and then...well, they make a little, soft, sugar mound on the tops of your back teeth and you can savour that for hours. :)
teehee...
Or save them for next year's photo shoot...I don't think they will lose their luster.  :)Lovely and colourful, especially like the bokeh hearts Kimberly Burnette-Artnak Glad you like it! I taped a black circle over my lens with a heart cut out of it. Here is where I learned about the technique: www.diyphotography.net/diy_create_your_own_bokeh

 Thanks for your awesome comments! I always look forward to them! And it is so true how AWFUL they taste! I equate these with the Peeps at Easter time!

 Glad you dig my hearts! I am NOT missing out on the tastiness! You go ahead and enjoy them and I'll check back in with you next year to see how the flavor lasted for you! :D

      Thanks so much everyone!I love the heart shaped bokeh, it adds a romantic feel to the picture...and you don't get much more romantic than &quot;text me&quot; ;)cute!  I love the colors..and the heart bokeh is nice ! did you make that?
 I have some candy hearts here..too..I should play around with some..Beautiful ... love the heart bokeh and pretty colors. I think those &quot;modern&quot; heart sayings are hilarious too ... I found one that says &quot;Tweet Me.&quot; :)Valentines day!! Geez...not again! Well, time to put the game face on. Thanks for the reminder!

Heart bokeh is cute. :)  Pink and red...sweet!  Big hugs!Super pretty!thanks for the reminder about valentines day ..... what to get her this time?

i like how you take someting simple and end up with an interesting image!  Modern day romances! Text Me! and Tweet Me! just crack me up! I admit my age when I mention that we didn't have computers and cell phones for communicating when I was dating! :D

 I created the heart shaped bokeh by putting a black circle with a heart punched hole over my lens. Here is where I learned about the technique: www.diyphotography.net/diy_create_your_own_bokeh

 Big hugs to you too! Hope this kick started your BIG Valentine's Day plans!

 Thanks!

 Now you have plenty of time to decide what to get her! thanks for your comment! Happy Sunday!Oh woooooow, this is so cute! You amaze me all the time with your creativity and talent!

thanks for the tip, I wanna try this technique some time!nice shot with great colors!Nice shot and colors Pixelmama!

Thanks for your visit and have a nice week.
CIAO, ninin.this is wonderful :)this is fabulous...  love the bokeh...and the colors.. just perfect.I kinda like peeps.This was worth the perseverence and the 72 shots--thank goodness its digital.   I've been hankering to try out the shaped aperture technique that you cited, but someone [SG] will need to let me borrow his nifty-fifty.  You made this work really nicely!so fantastic, love this shot!!  It's what I wanted my candy heart shot to look like but I couldn't get my twinkle lights to cooperate!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Yeah, the &quot;Text Me&quot; is certainly a sign of the times. You've crafted a wonderful soft shot here. Did you use fairy lights for the background?Awesome shot! I'll have to try that technique sometime. I used white Christmas lights on white strands; they are sold in the wedding section at the craft store. It took a few shots to get what I was looking for! Thanks so much for your comment Michael!

 I've never tried doing this with twinkle lights! I wonder how that would turn out? My lights don't twinkle at all!

        Thanks so much everyone!Ha ha, that is funny, some sweet eye candy here!Well, Trina this is a great capture.  I know, sometimes one has to go through alot of images till it starts turning right.  That's interesting with the Text Me one....a few years ago, we wouldn't have had a clue what that meant.I love this it's so pretty ::))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Tiny Treasures, and we'd love to have this added to the group!this is awesome!  I too am admitting my age as my hearts never had text me on them.that soo prefection.. wow  love it.. of course beautiful bokeh hearts... i want to learn how to do that &gt;??So beautiful love the soft pastel colours!I love all these gorgeous pastel colors and the heart bokeh is simply delightful....a great composition...so beautifully done!very sweet with the hear bokeh.... gotta have candy hearts for February...This is SO fun!  Love the bokeh and the &quot;text me&quot;.hahaha this is so cute :)Colourfully fun, and the bokeh is wonderful- congrats on Explore!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group! melanie.louette Thanks for letting me know! I had no idea!

And thanks to everyone for all your wonderful, kind and awesome comments! Made for a nice warm &amp; fuzzy Sunday evening! Oops! Now it is early Monday morning! :Dwonderful work!!!!!!!!

lovely shot, lovely colorsHi, I'm an admin for a group called Lo mejor de / Best of, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


--
Vista en tu archivo de interesant&iacute;simo. (?)A stunning work of creativity, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Love this picture!  Great job :)well i say those 72 shots paid off.  this is wonderful!  great shot!WOW! I am looking for sweets like these for Valentines too. My kids would definitely love it. Gorgeous shot and lovely bokeh!Beautiful!I feel like an old fogey. &quot;Text me&quot; candy hearts? Geez!So classic, yet so modern! Terrific!Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=3756461...Awesome! Another one for the Front Page :) Congrats!
The screenshot is here: clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22692. 

Your all FP are listed here.LOL- 'text me' is funny... call me old, but they should keep them as is!
And I hear you about taking 743 different shots before getting one you like. But see, it's worth all that effort b/c this made FP! Congrats on a job well done. ;)Beautiful!
Excellent work.
Well done.
Have a great day.So great!!!!

www.flickr.com/photos/46585378@N02/4280825194/beautiful shot

[via Flickroom]Great capture!!lovely =)This is a winner for sure!!!Hey, you make me so jealous on this one!i could not perfect that heart bokeh no matter how hard i try and oh, FP again!congrats!your doing so well,so happy for you!nice FEBRUARY for you!Happy heart's day!lol this shot is brillian!!
very creative my friend, and i love the hear shape bokeh alot!
it's been a while since i'm your page, you shot so many great shots !! i gotta get on more often there heheheso beautiful!Gorgeous.......the light is stunning! Fabulous work :)Great work!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the flare!!! Beautiful!!!Gorgeous! The light is fantastic :)Beautiful.Oh I feel ashamed that I have not spent more time with my daughter's 2nd pregnancy.  I must, must do some photoshoots.  You have inspired me with this gorgeous image.This is absolutely gorgeous!Beautiful!!Clever portrait, love your composition and the treatment as alwaysYou've captured the beauty and magic of pregnancy. Wonderful portrait!claire, the lighting is absolutely gorgeous! wonderful setup! she must be so happyeverything about this one is special, from the smile to the flare... you rocked it girl!whoo whoo... nice flare, and her expression is so serene.very nice!Beautiful shot!  I love the light and sunflare.this is beautiful...wow this is so inspirational, the way the light comes into the picture..just beautifulabsolutely stunning!! beautiful comp., flare &amp; tones! :)You Are A Blue Ribbon Winner! If you haven't done so, please add your photo to: 
Blue Ribbon Photography (Invited Images ONLY)
Please tag your photo: BlueRibbonWinnerthis is really gorgeous!! and just love the flare:-)Embrace the flair (sic) :-)Wonderful! Love that flare and the warmth of this pic!This is really a gorgeous portrait!! The compo with the light and flare coming from the stairway was a wonderful choice and looks amazing!!!Great compo Clairey! Love that colorful maternity blouse!are you the one who said... I'm not going to photograph people!!

well done! wowAdorable!wow!  love the light, pose and location.That is gorgeous...seen in Explore.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Oh SO beautiful. Her shirt color, the flare, everything! &lt;3I love it here too:)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely ♥Happy Birthday!!!  I really love the textures you used with this beautiful portrait.happy birthday!!! (came over from
helen's.. ; ))gorgeous capure and I love the light in this portrait! :)I just adore the sun flare here. How beautiful!love her smile..:-))
beautiful teach this is amazing...
xoxobeautiful photo- lovely expression- great title
congrats on ExploreShe looks gorgeous, love the sun flare!!Just gorgeous, Have a lovely Birthday
Jo xi swear the colors looked better on photoshop :&quot;&quot;( STUPID MAC :@ anyways V_V FDAIIIIT WALOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD! wallah a7bah walllah! wallah amoot feeeeh wallllllllahhhhhh ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ادري بج تغااارييين ترى بعد انتي اموت فيييج ههههههههه ♥♥♥♥♥Mashalla ;*7yaatii ♥♥rabyyy yslmaa :*Cute! ♥ 
Mashallaحبييييبي :* يئبرني هالولد الجميل أحبه أحبه أحبه 
بوسيه لي 
صارله فتره مايجينا :(god bless him :-)اوبيييه ولييد صاير غييير هون o .O 
اييه علييه هو واخته المزيوونه ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Niiceee &lt;33333333Mazyooon w ana ashad &lt;3 :* 
mashallaaah &lt;3
allah y7f'6aaah *_*يحليله ,, 
يجنن الله يحفظه ويخليه لكم .
:)Mashalla 3alih 

rbyy y7f'66aaaFdaita 7bebyyalba gulbah .
god bless him.
explored:Dmashala 6al3 3la i5tah ;*Mashallah! *.*
Mashallah ..

raby ye7f'9aa ..

perfeCt ..

Great takeeen ..

Amaz!ng wallah ..

n!Ce p!C ..

keeeeeep Go!ng ..Thankks all &lt;33الله يخليه لكمmshalllaaah :*mshalla&lt;3 alla y7f'6aah o y5leeh lkm&lt;3&lt;3 btw loved his name :p mshalla again :*ya 7yaaaati Jameeeeel &lt;3


raby y7af'6aaahmashalla 3aleeeh !! ;* Ydannen ;*Mashallah♥
favedcute mashalla ~

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرmashallah so cuuutr raaby ya7f'6hMashallah 3leeeeh 
(kkkk)
Rabi y7f'6ah 

Tjnn el la86ah :)Mashalla 3leeeeeh cute
allah y7f'6ah inshalla 
Oo al.pic wayed 7lwa walla &lt;3Mashalla :*
the Cutest!mashalla so nice ;)MashallaWaaaay Mashalla 3aleeeh !
Yhaaabeeeel ! ..,  ♥____________♥ !!
BIG FAV 7ag a7la model ;pGreat ;)Mashallah ♥♥♥Mercii all &lt;33♥♥♥^ ;) ;***ماشاء الله 

منور  الإكسبلورر 
^.^Exploredthankks ;DWow this is just a great shot Car 
Those double yellow lines lead you right in to the wonderful red terrainI really miss these mountain views over here living in a totally flat country. Beautifull vista senorita, that yellow line creates a great sense of depth.beautiful composition.I tried this the other day... Unfortunately I quickly realised that you can be considered quite unpopular doing it at rush hour on a busy commuter route home from work... But hey... The police officer and judge were quite understanding.... It was the guy with the rubber gloves I didn't like too much... 

Ooooh.... Sweet shot btw Car..... real nice.... :)Good evening to you Car...and I hope you had a nice weekend. Great shot of &quot;40 miles of bad road&quot;. Love driving through the desert in the American Southwest. Beautiful country and you captured the feel of it here perfectly. I hope you are well...and wishing you a great new week.Plenty of room at the hotel California.... Awesome shot, as usual Carlee
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Cool wind in my hair.... or not in my case lol.
 Lovely vanishing point of the double yellows, beautiful landscape and love that sky.

Love it reminds me of Southern  Cal.

Bri ::))great road shot, I feel as though I am there...and singing along to the Eagles!Great perspective and composition.Perfect DOF, A great car capture !Love that yellow line in the landscape.
Happy Sunday Car :)or its probably Monday by now actually for you....lol ;)Seems a long way to go.Excellent vanishing point, beautiful shot. Have a good day and keep smiling.Excellent deep colours here Car!! Love the yellow centre lines.
Open roads are so cool to stop &amp; take a shot on.What an awesome shot Carl. The perspective here is amazing and the clarity of the DOF. Beautiful scenery also. I'd love to be able to take long drives if the scenery looked this good.Great, the yellow line leads you into that view wonderfully, and the sky is pure vanilla. Was this one of those satnav moments?Great leading lines and vanishing point. I love the richness of the red rock.Cool wind in my hair....now you put this tune in head for the day, Ishall have to play now....look at that cloudage wonderful shot!I love the lines in this image.



--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)So very awesome - I can't wait to see this part of the country - on my bucket list for sure :) !!!!!!!!!!wow, very nice POV...great leading lines. Well done
Suethis is awesome!
love the perspective! :DExcellent vanishing point

Great perspective--really great capture!!Very nice capture.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)This image brings to my mind the movie Thelma and Louise or the beginning of the videoMy favorite game of The Cardigans it gives me a great sense of freedom, out obligations ..... driving by the pleasure of driving without going anywhere. Fantastic, Car. Have a great day!Wonderful, what an amazing place. Love how u have captured it so perfectly, great sky!And still those voices are calling from far away...

awesome pairing!  love the song and the shot!i can feel the heat in this shot.  
love how you stood in the middle of the road... great shot car!
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Beautiful shot!  I love the composition.  This makes me seriously miss the Southwest - need to get back there sometime!I want to drive alog that road.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Gorgeous shot.  Nice perspective and composition.  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Oh wow, take me with you on you next trip please !!!  Love how you framed thisbeautiful color, nicely composedTerrific perspective - wonderful colors and light.
I really love this.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I like where you are going with this shot ;) Well done Car.

Seen on Fluidrahh the open road..nice one

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Long way to go, Car. Love the depth you captured here. Superb compo!oh yes, it´s soooooo beautiful !
great colors !Love the color...makes me want to move on down the road! :o)Stunning Composition !Perfect!!Lovely! I like that bit of curve in the road, and the road leading off into those great rocks. Great cloudage too!fabulous colour and view of the open road...marvelous shot Car.Woohoo! I thought that might be Route 66, but I see it's US 9!
Awesome perspective on this one, Car! Lovely colors and scenery, too!
Happy Monday, my friend!!!beautiful perspective view my friend!Oh this is marvellous.  i have one a bit like this, but - I don't think it's as good as yours!!  Might post it but you might show me up hee hee!three words... stunning, stunning, and stunning... i'm so a fan of your images... i so LOVE road shots... and the background mountain kicked the notch up to another thousand percent goodness... oh and did i mention i'm a fan? =) 
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?²ˣ)Awesome vanishing point Car, cracking shot !!!Very cool!Gorgeous scenery, what a beautiful and sunny day!i love the vanishing point. awesome car!beautiful, great place and shot ;)Great shot Car!I love the perspective Car....well done

 have just returned from a trip to South Africa so I apologize for not being active on FlickrIt's a cassic. The open road disappearing out of sight is a favourite metaphor. Great tones and, of course, top cloud action.Great lines and sky.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Car, this is one lovely all american scene, excellent perspective and composition!Cool stretch of highway--love the color and
the rock formations!  Hope your Monday wasn't 
blue, dear Car!Oh.....this is country I live and breath for.  Wide open spaces.  Fabulous!Beautiful shot and I love the clouds!makes me wanna put in my Eagles CD and have a glass of wine : ) fantastic shot, and congrats on explore.If only the pioneers had had trails like this to follow!  Great view and I like the Eagles reference!Awesome Shot :)My favorite kind of scene. woah!  Love it!did u just risk your life standing in the middle of the road car? great shot Car, love it. How did you go with all that rain up thereWonderful capture!

Seen on FluidrFantastic !! And it does looks better bigger ;-Dlove how the lines on the road leads into the picture!!Convite para postar a sua bela foto
no grupo “Olhar sobre a Naturreza&quot;.

Adicione sua linda foto no grupo:
www.flickr.com/groups/944383@N24/
(Add 1- Award 1)excellent perspective and love those clouds
have a great week carbeautiful- wide open and inviting- congrats on ExploreGreat road shot! Pretty!!this is beautiful! I'd just shoot it from the ground next time!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Road to Nowhere...
Looks Fantastic!Perfect, amazing lead in line....why am I humming &quot;Road to Hell&quot; though? Certainly doesn't look l like hell to me, more paradise!This is a stunning shot :D I love the feeling of distance and space :DSuperb composition, Car, the road take the eye straight to those wonderful hills.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
----------------
Cherry on top! Photography
Your photograph is the cherry on top! We would love for you
to show it off in our group www.flickr.com/groups/cherryontop
invited with SICI (2009-02-28)Beautiful! This is the kind of shot I have in mind when I think of the American Southwest!Beautiful capture! Really great!
Well composed and nice depth of field effect!Beautiful moss shot!  It looks like a giraffe craning it's head back to me...This is really incredible!  The water drops are amazing and then the moss is just icing on the cake!  Love it!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Thanks Johnaeus, Japh and Beth!  The giraffe is well spotted Japh, I hadn't noticed that  :-)Another amazing droplet Emi :o)  I don't know how you do it, but they're always fascinating to look at.wow, i really like it, very nice, and well composed...Lovely lines!  So pleasing to the eye :)
This great photo
was seen in Alternative Viewswww.youtube.com/watch?v=s0pr8lcCkPw
 
Perhaps perhaps perhaps...This song for your tender heart:)

An exquisite image was arranged by your great composition/treatment. 

 SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST..BY AN ADMIN CONSIDERED.

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool.

Be happy, be healthy:)Thanks Matty, Buchokoy, Lisa, Advaya and Soleil for your nice comments  :-)great focus, lovely tones and bokeh!
you have captured them very beautifully Emi!Thanks very much, simba jane!  :-)wow!!!this is beautiful!!!
:DGreat shot!Well Emi you seem to have got it right it was worth the effort it a good shot well done, I like it a lot. Thank you for your visits and comments on my photostreme much appreciated.
PatrickEmi..you are so very patient...and...that's why you get such beautiful shot !Wow! Beautiful droplets!! Really lovely capture Emi!! : )I adore your waterdrop obsession.   :)

These are all amazing Emi. 

They have such a surreal otherworldly feel to them. 

Perfect  :)Very nice shot!Wow... these shots are getting more spectacular!  Great focus and detail as always, love the vibrant red in this one!great shot !beautiful macro....i cannot believe how small those drops are in real life!!
SEEN IN I shoot them where they lay group.such a lovely image. . .:)) beautifully and patiently done. . .;)))

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Wonderful macro with great details.Wow... I logged on this morning and saw all these lovely comments... thanks everyone! Will get around your photostreams as soon as I can :-)fantastical!I love this, quirky and beautiful :)Thanks Ang and Inncercreation for your comments!  :-)An absolutely stunning capture, beautifully done.Fantastic shot.!  Gorgeous droplets.What a splendid capture, Emily! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love the way the 'tower' is composed - all so tiny and yet so detailed.  The light and the colours are so rich and warm, and of course the droplets are fab.  Another really great macro.Your work is fascinating ...
The color and detail is stunning!Thanks Janette &amp; Jack, Peter, Ali, Kathy and Bill!  :-)Oh my oh my oh my! I can well imagine just how difficult it was to pull this off! The background is wonderful--really neat how it has that fade. As for the focus--that is very very well done and the foreground colors fantastic!

Your patience was well rewarded!Thanks so much David, the focus was the difficult bit but I'm happy with it!  :-)Fabulous job, considering that your subject was a bit 'uncooperative' :)Exquisite and graceful capture, Emi! Saw this earlier in Explore (web surfing at work on my lunch)  but couldn't get to your stream until now. Very fine work!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Lovely. What are you using, an extension tube with your 50mm?Thanks Don and Celeste!

Pramod, all I'm using is the lens. No extension tubes or other equipment  :-)Excellent shotThanks Nikko!Está lindo!Um  azul tão intenso...e um vermelho tão esbatido ...será prenuncio de alguma desgraça  ?
Linda foto !Well done!Vitor nem falas no verde né
Vi tu preciosa foto en - I see your nice picture in www.flickr.com/groups/mariposas_flora_y_faunaBeautiful bird!

 Seen in Birds Photos GroupGrande foto Mestre... esse azul está lindooo..:)Espectáculo!!Belíssima foto, com grande nitidez!Numa pose perfeitaVictor a desgraça já começou.
Ainda nos vamos rir...
Linda foto.Excelente.

Vi tu preciosa foto en - I see your nice picture in www.flickr.com/groups/mariposas_flora_y_faunaPrecioso ''ejemplar'' bonito colorido.Posou para o mestre! Está uma maravilha!!!!Fantástica. O azul fica sempre bem.Lindissima, com cores fantásticas.I will be trill to have this quality and this kind of shot.
Fabulous colour and outstanding achievement.

 

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Please, consider adding this photo to “A” Class group :::::::::::::::::::::::::::: C o n v i t e ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
 Ficou lindo.
Nunca vi um destes.Está do melhor... digna de um grande mestre!!!* Excellent *Fabuloso, ficou de grande classe

[ via flickriver explore &nbsp;--rlsuk ]Great shot!Fixe. Já tenho saudades desse bicho!Fantastic capture!fantastic

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Superb beautiful sharp image.a little gem!
awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--
 This amazing shot is
invited 

 Empyrean Fauna (invite only) - post 1 award 1 in the pool 

Please award the work of one of our other artists !!!
Join in in our latest contest:
www.flickr.com/groups/empyreananimals/discuss/72157621959...
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Fantástica, ainda não &quot;apanhei nenhum, mas é muito apetecível, tem umas cores lindas...Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthSuperb detail *****Wonderful bird shot !Que belo pássaro!I love the angle of this.  Colours really stand out too :-)very cute!So tender, love it.  Really rich colours &amp; texture tooThis is adorable

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)This is fab!

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hitched Photo-A-Day / -A-Week / -A-Whenever 2010&quot; (?)This is gorgeous, brilliant focus too.Love this and your tag lolJust lovely.

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010This is lovely, great texturesFab capture.Love her wee finger, very cute.wowThis is just so adorable. Just let out a very big awwwwwwcool pictureReally cool!How cute.So gorgeous

--
Seen in the group&quot;Explore Furore&quot; (?)Lovely!great capture.Seen in Explore.Wow!
Lovely image..

well done.Preciosa... encantadora...fantastica compo....un reflejo que se saleMuy buena rafa, espectacularPreciosa.....Pedazo foto, es nocturna? me encanta! además, tengo que pegarle una visitica a este mirador, que está por el faro? Un saludo!Transmite paz y tranquilidad.
Saludos.great capturePreciosa imagen,el mar transmite mucha tranquilidad.
Un saludobellissimo!!!!!!!meraviglioso scato!!!Preciosa captura Rafa, eres un mago de la fotografía, me encantan todas tus fotos !!
Un abrazo. ;-)

Esta gran fotografía ha sido vista en:
muy bonitooo, me gusta la personalidad que le da el vareteado.perfectUna chulada, que bonito colorido. Saludos

¿no te vienes a la cena de Afali ? vengaaaaaMuy buena foto, Rafa. Habrá que acercarse a verlos.Excelente paisaje. Buen trabajo, saludosgreat shot!!! Beautiful!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)......me gustan tus fotos, son muy ricas de detalle. un saludoBien compuesta crack.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)What a FANTASTIC photo !!


Your fantastic color picture is my winner!
Please add this photo to Color Photo Award - PREMIER
The road to BRONZE, SILVER or GOLD starts at PREMIER!
Get your VOTE ON at CONTEST CENTRAL! Have you entered today's contests?
Follow CPAPREMIER on TWITTER!Preciosa foto y precioso lugar

Muy bonita, me gusta la composición y la luz que has captado.
Un saludoFantastic composition and lights! I love it!!!oooh I love the concept of this
the lighting is wonderful too!
Very nice :)lighting is amazing, great shot!just one of my alltime fav pics-gorgeousThis is awesome! Well done(:I love your stream! this is so elegant!i love it!wow what a great conceptI like this...a lot! great work!!!omg i totally did this same song, same concept!! www.flickr.com/photos/babs4180/4268865513/ (im not trying to whore out my picture i jsut think it is cool we both did it. lol)
 LOL!! Strangely enough i am a HUGE metal head and i pretty much hate slipknot. LMAO!

Beautiful shot here! Love the lighting.This is lovely.
I love how your hair is in a bun.no way jenna THIS is inspiring!!Wonderful shot and idea!Just gorgeous.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)So if you love me, let me go. &lt;3
I love that song. and this is amazing.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World of Disturbia , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthThis is beautifully lit.So lovely ... great processing!I really love the softness of the image.lovely muted coloursVery pretty tones and perfect depth of focus....seen in 52.5 of 2010.I certianly hope so!I love the colors, this is so beautiful!
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty TenWell seen and great colours.Fantastic color! This is gorgeous.lovely and soft...and I like the compositionexcellentBeautifully capturedabsolutely gorgeous tones and focus, lovely composition as well!Lovely tones, great shot. :)Lovely image - love the processing

--
Seen in the group&quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)Bonjour, je suis l'administrateur du groupe ~ JUST NATURE ~ (NEW Membership is by Admin Invite only), et nous aimerions beaucoup que vous ajoutiez ceci à notre groupe !

quick post to Just Nature before the little birds finish them off ...!!!Quietly beautiful. Well done!goodこの写真、すっごく好きです!
ＰｏｗｅｒｓｈｏｔＧ１０で撮ったんですよね?フィルムみたいな色してますね～。lovely tones..beautiful tones~
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)love the soft tones!such lovely aura~Seen in 52.5 of Twenty Ten
gorgeous............ ...
.. . ...........

Realmente foi uma aventura e tanto ;-):-)Campaign successful and wonderful trip, beautiful waterfalls and scenery

fav (:belos registros Nilson!
só tem umas fotos que não aparecem para mim!

obrigada pelo convite para participar dessa aventura!as fotos que não aparecem são censuradas hehehhe
Foi maravilhoso este passeio.Parabéns pelas fotos e pelo passeio.
Até valeu as minhas caídas e um joelho roxo.All great shot, these are awesome, stunning water flow ;)CarOi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Olhar sobre a Naturreza! (Post 1 Award 1)  e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

super registros - fantástiscas imagens!A superb set of images!Lindas fotos, parabéns!Vi a sua linda foto no grupo
“Olhar sobre a Naturreza&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
(Add 1- Award 1)Vi a sua linda foto no grupo
“Olhar sobre a Naturreza&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
(Add 1- Award 1)lindasão francisco de paula - rs ...quem te conheçe não te esqueçe !

lindas fotos, belo registro !Gostei... esse ambiente de luz filtrada, muito musgo verde por todo o lado, água límpida... deliciosa :-)

Vi a sua linda foto no grupo
“Olhar sobre a Naturreza&quot;.

Obrigado pela bela contribuição
ao grupo e seja bem vindo!
(Add 1- Award 1)great shotOi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado FLICKR: YOUR MOST POPULAR PHOTO e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!

Belissima foto!sao incriveis..onde sao?Muito legal a sequência de fotos!
O efeito que você fez na água ficou show!
Esses passeios são muito bons...principalmente quando são com amigos que se veem pouco.
Adorei!Belíssimas as fotos. Parabéns!!

 I've seen your perfect photo in 



 The largest group in the world.
Please tag your picture with &quot;The largest group in the world.&quot;bellissimo set !!!Parabens pelas fotos, amei o veu de noiva nas cachoeiras, ainda nao tive a oportunidade de fotografar cachoeiras,mais nao vejo a hora.
Abracao amigoQue delicia de sequência, e que lugar tão belo... amei!!!


Parabéns pelo Explore...

bjão amigo!!!Beautiful photo, great work.wow!lol, beautiful and lovely.mmm...Hehehe. Nine one bro.nice catch. love the lighting.great light!That is some tongue. Great lighting and i just love that red backgroundWhat the!? :DCute and quirky.Ayeah!!! woot woot!!!!Great photo. Makes me smile.Great shot , like the feel to it well done. JJ♪masterful shot
Great shot!
Discovered! by
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called No limits-Sin limite, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Genial amusing and aggressive portrait.

Excelent work!fantastic shot!awesome portrait, love the colors!!fantastic !
great personality + model ..Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!awesome shot

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Spectacular!Great shotWow!  Unbelievable!Nice shot.wow, I had such a physical reaction to this shot, I felt my chest open so wide and let in a giant deep breath. I think I need to go to the mountainsWow! Must go here one day! Beautiful shot.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wow, awesome Gary!  I will be back in Anchorage for the first week in March, hope we can catch up.Very interesting perspective. 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Deep North&quot; (?)Lovely!I'm humbled by all your comments, everyone. Thank you.
Scottishmama: Believe it!
Liesel: See you in March!Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthGorgeous shot! We were there last summer and just loved it. Love this road shot!

www.flickr.com/groups/52241353428@N01/ماشاءالله
لقطه جميله :)very sweetماشاءالله عليهآ

الله يحفظهآ لكمnice mashallaDisney quote♥اموررررررررررررررررره

كثير حلوه الصوره ابدعتيتزنن ماشالله

كثير كيوته
ماشاء الله
جوها رآيق

ربي يحفظ المودل ()ماشاء الله جداً مميزةCute mashallahAmazing shoot
allah y7f'6 al.model inshallasoo beautiful 
Mashallah
el edit yjnni just admire your lil model!ya7lelha
fav ;)n!ce,

ملحهآاااااا 

تبآارك الله  , 

ربي يحفظهآا  ,woow
just perfect !!

keep goingand the answer is .. 3anooooooooooooood :DTjnn Mashalla :*.
.

Beautiful .. ㋡
Mashallah &lt;3

.
.how cute! I love dogs, I can babysitt any time. Just let me know! haoh what a beautiful dogawnnnn adorable Ringo!
fantastic light and catch my friendwhat a beautiful pair of eyes:)He looks so puppyish here!Star.Beautiful!I love this - so cute  :)i can see the big smile on his face^_^
sun makes him happy...sun would make me happy too&lt;3So cute! =)Such a cute dog, beautiful light on the dog!gorgeous!! beautifully lit shot and such gorgeous eyessuch a beauty! Great shot, Miguel!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Ohhhh handsome boy such nice shiny black love itnice golden light.....Outstanding capture,adorable view,astonishing shot.Have a great week,Miguel,and stay well.Lovely eyes you have there, Ringo baby.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Only &quot;The Best&quot; Are In Memories Through Photographs Original, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Ringo is so handsome . . . beautiful coat and image of him, Mig!  Hope you had a great weekend and happy week ahead! Hugs and cheers, LuluCheck out his eyes! They're like AMBER! 
Gorgeous! 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awwwww, I want a dog.Hello Ringo!Such a cute dog you have there Miguel. Love the glow in his eyes.Sweet face!friendly look!  I want sun on my face too!awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--


You are a &quot;Best In Show&quot; Winner!
Please add your photo to:
Best In Show (Invite Only)
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )i love the tones! and the lighting! &lt;3I love the fact that your room looks so bright and simple. So pretty!great lightyou always have such great lightawesome light! great tones and colours! beautiful!nice light :) haha yeah stop seeing it :P or try lottery this weekBeautiful light, and I LOVE that catalog. Luckily I have an outlet JCrew near my home... so that makes me happy. :)great lightbeautiful lighting and mood!lovely tones and i love your outfit too!such gorgeous light.....like everybody else has said,awesome light and tones!Soooooo gorgeous! :)Please hold onto your limbs! 
The light in your room filtered through the semi-sheer curtains casts the perfect light onto you.Lovely! Great light!wow...very beautiful shot...It looks like a perfect sunny day in corner of your room.  I love that you have a stuffed teddy bear on your bed.graciousyou have the most gorgeous light in your room!Incredibly 'Beautiful'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work!So soft and gorgeous!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Asian Female Self Portraits, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I ♥ J.Crew...Gorgeousness!
I lalalove the softness and tones!I think you should make a catalogue of &quot;Alice&quot;... just really love your style :)your shots are always so amazingly light.
once again, adore the contrast, but this time of your hair &lt;3i loooove the light in your room!wonderfulI have to admit that I have always been envious of your window light. Soft light, great wrap.

Yes, catalogs are bad/good; we all have our vices.Gorgeous, Smile!!!
RichardNicely composed, everything is balanced beautifully.beautiful light in your room! ;)You look like Sun from Lost.I love that magazine.  Gorgeous clothes plus beautiful photography equals huge temptation.  Luckily there's an outlet by my parent's house!beautiful you and light. lots of snow here but at least there was lovely sunshine too today.i love j.crew catalogs too!  ps: is your shirt from there in this pic?
it's cute!!! Great pic of you :)Love your bow! You have such a cute style. I think looking through any catalogue is a good way to waste time!!I was just looking at this. Is it just me, or are the little girl dresses to die for?this is beautiful. i love browsing through catalogues :)wonderfulSoft and beautiful shotYou look fantastic!Nice shot !! It looks like such a peaceful moment :D That's what I like most about this capture :Dawww. ur room is soo simple and beautiful.masterful shot
*JOIN US* YOU CAUGHT MY EYE !
Simply beautiful.Absolutely lovely!so lovely :)Lovely tones!  Another cute shot!  Don't sell your limbs!  Just sell prints!  ;)Perfect light!What a comfy room...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=5161739...Nice nice shot!! It was on Front Page. Congrats!!!Well deserved frontpage explore!

really nice tonessuch a calming photoLove the soft tones and the fresh light!!!awesome.  have a great dayA stunning work of composition, imagination and technical mastery...I'ma amazed and this picture is a great source of inspiration! Humans are a difficult subjects but you know how to capture them...Congratulations also for the Explore, it deserves it completely...Wow! Beautiful lighting...Explore!! beautfiul shot :) as everyone has mentioned. lovely lighting! so envious your so far through 365. I just started and its HARD!very nice
congrats front page...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)that light is just amazing!Bravo!

Wonderful shot.

Really love it.
Good eveningbeautifulBeautiful light and tonesthe lighting is beautiful!I love how your headband adds warmth to the cold background :]Awe, I really like your headband. :DBrilliantWOW! I bet you never sleep in with all that light - how cool!

Its been cloudy since yesterday here and because of it I woke up late for work - ugh!Oh! Great light and composition. Outstanding moment you've captured!Hi, 
baby i m waiting 2 see  removing ur dress. Plz remove &amp; saw me ur nice body.A lovely image, I really like the saturated light coming in.I am sure you would look lovely in those Jcrew pieces.   This room light is so yummy! *sigh* ♥Holy crap. I think I have the same bear!you look so gorgeous! perfect sp!Lovely portrait !pristineheeheee i like the headband!So beautiful...love your style...:)this is soooooooo so fabulous...I want to see my picture in the background someday :Dlove the lighting. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )your room is so stylish, just like you =DGreat shot, one of my favorites from the day for sure.Yea, a nice one indeed, Seattle, no doubt. 

Great day for a moody black and white! And I like the angles and framing.very nice shotIt turned out great!!! And watching you take it was equally as fun!That's totally awesome.
Love it!And here's the shot in action:

Congratulations on the Explore of this photo.good shot and goot view !!

 YOU ARE INVITED!! 

 

Your photo is a superb shot or has more 200 comments or 20 favorites so you have been invited to join and post your photo at Simply Your Best Photo...Thank you and enjoy it !!!في نظرهم شي مقرف
بس بالعكس شي إبداع

ولله وعرفت كيف تتمودل =D
ناقص بس كرسي ورجل على رجل


لقطه جمممميله ولله =Dهههههههههههههههههههه  مثل نملتي يوم اصورهاااا


بس ماشالله بطله صوورتك
سبحانك ياربي :|
لقطه فظييييييييييييييييييعه ورائعه لأبعد الحدود 

لول @ سالفة الخوف :P
تسلم أناملك :)Wow, terrific macro!yaaaaa allaaaaah !!
sub7an allah !!
ana ma a7b 9or al7shrat abdan bs hathi raw3ah mn 8lb !!
bjd i like it so much !
i think it should go 2 my fav ^^ابداااااااااااااااااااع ماشالله حبيتها من قلب والله
it worth the fear walla !لآ حبيتهآ من جدّ
خآشه جو ههههههههه
بس مدري ليه ما حسيتها مقززه :O !
.. سبحآن الله .. و لله في خلقه شؤون

Fav &lt;3speechless !!
its more than PERFECTWoooooooooooooW

انشهد انك مبدعه

والله يوفقك

FAV[مع أني مآحب الحشرآت , بس اللقطه هذي عجبتني]

Let The Photo Talk :]:P ما اقدر ابلع صور الذبان 
شعندهم فلكر هاليومين تقولين حملة ذبان XD
بسكم عاد لوعتوا جبدنا &lt;&lt;ماعليج محتره للحين ماخذت عدسه 
خخخخخخ ذكرتيني بفطوم والله , شفت صورت الذبانة عندها 
يوم ثاني كنت ادور بالحوش الا شفت ذبانه كانها دبابه 
خخخخخ عاد امي كانت شايفه معاي صورة ذبانة فطوم &lt;&lt;حتى الذبان صار لهم انتماء
الا تقولي صوريها لها هههههههه مت من الظحك ولوعة الجبد 
بس تجرأت وصووووورت ذبانه 
خخخخخخخ والله احسه انجاز 
:Pبس ما ادري متى بتجرأ وبنزلها خخخ
التفاصيل دقيقة ووو خخ بسكت احسن
صورة مقرفة رائعة ههههههههاشووف اسمي هنا هههه
;D

شعندك تومايا صوتك واصل آخر الفلكر هههههههههههههههه
لبى قلبها أمك , حبيبتي تقدر الفن موب انتي الي تقولين وع 
=Pp

ترنيم ماعليك منها لقطه حلوه وكل الذبان كلهم لافرق الله شملهم  ههه
بس والله انك جريئه كيف قربتي هالكثر انا ماااقدرت ^^

تسلم دياتكالتفاصيل مدهشه بالصوره !

بس اكره هالمخلوق الصغير من اعماق قلبي :Dواووووووو ترتر :|

تجننننننن وقسم بالله ابدعتيييي فيهم

ماعليكم من هالكيوتاات ووع ومدري وشوو..وربي ابداااااع

ودي اصور حشره كذا بكل تفاصيلها العمييييييييقه ..بجرب بالماكرو حقتي وان شاء الله تضبط معي

بس وربي قفززه قفززه كبيييره بهالابدااع كله

انتي كذا :قووود:سالفتك معها حلوه d =

يسعدك ربي

النتيجه مرا وااااو

مشاءلله ماكرو جميل والوانها حلوه

تسلم يمينك خيتو =)This is a different type of close up. I did take few pics of fly (you can check my photostream) but yours is different and i aint sure if it's the edit. I agree with the note on the pic :]هههههه عجبتني القصّة! xD
حلووة الصورة، وعجبتني الخلفيّة بعد..
بالتوفيق :)الصووووورة ابدااااع 
خاصه مع الوااان الذبااانة 
يختي شوفي عينها كأنهاا الماسه &lt;&lt; ههههههه سلكي على التشبيه 
حاولت اصور ذبان بس يختي تطير قبل لا اشغل الكاميرااا 
قهررر
الصورة روقان 
موفقةlol :P
loved the details ;p
bs araf xDلا لا عذاب الصور .. ما شاء اللهRw3a mashalla abd3 mn glb  &lt;&lt;&lt;333   

bs 3jeeeeeba (Y)

 |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   
ما عندهم سالفه
ماكرو فظيع فظيع فظيع ماشاء الله
سؤال بس !
انتي تصورينها كل هالوقت بالفلاش وما طارت ؟ =\
.

سبحان الله .. عيونها غريبة !
الماكرو فعلاً خاااطيييير !
لقطة جداً عنيفة .. اهنيك ترتر والله ..Excellent details :)
Loved it :)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/orangery-sos/]
ههههههههه إيييه أنا وش أقول فوق..
بالفلاش أحسها تسمرت في مكانها و ما تحركت إلا بعد ربع ساعة ما وقفت تصوير بالفلاش
:Dابداااااع

ما شاء الله

سبحان الخالق

الصورة بعدسة ؟ماكرو 100مم من كانون
:)رائعة ياترانيم ولسه كنت راح اسأل عن العدسة بس لقيت الإجابة 

ياسبحان الله على التفاصيل هناوش مقرفة .. حرام تجنن .. 
سايرة شكل المودل ذبانة هانم خطييييير
ماشاء الله ساير لونها فضي ^^

رهيبة .. 

سلمتي 
+Favآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآآ
فظيييييييييييييييييييييعه :|
ماشاء الله ماشاء الله 

ترآآآآآآنيم جد شي مو طبيعي بسم الله ع  قلببببببك ؤ4 ق5بطللللللللللة يا ترنييييييم

ماشاء الله تبارك الله ماكرو يفووق الجماالحبيتها 

للفاف على طولوالله صورتك لها طالعه مو مقرفه
بالعكس احس طالع شكلها جميل مرره 
اصلا اول ماشفتها حسبتها قطعه مجوهرات ع شكل حشره ههههههههههه

&gt;&gt;&gt; قوويه :P

ذبان هاليومين يحبون التميلح
دايم مبدعه وتعجبني صورك

fav ^^amazing macro

well done 

good luck in 365 project 

amazing photostream !!Looks great in the large size!wow...I am impressed..never did one of these...looks so great..Nice pano.Lovely panoAwesome image Shannon!Nice place.
We camp there every year.
Great shot(s)!Fabulous pano!  Never tried one myself, I think I'll have to now.  This is great!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Never tried to do this, but you've done a terrific job.  Beautiful photo.Another beauty. Great result.You did a great job with this panorama.  Do you need a special program?Grand pano - well done.

--
Seen in the group&quot;ClanFlickr&quot; (?)Lovely pano, that water is so calm ;)CarWow, lovely!  Looks so peacefulthank you everyone! 
Steve ..I used Photomerge in Elements.  /the hardest part was being careful when I took the shots to keep them all at the same settings and overlap enough of each one with the next to get a good seam. I read quite a bit about it before I attempted it and it made it easy.Great job, nice sky...gI like the landscape in this great shot.Nice pano shotExcellent stitching job! I love the balanced light in this shot...the lit town on the left and the sun on the right. Very well done my friend! :)Lovely pano, great colors and lots of detail.  Great job!Oh that is adorable! I love this shot!So precious - love this :) !Brilliant!  Instant fave!So cute!What an awesomely cute idea!Great idea!!Lol! I just took one like this with the same truck. Too cute.OH! So cute!ohhh my goodness!!!  What a cute shot!!!I love how it's all boy, but still precious baby!that's awesome!  i've been trying to keep my eyes open for baskets, boxes, and material.  i hadn't thought of a big yellow dump truck! =]to cute!Love this prop.love love love this!!!Happpy birthdaaayHappy Birth day to her ;OHappyBirthDay to MEME'n
Tstahl 7beebti 
love her /youh wayeeed ;*meme'n
a777777777biiich
ya jamela &lt;3
and i miss your face
yaaaa ba3diii entiiHappy Birthday (^)&lt;3
i miss youh Sa'3a :(saroo
miss you moore
H.B.D (^)awwh :p happy birthday .. lovely taken (A) :p .. i lo v e y o u both !Fdaaiitch wallah Sa'3a ♥♥
Thnnnxx ya glbbii ♥♥
ana a3shgiicch ♥♥
Wallaah oO 2nnti w7ashtene akkthhaar w akthar :( &lt;//3
3jbatnii 7ntch ;p♥
7baaiitt ellpiicc waiiidd ♥♥♥
wallah donno what to say ;$♥♥
Fdaitch .. thnnx again ♥♥
____
thhnnnxx all adoorkkuumm ♥♥♥♥Happy Birthday 2 herMeme'n
a77777bich
sh'sawaitiii leee ya roo7 
sara antii
rabi y5leech le ya a7la meme'n fe halkoon H.B.D (^) !Nice picture ya jameela 
Love you ya ba3ad hearti &lt;33 !
Tslam your beautiful hands
__
Happy BirthDay Chouul &lt;33H.B.D(^)
HappyBirthDay To Her =D
[K]shawage
a777biiich
mooot wrabii love you sara il.kabera :P:P:P:PNiiiiice 
Keep going 
Comment Me plzz + NoteHappy BirthDay To Her
iLOVEyou MEME'N And LOVEyou SA'3AAdore youh &lt;333Rawww3a &lt;3
Ammazin shoot sweetie ; **meme'n
allah y5leech leناايس بكجرhappy Birthdayhappy birth daaaaaay
el p!c soooo n!!!!!cethnx thnxناااااااااااااااااااااااايس

ابدعتي الصراحه

تسلم يدج

ويعطيج الف عافيه

وربي يحفظج

ودوووم في العلالي يارب

^_^Great shot ....Great, the golden yellow reflections rock. 

Seen on Fluidrcool perspectiveGreat work, Simon !Fantastic!

A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)completely awesomeooooh!!! love it love it love!!!!Great as usual with your orb images.  Not quite sure about the yellow/gold, though...  I think it might be nice to have some warm colours in the scene itself, so the bokeh isn't so prominent...  Then again, perhaps you're going for that contrast between the two.  Either way, still very cool.this is outstanding; I actually go the other way and enjoy the yellow in this puppy, as it's different. Feels classically 80s to me with the touch of green and red on the tops of the buses..Hey, this is wicked. Great contrast with the colors. I like the play on the words in the photo.the yellow cast from the ball is perfect..

it makes a classic look of HK...

good job Simon...:)Wow! Cool! Did you bring the glass ball with you?Great shot,  well balance capture.amazing!Awesome !!

 
You are invited to post your perfect photo at: Perfection In Picturestitle is perfectThe clarity is stunning!  WOW!The world is your oyster.Superb and I like the apt title!Wonderful photo, my friend

 Invited to ~CONTACT GROUP~

Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3jee, wat mooi zeg! precies het goede moment!prachtige opnamen, Nelly!!! Goeie timing!!hij is heel mooisuperebe image!!Une image très intéressantec'est pas souvent le côté photographié!!! bien interessant cependantHij is mooi.. zeker van voren.This is a fantastic photo! - well done!
nice.This is a fantastic photo! - well done!
beautiful
Congratulations! Your photo is a favourite in
&quot;The Unforgettable Pictures Group&quot;
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3--

Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as an &quot;Unforgettable Picture&quot;
You are invited to add your wonderful picture to The Unforgettable Pictures Group
Please read the Group Rules and tag your photo TheUnforgettablePictures
INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3
--
Seen in the group&quot;The Unforgettable Pictures ~ INVITES ONLY ~ Comment on 3 !! ~&quot; ( ?² )This is a fantastic photo! - well done!
wow!!!Prachtig zeg!Wonderful!Beautiful shotAbsolument Superbe! Comme d'habitude. Quel talent, Nelly!J'aime beaucoup la première photoVery nice!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Gefeliciteerd en terecht. Goede timing.Schitterend , Nelly ! Ik ga voor de eerste foto !
Grappig zeg , bij ons zegt men : &quot;achter Kontich wonen nog mensen !&quot; 
Gefeliciteerd met Explore !Nice composition and tones...:)


Congratulations! Your photo is a favourite in
&quot;The Unforgettable Pictures Group&quot;
 INVITE only &amp; Comment on 3  
 Commented with SIC
I would appreciate your commentsLove this Alice - what a gorgeous, cheeky chappie! Fabulous backdrop!Wow!  Brilliant shot!Aww...just lovely!Love that cheeky grin!Sweet!  Love the suspenders.So cute !Awwww, you'll have to blow this up HUGE when he gets married!!!very sweet :)what a handsome little fella. this is a great shot.Oh cute! This would be a fab V.Day card!adorable!He looks like an extra from Bugsy Malone - I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So adorable! 

You're so lucky having all that natural light. *jealous*Awesome, packs a punch portrait!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Perfect, what a little gentleman :)

I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~I saw this in: 

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~Beautiful detailing, so elegant!
Love the colours reflected in the beads.How pretty!Very nice detailwow - more than wonderful  - great workI just want to say hello and btw, this is nice.Ooooo...a sneak preview!! Looks gorgeous! :-))wow !!! a super pic indeed...sparkles !!!! INVITE to post photo... 
I think this photo is a  

Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/
After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShotA very imaginative real life abstract, I too love the colours reflected in the beadsit will be a beautiful wedding.  :-)How beautiful............Beautiful - what a lot of work and on white....  Love the coloured reflections.Gorgeous!  The details are beautiful.What a gorgeous detail and beautiful little intricate beads!  %-)

Seen in 52wau2010 Week 6♥.♥-lovellyy

alla y7f'6 elmodelfdeetiCh leena 
a7biiiiiiiiiCh moot ;D
miss you :'')leena el.jmelaaa :P
miss u yaaaaftah 
FAV :Pp Miss yoouh ;( Great sweety !
Love u ;''$7baiiiiiiit el9oooooora 
&lt;3 

fav mn 8lllllbniceeeeee♥_♥
Niice .. :P
Cinderella :D&lt;33    
Wonderful **               
&lt;3 it :******jamela&lt;3
raw3a ♥♥J'aime
meow meowlove you :**Hi, I'm an admin for a group called artland, and we'd love to have this added to the group!♥♥♥♥3jeeba (L)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Mashalla -_-&quot;loveyOu :$ &lt;3Thaaaaank's All ;$ &lt;33&lt;3!&lt;3 her !nice shootBetween being VERY busy, thankfully, and being incredibly picky about what I post, I have not been here as often as before.  I also have some good news that I will share at a later date.  Right now I need to play catch-up.Beautiful image and treatment!Dramatic mood ~love the light. great detail
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Beautiful light and colour tones!Nice bridge. I tried to get some covered bridge shot in Allentown while I was there and couldn't get a good angle on any of them.Cooooooold :-D Nice shot!This is beautiful, Michael.I always wonder why these bridges have a roof [wheater?] 
Great shot.Exactly, Danny.  The roof (cover) is intended to protect the surface from the elements, thus extending its life.  This one has been around since 1865.Oh that's nice.  It almost looks like selective color, with the sign, but it's just due to the muted colors of winter.wonderful scene!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called In Fine Style (Invite Only) - Contest Streetlights , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful covered bridge! Great image!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called RISING STAR ~~ Sweeper ~~ Comment 3 ~~ NO FLOWERS, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Wonderful treatment and really nice scene!Please share this wonderful picture
  with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)
  
  
  This invitation counts as an award as well!
  PLEASE POST HERE WITH 6+ AWARDSthe light and clarity here is just amazing -- really draws you into the image.Awesome light, Michael! Lovely scenery. 
I am sure it looks great in the spring as well ;-)
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful classic shot!Incredibly beautiful------that would be the picture and the old bridge!!
*****************************************************
After receiving 5 or more Rising Stars post
Your image in our showroom thread 5+awards
*****************************************************
After receiving 5 or more Rising Stars post
Your image in our showroom thread 5+awards

Gorgeous image!Beautiful photo. Love the color tonality.--


**********************
After receiving 5 or more Rising Stars post
Your image in our showroom thread 5+awards
i love it too :Doh wow, this is gorgeous! I love photos like this, it just worksgreat use of patterns and lighting :)i love this a bunchoooh, this is really beautiful. i love all the patterns and your pose, and the tones in thislove the outfit, the chair, and lighting, and everything&lt;3i think the uploaded is my favorite
its so interesting.. i love the way it looks like your sort of turning into the couchstunning.I really love the title, and the composition of this, you always find great places in (I am guessing) your house to shoot :) awesome joblove the colors so much! and great lighting ;-) well donethis is GREAT.I love this :) the two different prints against each other are awesomethanks you guys! :Dlove the pose
and the patterns
and the location
and lighting
alots!I love it, it has a vibe to it that grabs me. 
I know what you mean about explore though lol, I took a picture of an ugly bee and it's one of the few that stayed on.oooh :D
this shot is great, im so jealous of your hair. :(this is such a great photo! i love all the designs, and patternsI feel the exact same way about explore.
I love the position of your arm in the one you posted
the first in comments &lt;3your pose and the light and the focus are beautiful.
(and I agree with you about explore!)Good picture .I know how you feel, the same thing happens to me with explore and I still dont understand it. 

I love the tones in this though &lt;3I understand your frustration with what photos get Explored. I am so surprised with what images are popular and what images are not. It is sometimes impossible to predict!! Great shot here though. The soft lighting and the interesting pose make it great!!absolutely beautiful!amazing, the colors are so pretty!
i also love the lighting and your outifti love this, it's beautiful and your hair is gorgeous.i love the tones :Dthis is so prettyI like so much this shot, love freedomThis is so beautiful, I love how the color of her lips matches the flowersPretty!I love the colors. Pretty!this is beautiful! the flowers are perfect!the large on black is honestly breathtaking, i cant believe this shot, seriously so good. i want a print! gahhhhhthis is so lovely to me
i love it a lot.lovely shot!so simple but so great! 

This is seen in Wonderchild[http://www.flickr.com/photos/therhumbline/] i facebooked you :]I love the focus in this..so great!Excellent!Killer reflection, color, and light.  Gorgeous MM.Love that blue. Cool MM.YESSS!! another Nespresso-shot! and a great MM as well :-)very nice comp and reflection....I had no clue what it was until I read the tags...this is one of my favorite of your subjects!Fantastic colours and composition!

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)What a cool MM - great, Henrik!!!Cool MM (and great coffee!)Nice focussing, and I love the blue.
--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)What else? Happy MMHooray for coffee. Nice shot!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is a smashing shot - love the reflections and the texture on the carton!Una composizione delicatissima.very nice shot !Your Beautiful Photo Was Seen in 

Canon Digital Photographers (Nature &amp; Wildlife) absolutely stunning- awesome shotThis is gorgeous!soft and wonderful with beauiful bokeh.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great Bokeh. Excellent Shot.Great capture and crop !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )--


*This is a *Brilliant~Eye~Jewel!*
You are invited to add your picture to our pool!
*Please tag with BEJ*.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )very lovely!very nice, lovely shot!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called What´s your Bokeh and how much is your DoF ?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Very nice work, congratulations.
A photo very well composed..
..i really like details and lights.magical bokeh ensuring that the plant popped out...lovely soft lighting toning!!Wonderful Bokeh...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Well composed...!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called WILD CLICK!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!so beautiful

Naturalmente
Naturalmentethe dof &lt;3Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthbeautiful shot..
Have a great day!Prachtige plaat Angela............Beautiful view and lighting !The mist is amazing with the gorgeous light!beautiful mist on the vineyard!Gorgeous misty scenery - fantastic image !!Beautiful mist!!Fantastica!!What a really wonderful picture !~
Just Love the fog. When I was in Italy I saw a lot of it.

A Definite, &quot;Thumbs Up&quot; !`
Ottima composizione e bellissima profondità, Angela!Beautiful capture!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Amazing beauty AngelaHats off!Bellissimo scatto, splendida atmosfera!  Gio'Accidenti che posto meraviglioso, bellissimo scattofabulous colours in a lovely misty image !Oh how fabulous!!!!
----------------
Love this one!
You're invited to post this picture in  Everyday is SUNday!

(INVITED photos - COMMENT on 2) NEW RULES!
invited with SICI (2008-11-19)
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Great pespectivaS-T-U-P-E-N-D-A!!!!!!! Complimenti!A fantastic mood!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)fantastica questa nebbia!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called as beautiful as you want, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Angie,, love these low clouds!!

So well captured!.
Compliments, I like it; 

aPlease add this photo to
  &quot;as beautiful as you want&quot;  group 

GRTZ,BENI bet the wine made from this vineyard is even better than this stupendous view...excellent light and composition too...bellissima, Angela!

I have faved and tagged your picture with BRAVO and this serves as an invitation to The Best: BRAVO -- pending administrative review.mein gott wie schön.


You are my winner! 
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Please award at least 2 other photos.Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Bellisima Angela!! Muy buena luz y precioso ambiente.. la niebla sienta genial.
Vives en un lugar maravilloso :)

Un abrazoawesome shot...Bellissima questa nebbia che avvolge tutta la campagna !
 Your Absolutely Stunning 'Scape should be shared with our group. Please join us and comment on 1 other 'Scape. Invited Photos Only. Please tag your photo with &quot;AbsolutelyStunningScapes&quot;Fantastic!!just beautiful Angie!

Please add your photo   

Please tag your photo &quot;Vision Group&quot;A spectacular place and time! Your photo is in the Explore calendar at #62! Congratulations!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *The Realm of Quality*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!wow!
so cool.
lovely shot.Wonderful photography.....love this shot!
_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_WINNER
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157 616069774055/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/
You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/


Stunning !
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.awesome

Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/
You are my winner!
Really cool shot.. :)what an incredible scene &amp; atmosphere Angela......love that mist &amp; the light  ...a super capture....

(I added an explanation in my description that the camera was clamped to the ceiling attic door...)Amazing mist !Superb image and atmosphere with the mist.
----------------
Please, consider adding your photo to
Chapeau!
(Invited Only)

invited with SICI (2009-10-16)
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/So beautiful!  I'll be there this summer.  I can't wait.  Great photo.


Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/

Wonderful image.  I'm amazed how vivid the colors are above the fog!very nice.


Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/de toute beauté....What a GORGEOUS image... just beautiful with the foreground fence receding toward the foggy background!

--

Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/Angie,, love these low clouds!!

---

Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/
Commented with SIC 1.0Marvellous scene, the light is magnificent and the mist just makes it intriguing...
_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Real Magic (Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2) Contest : FoG ~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!una immagine fiabesca
Angela sei proprio Angela


Please add this great image to:


---------------&quot;Opportunità”---------------Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Chapeau! (invited only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Bella atmosfera

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)www.flickr.com/groups/outstandingimages/pool/

Very warm, in spite of the mist !_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_Fantastic foggy scene!

--
_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_
--
Seen in the group&quot;  _Øutstanding Images_&quot; ( ?² )Beautiful image!  Love the mood here.  Excellent work!

--
Seen in the group&quot;  _Øutstanding Images_&quot; (?)Wonderful shot! I really like the composition. I love its tones. I like the focus
Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/* Excellent *excellent shot..beautiful fog!!! nice!!

_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_Excellent capture! Love the light and mist/fog!

_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Magical places and trees, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Mmm . . . lovely mistiness
--
Seen on fiveprime.org ( ?² )wonderful light and atmosphere! love the fog!

_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_Wonderful photo.Extraordinary capture, well done !
 

Definitely a winner!!!
You deserve another one.
Found in www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

 Commented with SIC
I would appreciate your commentsnice shot!!!This photo exudes ethereal beauty and has a wonderful atmospheric vibe that is quite compelling! Very, very well done!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥lovely shot !!Congratulations, you're a Getty Images Contributor! This is an invitation to join Yahooo..Gettyyy! My image can be licensed!!  Please click &quot;Join This Group&quot; on the group page and post once a link to a own photo that can be licensed via the Getty Images Flickr collection.
(please remember: without a link to a personal license this photo on Getty Images button you are refused)

If you join please invite a few flickr friends who are Getty Images Contributor also. The invitation code can be found on the homepage of the group. Thanks!
Feel free to remove this invitationWonderful capture!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Fantastic work!!!
Seen in &quot;Øutstanding Images&quot;.YOU ARE A 10+ AWARD WINNER

Definitely a winner!!!
You are invited to add your photo to Best of My WinnersThe fog makes this special, well done!Bellissima l'atmosfera. Complimenti.

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥

--
Seen in the group&quot;L'amicizia fa la differenza - leggere le regole READ THE RULES&quot; (?)Very nice work, congratulations.
I really like the composition ..
Beautiful light and details!♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥l'atmosfera che si percepisce è magica!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥
--
Seen in the group&quot;L'amicizia fa la differenza - leggere le regole READ THE RULES&quot; ( ?² )Love the fog and colours, Angela, well done my friend!Di una bellezza disarmante !!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Complimenti
Questa è una foto CHALLENGE
Sei invitato a inserirla nel contest &quot;LA FOTO DELLA SETTIMANA&quot; del gruppo
CHALLENGE-SFIDE-CONCORSI

ATTENZIONE: non postarla nel POOL ma nel topic del concorso

Vieni a conoscerlo


What a wonderful image!

--♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Stunning and mystical at the same timeWowwwww
Great shot!!!
♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Fabulous image.spettacolare 
ottimo lavoro

ITALIANS

ITALIANSThis is so beautiful Angie! The fog is magical and mysterious!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called World's Best Dazzling Shots.(Invited only, post 1/comment 3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Un capolavoro!
----------------
No doubt this is a Worlds Best Dazzling shot! We'd love to include it in our
collection! So here's your official invitation!

World's Best Dazzling Shots please add tag &quot;WORLDBEST&quot;
invited with SICI (2008-06-29)Your image is special , you are receiving a
special invitation from the Moderator's board of
The Golden Gallery (invited only) group 
 
The Golden Gallery (Invited only)
We would be honoured to have you as a member of our groupI like the landscape in this great shot.Bellissima atmosfera

ITALIANS

ITALIANSbeautiful
ITALIANS
Great shot....the fog and the colours are brilliantWonderful mists and sun.
Beautifuly photographed.
--
Seen on your photo stream following your visit. (?)Great overall image!
_Øutstanding Images_ 
&quot;Seen in the Group&quot; _Øutstanding Images_awesome capture with natural mist on the backBeautiful!Oh this is SO gorgeous! Love how the fog as enveloped the farm!
When will the wine be ready? Lol!
----------------
This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Awards 2 Fave 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot;  
invited with SICI (2010-01-16)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Game :  Bronze Level ( by Invitation // P. 1 ~ A. 2 ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

marvellous POV with this fog 
a beautiful vision like it
--
Your photo is invited ...
Welcome To The Game !!!!


The Game : Bronze Level
Post 1 &amp; Award 2 ....
Collect 5 Comment Awards to receive your invitation for the next level .... The Silver !!!!awesome image...bravo on Explore!
--
Amazing Capture !!!! You are invited to make another spectacular Splash !!
http://red.trailr.info/red2.php?tlrv=10190200&amp;tlrurl=http://www.flickr.com/groups/1100526@N21 ( ?² )lovely foggy image, love the colours and compo
--
Admin invite only.

You are invited to join
&quot; (point of view)comment on 1 sweeper active&quot;

PLEASE FOLLOW GROUP RULES.
Members only can post to the pool
collect 5 awards to enter the excellence thread and receive the award!

--

Seen in The Best: BRAVO

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Best:  BRAVO (INVITED images only)&quot; ( ?² )stupenda!

grazie del fav

ITALIANS

ITALIANSItalians

ItaliansMagnifica!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥che bella !!!

con queste due tonalità così contrapposte. brava !!

♫♪♫ ♥♥ L'amicizia fa la differenza the original group ♫♪♫ ♥♥Uno scatto fantastico, complimenti!

ITALIANS

ITALIANSWOW!!!!!!!!!!!! Straight in my favorite photos!:Dmolto bella foto e colori,ciao
ITALIANS

ITALIANSI love this shot, Angie, it's really beautifulYOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersYOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersQuanta nebbia quest'anno!oh my goodness, this is gorgeous
A Big Fave
You are invited to add this image to www.flickr.com/groups/bigfave
Please tag this photo with ABigFave when you add it to the pool.belíssima foto...
fantastic capture...Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthHi, I'm an admin for a group called MuLTi MeGa SQuaRe, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

great atmosphere, cara

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Splendido l'accostamento fra la nitidezza, i colori e il pattern regolare in primo piano, e il paesaggio seminascosto dalla morbida coltre di nebbia, quasi in biano e nero, dello sfondo. Bell proprio.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ITALIANS

Superba!!!!!YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersThis is ART! 

Please add in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)
. . . and Tag the photo with ArtofImages
Reach 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves to enter 
The Best Portraits  or The Best Captures 
 
***NEW CONTEST OPEN***YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersGOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)
You are invited to add this exceptional image to
GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed)


please add the tag GoldStarAward*****I invite your wonderful photo to*****
 
 NATURE'S PRIME
 (POST 1 AWARD 4)
 Don't forget to check out award requirements for the two step-up groups to Nature's Prime.This is truly a photograph of
 Nature's Pot-of-Gold! 
 
 You are invited to post it to Nature's Pot-of-Gold!
  Please tag your photo &quot; Pot-of-Gold &quot;Lovely!  I did add it to my gallery; please let me know if this is not pleasing to you.

YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersHi, I'm an admin for a group called Vallas, Cercas, Muros, Fronteras., and we'd love to have this added to the group!

--
Visto en tu galer&iacute;a. YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My WinnersBriliiant composition, love that mist. Nice use of that fence as a lead!

--
Seen in the group&quot;  _Øutstanding Images_&quot; (?)love the fog!!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Bonita toma.
Saludos.

YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My Winners

Natural world as it exist
NATURE PHOTOS ONLY
(POST2 AWARD 5)


SO WONDERFUL AND MAGIC DEAR ANGELA!!!! CIAO DA BOLOGNA!!!!YOU ARE A 10+ WINNER

Definitely a Winner!!!
Seen in Best of My Winnerssuperb high key shotoooh this light in beautiful, i love the softness!wow, the light is amazing. 
awesome work :)the title works soo well with the picture. loove the light :)Oh my, 
the title is wonderful and so matches the picture, i adore the tones :)this is stunning!woow
your eyes is just.. woow!wow, this is so beautiful. it's so soft. nice jobvery nice!Wow, the lighting here is stunning.
Great capture.woah, your eyes! &lt;3perfeita.exposure
 lbaa Modllee lovee youu wajedd 
 Fedatch walla Nothingg to sayy jusst 
 Lovee you My BF Faav&lt;3 !:O 
Ya lba 8lb elmodel &lt;33 , ilove youh fajer :*ya lba elmodle &lt;33 ,, احببببببج :$nice &lt;3




*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥Loveyou (L)&lt;33ed El.Cannon 
&amp; &lt;33 Youh3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le coin des photogaphes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Thanxx all ;**A3sh8 El-First &lt;33RHA : LooveYouMooreSweeta (L)'Shoshness : اعشقققققققج :$(L)Hottie Njooda : Love you more ;**Tota : LoveYouToo &lt;3&lt;3Adoourch yal3nz :$
Miss youh ;(Thank's Fajer.AmazinG Shot  ;) Lbaa el,Model &lt;&quot;3___________$$$$$$$_______$$$$__________ ___________$$$$$$$$______$$$$__________ ___________$$$$_$$$$_____$$$$__________
___________$$$$__$$$$____$$$$__________
___________$$$$___$$$$___$$$$__________
___________$$$$____$$$$__$$$$__________
___________$$$$_____$$$$_$$$$__________
___________$$$$______$$$$$$$$__________
___________$$$$_______$$$$$$$__________
_______________________________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$__________________ ________________$$$$$_________________ 
______________________________________ 
______________$$$$$$$$$________________ ____________$$$$$$$$$$$$$______________ ___________$$$$$______$$$$_____________ ___________$$$$________$$$_____________ ___________$$$$________________________ ___________$$$$________________________ ___________$$$$________$$$_____________ ___________$$$$$______$$$$_____________ ____________$$$$$$$$$$$$$______________ ______________$$$$$$$$$________________ _______________________________________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$____________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$____________ __________$$$$$$$______________________ __________$$$$$$$______________________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$________________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$________________ __________$$$$$$$______________________ __________$$$$$$$______________________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$____________ __________$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$____________Laba elmodle ;**Lbba al-model bss (L)welldone sweet heart &lt;33well done ;* sure fav &lt;3Thanxx all &lt;33Nak : Adoure You More ;**Anglina : Lbaa Bss (LL)Foofness : Ya lba Your Heart :**[ M&amp;A ] : Lbaa bss your heart (L) !
 Sigggnnnn bsr333aaa ='(
 Miss youOkii :P:P ,, 
Miss'n You Moore &lt;33Miss you :(&lt;/3Miss You Moore &lt;/3 !Nice. The white background gives it a dreamlike quality.so beautiful. your expression is perfect and love the shape of your handSensuelleLovely, the high key background sets you and the flowers off beautifully, otherworldly.complimenti veramente fantastiche le tue foto.....Excellent shot! It has a very professional look to it.I saw your other similar shot on the front page of Explore, but quite honestly, I like this outtake better.  The gracefulness of your hand really adds to the delicacy of the overall shot.  Nicely executed!This is incredible...seriouslyOh my gosh. this is perfect! (:* Excellent *lovelyI prefer this image. It has a wonderful dream-like quality. Beautiful.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 美和藝術  Beauty and Art, and we'd love to have this added to the group!simply gorgeous!!beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )1st

صالح

أهنيييييك وبقوة،  تباررك الرحمن
التكوين، العزل، الإضاءة
خيااااااااال

والحدة شي ثاني--
Discovered! by

--
Seen in the group&quot;Discovery Photos: Post 1, Vote for 3&quot; ( ?² )ابداااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااااا
ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع ع  لايوقف
لايوقف لايوقف
كومنت  مي بليز هههههههههههههههههههههههههخيااال يبو نمر روعه

اليمة ياصالح..

تسلم يديك ياشيخ..

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )لقطة مميزة ومعبرة أيضا ...
أتمنى لك حياة سعيدة وعامرة بالخير والبركة يا أبو صلوح ..
أجمل تحية لك .. : )اليمه يابو نمر
التكوين والتونات والحده ماشاء الله مبدع ياوحشابو نمر 

شفت شغلك ب70 -200

غررررررررررررررد ياعم
وربي مبدع
بس بالله سوي احيه ههههههههههههههههههههههه
Seen in E L I T E S Group

مجموعة ايليتس للتصوير الفوتوغرافيبصراحة يالغالي

التون البارد .. زادها جمالاً

ماشاء الله عليك

ربي يوفقكHi, I'm an admin for a group called أفُـق - [ شـاركنـا , and we'd love to have this added to the group!



رهيبة جداً 
يسعدنا أن تشاركنا في أفقهنا الشغل

هنا الإبداع

لبا قلبك والدووووووف

والتكويييين

هنا تكمن إبداعات أبو نمرCool shot!  I like the narrow dof.Good band shot. Liking the colors.Nice!Awesome.nice colors... nice shot!!!!wow! Love this shot. The framing and the DoF....so damn sweet!This screams album cover....great lights....good job!!Great pic!Very beautiful shot..So awesome!!  Love the LA tattoo!great guitar detail and moment captured!great shot!! love the composition and the colors!Love the composition, you made the lighting really work.great lighting and DOP...well done!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awesome pov
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Ora muito bem... Aqui está um registo para a história!
Parabéns!Estava á espera!!! bem fixe!!!já so faltam 4 ou 5 aves para estar tudo malhado aqui na Celtibéria...GOEF sofre mas atira a contar!!!Parabéns pelo registo.Grande foto.Eh lááá!!!!! Muitos parabéns pelo registo! 5*****!Sempre a inovar!!! Um grande registo. Já estou a ver o PN a ser invadido por fotógrafos, dos 4 cantos do rectângulo, à procura dessa raridade.
Parabéns pela foto!!!Grande registo! Muito mais raramente chegam cá abaixo e só os vi uma vez aqui em Sintra em Dezembro de 1998, mas sem foto :-P.É o que se pode chamar de &quot;Grande Malha&quot; com toda a propriedade. Parabéns.Granda malhúzia!!! Muitos parabéns pelo registo!!!Fantástico!!! Parabéns meu amigo. Uma malha mais que merecida por essa extraordinária dedicação!Uma verdadeira malha!! Mais uma para a lista! Parabéns!
'Só' faltam as outras 5 espécies.... :)))Grande registo. ParabensOih,oih,oih...!!!!
 Parabéns!!!
 Vivó!!!
 Grande apanha!!
 Isso é que é grande fruto de muito trabalho!!

Vista em Coisas de Portugal - Loisas do Mundo

 Parabens e... tome um chá connoscoLindo mesmo, parabéns!
Fiquei curiosa...oque são comentários impessoais?
Bj@ Terra Vermelha:

Fez bem em perguntar, Audrey. Chamo de &quot;comentários impessoais&quot; ao resultado puro e simples do copy-paste dos comentários e convites dos grupos.

Se eu quisesse medalhas tinha ido para militar :-)))

Beijo para você também.Pois. Além do frio, da tanga que nos deram, das horas que nos levantamos também temos de jejuar??!! :) Dasseeee Desisto já :)heheheh...sempre a bombar...Ah!
Entendi!
Boa semana.excelente, parabéns!!Parabéns, grande captura. Já compensou tudo.Espero que a salada do Tomás tenha valido a pena! Grande captura, Armando!!!Excelente captura Armando.os arautos da natureza não dispensam nada uma boa linguagem predatória. condiz. (e isto é só uma nota de observação, como quem &quot;captura&quot; linguagem de fotógrafos de natureza, não &quot;malhem&quot; em mim, pliiiisi) - estava com saudades, admito!@ secánevasse:

 Eh, eh!

&quot;Malha&quot;, &quot;malhúzia&quot; e &quot;malhoiço&quot; são sinónimos de uma fotografia de Natureza que se destaca por alguma razão, normalmente pela raridade da espécie fotografada.

Mas não te preocupes que só &quot;malhamos&quot; nos bichinhos .-)))Dasss o que eles fazem pegam num Cartaxo entortam o bico e agora dizem que é um cruza bico assim também eu.

O menino tinha que estar a comer a saladinhaTanto barulho por um passaroco que, ainda por cima, tem o bico retorcido!... 
Claro que pousam no alto dos pinheiros: perto das pinhas e longe dos fotógrafos! :-))
Brincadeiras à parte, parabéns pelo achado e respectivo registo!Excelente capturaQue achado magnífico e quadro magnífico! Trabalho excelente o meu amigoMuito Bom!! Parabéns!!!!Olha o gajo, muito bem, este dá trabalho...Parabéns por este excelente registo Armando!ena ena, grande achado! folgo ver q o esforço foi recompensado. Deve ser a 1a vez q a maior parte de nós vê um cruza-bico em Portugal. :-)boa! bela malha, frito deve saber a pinhão!Lindo e linda foto.


(Obrigada e bjs)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Creative Moments in Our Time  ☼ Admin Invited Only (Award 2), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ★Favorite Pictures★(P.1♥A.5) [INVITED ONLY], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Tanto procurou que conseguiu. Imponente o bicho. Belo.É sempre uma boa malha.Parabéns.
Grande &quot;malha&quot;.Sempre á frente!!! Malhuzia...parabens!!!A beautiful shot of a beautiful bird.  Excellent.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Muito bem Sr. Armando, grande malhão e excelente contributo para a listagem do Aves em Portugal...* Excellent *boa parabens. grande malha!lovly , does he usually go so up in the top of the tree ? 

how did you noticed it?Estupenda!Um bico para a lua e outro para o infinito???
Não admira que seja esquiBo, com um bicanco daqueles.

Já tinha ouBido falar em diBersas maneiras de atrair a passarada, mas a saladinha de milho é uma noBidade absoluta.Excellent Armando.  We have these birds in our pine and spruce forests too - haven't seen one yet.Espectacular!!! Muitos parabénsOra aí está uma ave totalmaente desconhecida.Aprendo todos os dias.parabéns e boa pesquisa.Fabuloso registo que vai pasar a historia, parabensE é um lindo animal!

Parabéns!Beautiful Red Crossbill! Great shot.Assim todos os sacrifícios compensam!!! :-))
Parabéns pela captura!!!
A foto está bem bonita!!!Parabéns, avistei um mas nunca mais o apanhei naquele local.Beautiful shot. Congrats on Explore.Parabéns!!! A razão de eu o aBistar aqui!!!E é lindo, uma cor!!!!.....Mesmo de bico torcido gosto dele!Congratulations , what a great capture.Uau, grande registo!!! Esta é que nunca vi mesmo!!lovely Sunday morning~
you do this well Caroline~

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Love the softness ...Gorgeous!!!!Beautiful light softness, everything looks so smooth.what a lovely portrait, well done!great light here!Beautiful! I love the softness...so dreamy :*).So atmospheric!
Very nice light and smoothness. I realy like thislovely.... really soft and dreamy love this!Wow such a serene portrait. Gorgeous!Beautiful softness to this shot.So soft and dreamy, Caroline...you do the most beautiful SPs!this is really nicely done... love your lighting and treatment, it gives this such a peaceful feeling... 

Seen on Fluidri like the white tone, well done!!beautiful
&quot;Soft, Dreamy and Ethereal&quot;beautiful.... alwaysthis is beautiful!!! that is precisely why I started doing selfies too--i heard it was the best way to learn to work with the light and learn your own camera. i'd say you are doing a great job!Thanks everyone for the kind comments!  xoxogreat sp :)
you have some wonderful soft arm
pits haha
i'm thinking i should send a photo your way so you can make it soft and dreamy.So delicate and feminine...love your lighting, effortless smile and the warmth your SPs exude.Ooh...hello sexy! lol Great soft tones and dreaminess...you are turning into a selfie goddessBeautiful.k, keep them coming...I am enjoying your SP. :)

Gorgeous and glorious morning. xoxo  Hi kids! x)Great dreamy morning shot!  
Looking forward to the end of the week.  Weather may cooperate?  I saw 60 and only partly cloudy...You look gorgeous! And this is a beautiful image!beautiful!another sleepless Saturday night you've provided! in anticipation of your Sunday morn posts. a series? mmmmmm ... better brew more java...=)Back to say: Yay! Congrats on Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Found in Lightness of beingHi, I'm an admin for a group called Opportunità (P1-C3), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Be still by beating heart....
Once again you prove that time can be made to stand still. Why does it seem that all sound is lost apart from the sound of your breathing. 

Great tones, lighting and very powerful eyes once again. Great work, CarolineJoe buenísima, que bien has captado los colores del arco iris, una imagen visualmente muy atractiva.

Saludos He visto esta bonita captura en:
This wonderful picture has been seen in: 
&quot;ASTUIMAGEN&quot;

Un segmento iris muy simpático. la composición me llama mucho la atención.Una toma excelente
FelicitacionesBuenísima, que pedazo de foto has hecho
a ver si hacemos alguna quedada prontoSuavidad y color intenso, ¡enhorabuena!Estupenda imagen, muy bien captada!
Un saludo.Impresionante. 
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE

---------------------------Sensacional momento. Me gusta mucho. Unos tonos muy agradables.jopelas, yo tb me sorprendo con esta captura, impresionante la profundidad y ese arco iris con unas tonalidades preciosas.Diego, me encanta. Que lástima que las nubes estén movidas como es lógico. Enhorabuena amigo.Preciosa la toma, y no sólo ya por ese arcoiris, sino que el agua abajo con la roca es una pasada.Fantastic!I like the landscape in this great shot.Buen procesado, buen color, buena luz
asi se fae!!awesome rainbow catchStunning image!Soberbio el fotón amigo.

--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Que pasada!What a lovely shot!a free piano .. lucky you .. :) 
very nicely placed perspective and clever focus and depth of field .... .
This one indeed speaks a thousand words ..This is lovely!!Gorgeous!!!Gorgeous and elegant.Perfect focus!! Well done.love this!!beautiful photo.... congrats on being chosen by pw!Hot shot! Love the bokeh.Great colors! .....love the BokehShoes - my favourite thing and in my favourite colour...  I would say that shoes ARE a girl's best friend..  ;-) Gorgeous shot!Loving the bokeh!Nice shot, great foreground lighting and background bokeh!Very stylish and cute!!Yes it is. :)  Great photo.Great shot! Love the lighting and the cool bokeh.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I just bought new shoes yesterday. This makes me feel the need to go shopping again.Beautiful shoe and lighting.  I love that blue light right by the heel.  :)bokehletto :)awesome!!! very well seen and executed!!This is like candy!amazing! hahFantastic!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love this!Fantastic bokeh.!!!!!! OMG hilarious!!!!!
SUCH A GREAT SHOT I AM LAUGHING SO MUCH MICHELLE!!!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!
the slicked back hair and that expression~brilliant.
xxx
fave of the day!!!!!!  :Dvery coolack, so cute!!  Some day he'll think it's cute lol!  I happen to think it's totally adorable!yes he is A BOY!!!!!!!!!  (MAN)  ;)cool!dr spock? or a mad scientist perhapsHehe, that's hilarious! He looks like a little business man here!
But don't cut his hair! His curls are way too adorable.. :]awesomewhat a face!  too cute.utterly brilliant portrait. Favedzed is too cute for wordsthe CUTEST ever XD &lt;3:-))
I'd say banker.
No, wait: nerd! :-)

I'd *love* to see the result of his taking revenge on you!OMG.  Amazing.  This needs to be a card like RIGHT NOW.So funny - love it :) !LOL...This is the funniest thing I have seen in years...LOVE this funny.this is a really beautifully lit black and white, love that crop, very dramatic. And cute of course!!so cute!oh..............love this! hehe.A brilliant portait - he exudes so much personality and spunk !!
so so cute !!omggggg brilliantThis is great!Lol, too cute!HA!!  hahaha..
very VERY funny!Adorablerofl awesomelol. this shot is awesome, love her face expressiontoo cute, funny, adorable, perfectEee hee hee!!!  Gah he's soooo cute!instant.How good is this shot.  Love the glasses and the beautifully combed hair.  It should be on a poster advertising something.LOL!! I just took a shot of my little angel with my glasses on yesterday that I posted this morning ... so sweet!! Your little man doesn't look as happy with the idea though! Adorable mad face he has!lol!! this is HILARIOUS! i LOVE it!! :) he's absolutely precious &amp; i love his expression! :)Oh my goodness... Just when I thought Master Zed could not get any more scrumptious... This is soooo hilarious and beautiful!  LOVE!just classic. what a cutie!love it!!your pics are the best!:D
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Could this kid get any cuter? I really hope you guys aren't thinking of cutting off those beautiful locks! Great portrait.adorable!this is classichaha this is ADORABLE! I love this!Too stinkin cute!fantastic!omg...this is hilarious....he is such the perfect muse...i don't think he puts up with it, i think he thoroughly enjoys it....xx

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)very cutebeautifulOMGoodness! hes such a little character! i think he will probably be famous one day!:) nice face and great shot 
i love it :)Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=1183276...I see his point! lol. Very funny capture.OMG that poor child...... rofl haha too cute ...Nice capture!! Congratulations on FP: 
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22634

As usual your other front page photos are here.This is one of those images that would make you smile every day-should be made into a greetings card :-)wonderful.What a guy! Love him and the shot! Congrats!Funny indeed, you just had me laughing out loud at work :) He's gorgeous as usual though!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Absolute Photography, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

charmer...unique portrait.No, it definitely IS funny.Absolutely adorable! What a character he must be!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Portrait of the World , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Funniest little dude on the planet !!Very very cool!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FaceScape, and we'd love to have this added to the group!♥ ♥ ♥love this portrait, a great shot for his 21st b'dayHahaha, funny.Fabulous !! Adorable :Dadorable shot!! ;)


---- BlAck &amp; WhItE pHoToS----zapraszam
1st class picturehehe, good!!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)cute !!I love this!!!!!How cute!!!cuteeeee ♥Excellent portrait !Absolutely great kid !Hahahaha!!!! The coolest kid on Flickr. Love this so much!!I knew this photo gonna be on front page! haha 
zed is so beautiful and amazing boy, all his portraits are so excellent!
stunning photo as always!Its Clark Kent ! ( a.k.a. Superman!!! )

Fabulous portrait soooo funny :-)lovely :)LOOOL!!!  Looks like 3amir and I had a baby loooool so adorable and cute and funny and I love it soooooo much!  masha'AllahLOL...so so cute!!!wonderful
Seen in: 
Life is ... The Way I See It ...This is just so brilliant.  His great expression with the glasses and his slick hair plus the b&amp;w...perfection!!Oh god this is priceless! He is going to love seeing this when he grows up!haha too cuteSuperb shot, you are so great at capturing his beauty. Makes me all mushy.hahahahaha so good !! Priceless :))I have a big smile on my face. so darn CUTE!Wow! Little Clark Kent ;)This is brilliant!!! Love it.

Seen on FluidrI can never get enough of him Misty.
hugs.So Cool!Too good!hahaha, priceless!!super picture, what a character!Very cute - love the props....So cute and precious. LOVE his expression and his lips...Gorgeous conversion.  Totally love the slicked back hair. :D!!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)awwww, fabulous!

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)this cracks me up!!!!!I just snorted Ribena up my nose.  LOL
This is totally classic - he'll either love or hate you for it one day.totally adorable &amp; I think it's funny too ; )very kewlawwww total cuteness ::))tehe :Dhehe great capture, great picture!!!so sweetly grumpy!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Black &amp; White Portraiture, and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfect!Priceless, love the pouty mouth!!!  I'm sure he'll get a kick out of it when he's older!  Love your work, so real.priceless!!  Can't stop giggling!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called d a y_d r e a m e r s (admin invite only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

this is knockout!this is so stinkin cute!!! hahahaha attitude! he's certainly 2 huh?oh, yeah, that's great!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Dartmoor Lovers, and we'd love to have this added to the group!génialI like the flare as well, nice composition as always.Cracking Mike, great composition and light in the foreground.I think this is just beautiful! The flare really adds to the shot!Well I like it Mike, great depth and I feel the warmth emanating from the sun.
Nice one.

DaveExcellent, the flare adds to the effect ! 
Seen in West Country Clickers

From West Country ClickersYep, i like the flare too...and the light itself falling on the ground between the shadows is great. Superb image, superbly processed.It's beautiful :-)amazing shot 

love the light ..the way the light comes in your face 

beautifulsos hermosa, nena!! sisisis y la foto me encantoTerrific shotbeautiful! I can not wait to hear your reasons behind this as it usually makes the pic that more magical!que hermoso contraluz ...i love lighting like thiswonderful wonderful wonderfullove the contrast!i like this one a lot...
Seen in Feminine 
delicious. so warm and intense.very cool!!! best compliment!great lighting.
beautiful profileAw, thank you so much, everyone!!
I appreciate you all so much :)

One day, I will tell the small story behind this. Hopefully that day I will be reflecting on how right I was, haha.

I am extremely flattered :)I love the light and composition on that one, and your expression goes well with the mood. faved :)you.are.so.gorgeous.
definitely a flickr hero of mine. since the beginning of my flickr career.Sick.=D! SSLYBY has been one of my favs since I first heard them..sometime last year. I'm jealous!They are so good live! So solid, every note is perfect. I'm just super lucky because they haven't gotten big heads about being awesome musicians and still play a lot of small shows.&lt;3 c;love th jump and the light... great work... might have preferred you off centre?

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I love the place where you're at &amp; the tones as always, incredible.go see The Bootheel; maybe they'll be on your top five list :-)  as a matter a fact I think they are playing with SSLYBY Thursdaythis is perfect. the tones are sick and i love how you captured the motion! :]Dang. I wanted to go to the SSLYBY concert!Dang, people who knew about this show are coming out of the woodwork with this picture!love the tones. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Way cool MM.  Love the light, color and use of negative space.Ditto what Fiargo said, and great take on theme too!très original j'aimestunning series this weekthis is unusual and very well executed...neat idea too...fun macro monday, awesome colors!Love the light.Fanatstic lighting. Great MMgreat shot! love the almost silhouette!oooOOOo...nice idea, and the lighting is perfect! kudos :)Hehe Canalisation? Happy MMgreat great light ... nice MMWow... Awesome prospective and lighting.  Nice MM!Thank-you all for your comments and Faves!

This week's contributions brought to you by:

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/gatineaujoe/4342100985/sizes/s/]The best in the MM group this week!Wow!  Thank-you loopo boy!Fab image! Congrats on Explore.Fab indeed!  Kudos!Great shotNice shot, looks good in black and white.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Muy buena!nice black and white. seems to be a nice place after all this snow :)Nice work. What a cool looking scene!gorgeous textures!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)NiceAwesome man!very beautiful!great shotI love the feel of this shot...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Canon Camera, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ooooh, this is beautiful!Cold - brrrrr! Oh, and I just bought my daughter a brand new Canon - Geeeeze!  Expensive!this is beautiful! great use of black and white.Very graphic. This is a great black and white.Path reminds me of Inniswood Gardens..but I don't think they allow dogs do they?
This is a wonderful shot, I like the starkness of the trees and path against the snow. :)cool shot.Hermoso Lugar! parece una escena de pelicula.beautiful photonice shotBeautiful winter scene!It's beatiful ♥Nice shot.


:))Great lines in that bike path. Looks too damn cold to be out shooting anything though. LOL. I'd have to shoot that fom my window.So beautiful!beautiflu shot.This is stunning  :)good work. bravolovely textures!this is an amazing b&amp;w... i love the detaila nd the texture as well as all the lines... i cant stop looking at it!!beautiful winter shot!Fantastic winter shot. Love the contrast.Very nice... a wonderful capture !!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called AreKev's `Photo Book, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Incredible lead and draw - incredible compositionpowerful!!! I love it!freaking  amazing pic!!! Love it!!!!awesome shot! love the colors :)Great pictureStunning wintershot.Great shot!Fantastica¡i love this!I like the cold atmosphere and the soft tones in this great winter shot.Awesome work!
I love the path and the branches around it!beautiful shotbrilliant.. great angular lines into the treesbeautyi like the contrastAn invitation to walk on snow. Well seen.Great contrast Jon.  Good work.Stunning shot!superrrWOW! Beautiful mood and treatment here :o) Lovely! :o)lovelyThanks for stopping by and visiting my photostream. 

This is a really cool shot. I like all your photos! Keep up the good work.Nice Capture -Very nice B/W picture!!!impresionante !Cool!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is electric. Excellentone of the best yet, unreal man, that green is like BOOOOOOOOM.Fantastic.great spot find!

looks amazing, and cold.Spot on Mr P.good shot !!dude you are a mad geniussweet!, is the second guy doing a Captain Morgan pose!Stunnah!Love it...nice green people and light enhanced grafitti.nice man good shoot you geting the men to a t spot onGreat shot! Love the green!Soooo Cool!sweet!Great shot, love the green men, congrats on making exploreAlways in pairs!  Nice one Janne!i love your light painting!!very cool spot!Awesome image!dope!Looks like you discovered a new gang of lightmen.Great Location, and brilliant work again.this is way too cool. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² ):O.... i can understand what i've missed

--
Seen in the group&quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)beautiful!wonderful....Superb shot!
Love how the tree stands alone in the foreground and how the people make a beautiful pattern. Excellent color combination of course with the foreground and background complementing and contrasting each other beautifully at the same time. Great focus, great timing, great shot!Superbw000000000000000 nnnnnnnnnnnnnn dddddddeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrffffuuuLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL

o GURU tmr holo ki suru??

i just loved it ................oshadaron
----------
can't check ur photostream due to the exam.sorry.Great !!!!!!!!!!beautiful blend of colors! love the compoBeautiful shot, Kamrul.
I was also at Tangua to see the fishing and the birds ( at IUCN Base camp, Hatir Gata from February 4 to 6 ). It would have been nice to see you there also !am back after a break
great colors 
awesome clarity and compositionnice color, nice compo
very smooth ... ....oshadaron...man...i love your this kinda work....

mela din por emon kaj dekhlam....khub e valo laglo :)Great shot.... :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)JIboner chobi.... khub valo laglo...Classical lightingoh boy... kamrul bhai - amazing shot!!!beautiful shot!Iha Kiha... Matha Nosto.. Color Frame &amp; mood is great.nice capture !!Such a lovely Capture :)akta shot e enough shara din er jonno !!!!!!!
chokher trishna mite gese apatoto ajker jonno...
[............... logging out !!!!! ]as was expecting from you....Perfect color, Perfect composition!Absolutely fantastic job! Really great capture.Very nice shot.

You are invited to add your photo to:
 Whimsies, Flares and Echoes
Please tag your photo with &quot;echo&quot;.wad a shooooot !!!!!!!!!!!!gr8 capture....It's beautiful!love it!  especially thr round quilting!Your roundabout looks awesome! Beautiful fabrics.Gorgeous!  I *love* it!Really lovely!LOVE it Amber!Fantastic Amber! Vibrant and fun xSo so beautiful!
Now I want to try round things.Beautiful and your quilting is gorgeous too!I love it!Awesome job:)Great Job I love your quilting.The quilting here just MAKES the piece. So much fun!WOW!! this is amazing!i love it!!!This is beautiful!:$&lt;33
so sweet
loved the focusThank you ;p

7taa anaa a7bbbch :Pso nice
    
بدالك الف وتعرفني!!          

e7m .. Thanx :p
Lovely pic   &lt;3 
La La ana chii ast7yy :$ ,, walla ana a3shgiich ya tw2m roo7y -__-&quot; ,, allla ya5thch w ywdech el jna :$ a7biich amooot feech a3shgiiich ahwach admntch &lt;~ bs 5l9ww hhh ;p ,, jojo ya 7mara chii ana ad5ll fe '3ybooba :$ 9jj 9jj t7benyy :$ waiit 5l astw3b :$ :$ ,, 7marty i miss u :$ ,, Jojo jojo ya Jojo ana a7biich :$ ya '3byoon al jmeloon ,, a3shgiich ya a7lla Jojo 5l8ha rbby :$ &lt;3
Fav l3yoniich ,, oo biig kiss 7giich enty w bs :P 
 M Alhajrii  ; 6yyriii zaiin -___-&quot; عجيبــه الصورهعجيبتين 

فيفgreat focusing ;)

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرG.reat =)lesh ya3ne chi ma legate Ellah Gzgz il felah ile  m5ha tnak  Wesho  ; Zip it -,- !!@@waayed 7ilwa il.shot.♥
 Wesho  ; btkf5eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen :@ :@ ya 3nnnz btshofiin walla bkf5ch ya fela :@Gzgz :malt 3lech  yal dram7lw the focus :p&lt;333яǒÖǒ3ǻ..~ •º

ďØoм fə alβďά3..~ •º

tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα ..~ •º

keep it foog ya thoo8..~ •º

Amazing..~ •º

it’s much..~ •º

aBda333..~ •º

I love it..~ •º

Very cool..~ •º
blazZ comment me
 Wesho  ; agoool chuup yal 3laaFdait GzGz wallah Oo Fdait you :**
hahay 7ellwaaaa .. =P

perfeCt ..

Great takeeen ..

Amaz!ng wallah ..

n!Ce p!C ..

keeeeeep Go!ng ..il.focus yhbl ;$Well done ..
 Ms Noony  ; Tfdaach Gzgz bkkl ma feha :$&lt;3&lt;3 7lwa ;pfav&lt;3
Love youh (umwaa7'z)*

♥ 

Raw3aa Elpic

Yslmoo


PlzZ (( Comment Me + Note ))
www.flickr.com/photos/45619922@N04/4334640696/Faav XD niec pic 
keep it up XD
comment me plz ;-Dهل انت صادق ؟
:P &lt;&lt;&lt; كتاب عربي 
amazing shot wallaYou just watch….
Heaven...
OMG!! This is just the best, love these photos!!the cutest little thief ever, nice pictures.NO CUTE !!  I love the expression on his face - great series
--
Seen in the group&quot;N A T U R E [no limits]&quot;


Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   !! FlickrGreen!!  Join Us!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


LOL - SORRY !    I meant SOOOO cute !!Super funny, what a cute little thief!
This make me smile.

Gezien in Flickr VrouwenWow, wat een geweldige serie!!! Wat ontzettend schattig!!Geweldige serie!Awsome shot, realy great series of squirrel fotos.Nice series. Marvelous shot!Great captures!  Seen in the group Mothers and Photographers.Incredible series of shots!Someone has been caught red handed!  These photos are really great!* Excellent *Great photos!  I love that title - it describes squirrels the world over!
Seen in ExploreOh cute !LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE THESE SHOTS!!!! :) Great work!Lovely picturesawesome image...bravo on Explore!
--

 
~I SNIFFED out this wonderful image!
You deserve this nose worthy award!
Please ADD your Impressively beautiful photo to~
Impressed by your Beauty! (Invite Only) 
Please tag your photos ImpressedBeauty 
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Wow..This photo is the beautiful:)


SPLENDID PHOTO... YOUR PHOTO IS THE BEST IN by The Admin considered. 

INSPIRE... Invite ONLY... 
You are INVITED to display this wonderful photo 
in the INSPIRE Pool

Have a nice day and be happy:)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNEcQS4tXgQ&amp;feature=rec-LGOUT...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Neighborhood Ecologist, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Funny series!

Ciao,
AndyFantastic series!!! Very very very very nice!!!

Simo!Lone tree shots are really magical,right?
Great texture!stark simplicity~beautifully seen~
have a great day kim~
go Saints~

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Just gorgeous Kim.beautiful and love the texturing!Cette photo a été vue et appréciée sur:
This photo was seen and appreciated on :
~~Regards de Femmes~~ 

Post 1, Award 3I love the starkness, and the cool bend of the tree. Happy Sunday!!Lovely shot, and nice texturing!

I saw this in:
*Everything is Beautiful*great winter composition and nice texture!Beautiful simplicity!The lone tree is so lovely.  the textures were used so skillfully to enhance the mood.It looks c-c-c-cold!! Fabulous winter image, Kim, love the simplicity of the tree with the surrounding starkness. Beautiful work!Perfect in it's simplicity and beauty! I absolutley love this. I would hang this on my walls in a second...so wonderful! It has such a great feel!Fantastic use of texture! Lone trees are always fascinating subjects! The shape of this one with the gentle curve to the right is especially intriguing to me!

You know what? I have a lot of contacts that don't show up for me either! What is up with that? I don't like missing posts like that! 
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )This is beautiful!  I love the lone tree.  It looks like it is being blown by the wind.  Your processing and texture is perfect.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Perfect again!
The texture is so great here! 
Love it!Textured, cold winter lonliness.  great work!Love this Kim! You are the master of field shots!Beautiful work , congratulations :)
Cette photo a été vue et appréciée sur:
This photo was seen and appreciated on :
~~Regards de Femmes~~ 

Post 1, Award 3So stark and yet sublimely beautiful in its windswept isolation. Fab!kim you captured it . the leaning . stunningSo pretty........love the look here.


Back to say: woo-hoo...congrats on Explore! :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Congrats on Explore, Kim!! So well deserved my friend!Beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called In the Memories' Book (Textured Images - Invite Only) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Beautiful image! ana ilfirst really @@ Uuugh 
fdaiiiiiiiiiit my H ya naas love u 7yatii 
so 7bait il-heel's &lt;33 fa'9eeee3 shklah 
mwaah u ;** wait'n to see'ch ;Pw7shteeeeeeeeene ya dooba &lt;33
a7biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiich mooooooooooooooooot(L)
(KKKKKKKK&lt;33mshkla eli ybo8 afkari =,=&quot;!\ 3n iltbr6m f3Amazing=_____= MEMA! 
Chaaaaaaaaap ...:O!!&lt;3 itlovely ♥♥M'noneta
Tfdaaaaaach ;***** .. love u More 8lbiii 
iknow Me to (L),(L) .. ;'$ 7ta ana 
T3bt M3ay 
W7shteeeeeeeeeeeeeeniii More walla ;'( 
w ana ahwaaaaaach &lt;3333 ;*************Thaaanx (F)

N!iCE
  i &lt;3 it So n!Ce 
&lt;33333333,,~

Miss You ;**



`Amaizng sure fave
wala a7bch &lt;33 ,, and Miss You 7aaaal ;'') Ya al7lw (L)(L)
7MZoOOh ya 7maaaaaaaarh Wala ABD3tiiii ;P
B59oo9 ElShoooze 3jeBh ;**\
7Bittt ya 7loh ;P♥ Raw3a walla ♥
And
♥ η!!!¢¢ê ρίί!!!¢¢ ♥
And
иı¢я šħøт ♥ 

♥ кèép ίţ ùρ ,, ♥


♥ςόMмẾŅT MẾ PŁẾZZ ♥Wow! Amazing shot! I love the tones!XOXO
walla Me to A7beeeeech and Miss u More ;&quot;( 

M.photography
Thaaanx ;'$ ,, i know :Paby el first ;&quot;&quot;(loved the high heels :O
Always creative :D&lt;3
Ooh , and loved the edit alot ;) 
Wait'in On fire your nxt pic. :$ :pya zeeeeen Faaaanhm &lt;3
jmeela al Shootjojo
sorry Nseet X'P that u want to NEXT time 
pureness
thaanx Hunny ;'$ :PThaaanx ;'$روووعه الكعب 
والتصوير اروع 

تسلم يمينك =)♥♥♥♥♥la la kthabbaaa ;@
el high heels friendyy ana w bs ;P
lool w about el shot fee t8dmm ;D&lt;3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥

Raw3aaaaaaaa . . ♥♥
&lt;333 i t . . ♥♥

♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥
♥♥
♥Hind
X&quot;D 3la keeeefch 
---------
Thaaaanx all (K)Jameeelaa &lt;3Jmeeeeeeeeeeeeel

Nice :*well taken 7bee..,Totally Royal ;P
Fnana &lt;3N!c!!
Well takeen&lt;33
FAveD ^.*

Comment me plz ;**Thaaaanx (L)


Yyaaaay Banotea al p!!!C { AAAA }
coMMent Me... =Pphigh heels &gt;&lt; 

i dont know why i just cant walk with THOSE like a human been ?!
but i got alot of them though :p

thank god am tall =''')SoOS
hhhhhhhhhhhhh l2nch Tall 
6ooolch Mo 6beeee3ii X&quot;&quot;D :'| &lt; mashalla :P7ram 3leech 6ole 7dh 6be3i &lt;&lt; at least N america ;phhhhhhhh yahl.america aly Mtwl3h Feeeehm :P:Pmj is american do u understand ?n!ce shot=___= 6zzz feeeeeeeeh X'D@@ HOW DARE U !!!!!!!

ma a8ool ela **** * yal. (asia)&lt;&lt; ;Pphhhhhhhhhhhh Keeeeeeeefi y7rni :P 
M7d **** '3eeeeeerch :P :P ,, ownch Mat8oolen klam =___=&quot; X&quot;D 
enti ( asia ) :Pa8ool bs mo hne 3eeb ya54oon 3ne fkrh X''''D
o about mj say whatever u want i dont *******  care !!&lt;&lt; xp


miss ya ='(interesting colours compositionwow! what a great composition - so lovely, 100 time fav - great tone, lovely bg and fantastic blue Thank you Sajan.cantik = BeautifulWow, beautiful work of art, Shanti!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )I shall pick this one.... The first one..... I bet the dream will be much weirder.....this is so beautiful.love it!very nice presentation Bro,,
its really niceI can see why its so difficult for your to decide.  There is something in both to recommend them.  I can't make up my mind either.  Love the delicate pastels contrasted with the sharp focus of the delicate flowers.so beautiful! so fave. lovely compo.Beautiful vibrant and pastel mix!  At any mention of the word &quot;spring&quot; there must be, imho,  some evidence of green, so I give my nod to the first one! ;-)Wow.w..w.w. So lovely shot. Really love all tiny flowers and beautiful colors in the background. It brighten my days. Love it..love it.. Thanks for sharing. Have a great day. Keep smiling, my dear friend ^____^Great capture man !!!fantastic .... !!Beautiful work!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Stunning !Difficult to choose between the two - both are beautiful productions!Lovely !Beautiful ...
Superb frame..
Nice composition ...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I pick this one! Lovely shot and wonderful DOF! And, spring is definitely in my dreams right now!Great work...well done!Fantastic image!  Love the composition and processing.  Well done.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)very beautiful and lovely colors ;DBeautiful!Amazing.. your creations are always special my friend !Yes it's like a dream...I'm  holding on myself for these spring beauties. thanks for the vision~~simply gorgeous.Aren't we all (at least in the northern hemisphere), well done. 

Seen on FluidrThere is such feeling and even magic hereOr perhaps this one too! It's got that amazing contrast ! Awesome floral masterpieces!love the colours and composition...love it....very well done !!!!Lovely colors and constrast!What an incredible shot, amazing capture my friend!!like the composition and focus... great shot...Beautiful!Some amazing result you got here, i like it a lot.I like this one better, more color variation in the background. Good work!!Only you can make a nightmare look like dream Shanti. :) Whatta capture. :) And whatta treatment. :) 

Cool!!Instant favorite * 100....OMG, very sweet dream ,';0]...I'm dreaming with you! Awesome comp!awesome color saturation sir and nice shot!beautiful.....Creative !
Nice composition and lovely colors :-)
I also like the subtle title .very pretty image! colors are like a dream!Fantastic creation!Love those colors!Gorgeous, Gorgeous presentation!  LOVE the soft colors &amp; I see your starting your &quot;sale&quot; process..:-)  Great Sunday to you!nice combo of clear flower and killer bokehlove them bothwow .... fascinating &amp; beautiful!  love the bokeh and dof!  ;))this is PERFECTSo beautiful colors, very pretty picture!Beautiful , as always:))beautifully delicate :)
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )very very BeautifulThis is perfect, great work!!!!!!!!I can't believe this started as a negative image... well done.Really lovely dream!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.My favorite of the two--the colors on the blooms
really pop with this background!  Hope you had
a great day!Both are beautiful but I like this one best. No nightmares here!beautiful job .. c'mon spring.Fantastic color, clarity and composition.  The is a wonderful feel to this image  Love it.Simply beautifulLovely work..! Have a nice Monday, my friend..!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Gorgeous Flowers ☆ (P/1- C/3) Join Contest : White Flower, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Really lovely composition!Beautiful---great composition--and color---excellent capture!Fantastic composition. Very nice capture.beautiful work !!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called   ☆The Power Of Now ☆, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Such a delicate and beauty!wOW..WONDERFUL MY FRIEND..I love the effect!!Placed next to a simple piece of furniture, their subtle glow will illuminate the room. You've managed to give this shot a dream like quality. thanks for sharing! &gt;_&lt; rachel and sheila :)So beautiful..love the effect.
congrats on exploretremendously gorgeous!So beautiful!Superb work!! Loves the dreamy color so much !!Super lovely!Tolle Toene und Linien und das Huetchen macht sich sehr gut :)you have SO been on fire lately -- wow...very good barb, very good!das Bild ist gut ! indeed !
sauberer Bildaufbau mit der Einrahmung links und rechts  !Thanks. I thought it looked a little bit like a Nick Hinch whose photos I like very much. (Unfortunately some of his beach shots aren't visible anymore because he has a limit of 200 pictures.)I like the &quot;spaced out&quot; look to this...the wet hard surfaces add to that.  Nice.Hi :-))

Congratulations, you're a Getty Images Contributor! This is an invitation to join Yahooo..Gettyyy! My image can be licensed!!  Please click &quot;Join This Group&quot; on the group page and post once a link to a own photo that can be licensed via the Getty Images Flickr collection.
(please remember: without a link to a personal license this photo on Getty Images button you are refused)

If you join please invite a few flickr friends who are Getty Images Contributor also. The invitation code can be found on the homepage of the group. Thanks!
Feel free to remove this invitationLove the placement of all the elements here Barb.  Great stuff.  Especially the witches hat and the overall composition.  Your work gets me in!  You have a great eye for a photograph.  regardswonderful. Suzanne and I are in Melbourne for 26th + 27th. We arrive in Port  Melbourne early Friday 26 and are staying at Safety Beach Friday and Saturday night. Leave for Adelaide early Sunday. Any chance of meeting up?thank you everyone for your kind comments.
Gary, good news that, check your mail!
The other Fisarmonica
una scenetta veramente simpatica, il bambino sembra particolarmente coinvolto !!!what a music play, Davide
buona domenica a te

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )...presa al volo??
Se così allora hai fermato l’istante dell’eternità con una “mannaia” come amava citare il grande “Henry Cartier Bresson”!bellissima street!
BN di grande effetto!fantastiche le espressioni dei due; lui si è accorto di essere osservato, e allora accentua il suo gigionismo da strada per amore del pubblico... Bellissima!saluti!

Seen in:
 
The Authors' plazastupenda cattura...molto bella questa scena
con la postura del fisarmonicista  e del bambino che lo osserva
magica
ottimo BN
ciaoMe quedo con la imagen de ese niño...muy buena la escena

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato 『』 Frame it! 『』. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

You are invited to post this image in:
 Absolute BLACK and WHITE 
[Invite Only]
Post 1: Comment 2

If your image receives 5 Awards,
you may post it in THIS THREAD
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)excellent.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato ~ CONTRASTS  ~ . Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

oOo Hi ... this is excellent ... and see that you have books too ...
how wonderful ... and if they are containing images like this one,
then they will be exceptional.  Thanks for your kind invite today,
can I return the favour ...? hope you will accept ... Bev oOohahaha...I looooooooooove the little boy !!!
This is Perfect! 

 

This photo has been selected for  The Perfect Photographer Award 
Please add this image to  The Perfect Photographer, Awards 2 Fave 2 
And tag the photo with &quot;The Perfect Photographer&quot;  
Invited with SOS! 
A+++ Grade Photo(Post 1 give A+++ logo to 3 pics)fantastica


ciao e buona seratafantastica, ciaoo!this is fantastic, Davide!!!!Il mezzogiorno francese ?

mi piace moltissimo il bambino !molto.....molto.......bella.Ohh so exceptional !bellissima... soprattutto le espressioni dei protagonisti!Wonderful work !
Congratulations.Extraordinaria!! Muy buena!!has capturado un maravilloso momento, me resulta muy atractiva la foto
congrats ;o)Nice street capture.The little boy doesn't seem so impressed...wonderful shot!Bella composición y contrastes. Muy buen procesado y detalles...
Saludosbellissima street, la contrapposizione fisarmonicista- bimbo è piacevolissima!
oOo Thankyou for accepting the invite to share ... I hope you will
consider joining  ... that would be great ... its just excellent, but
know you have many excellent images in black and white ...so,
hope to see more ..! Bev oOo

Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Ragione e Sentimento (INVITE Only). Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Bellissima questa scena ripresa, straordinaria l'espressività dei due soggetti e ti confesso che questa foto mi piace tanto anche perchè la fisarmonica, con il suo suono struggente, riesce sempre a far vibrare le corde della mia anima.
Magnifica!!!Beautiful with the child in the background.Molto bella questa scena, il tipo con la fisarmonica è davvero fotogenico. Indiscutibile il B/N!
Excellent street Picture...!
congrats !Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Emotional impact  MyChoice. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Force of Photography. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2musical vin diesel ... great take
 www.flickr.com/groups/forceImmagine macro molto  interessante  e ottimamente realizzata. 
Eccellenti i toni ottenuti da un sapiente  bilanciamento cromatico che ha permesso di ottenere una gradevole nitidezza e una ottima risoluzione. 
Molto bella la gestione della luce.

Magistralmente predisposto il bilanciamento del bianco e la restituzione dei colori dell’insieme grazie anche ad un’impeccabile inquadratura dei soggetti  e ottima focalizzazione dell’elemento principale della foto.

Sinceri complimenti per la gradevolissima imagine

Seen in Ragione e Sentimento 

This shot is Ragione e Sentimento!
TAG your photo with R&amp;SJusto el ángulo y el momento.
Nunca crei que fuese un edificio tan abierto a la luz.Fantastische Stimmung!Muy bonitaHermosa tomaTHIS IS REALLY A GREAT IMAGE. I SAW IT IN A COOL GROUP ON FLICKR! IT'S CALLED ARCHITECTURE_MODERN BUILDINGS (post 2 - fave or comment 2).
www.flickr.com/groups/architecture_modern_buildings/Una preciosidad. Ese dorado es genial.Excelente. Muy bien tratada. Felicidades.ESte lugar me parece el paraiso para un fotógrafo. La imagen es simplemente brillante. La has clavadoEstupenda foto. Te han quedado unos tonos espectaculares. Enhorabuena!A estas alturas tiene mérito quedarse &quot;embobao&quot; con una foto de la ciudad de las ciencias. Esta es completamente diferente a las que estamos acostumbrados, mi enhorabuena otra vez mas!Que pasada de luz !!!!!!!!! Un trabajo absolutamente impecable !!!!!!!!Ciudad de las artes y las ciencias retratadas en una obra de arte. Felicitaciones !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Muy bueno el punto de vista y una maravilla las tonalidades y los reflejos
Salu2* * * Excelente foto * * *

Fotografos de Valencia,Alicante,Castellon
Etiqueta tu foto : FVAC
--
Seen in the group&quot;Fotografos de Valencia,Alicante,Castellon&quot; ( ?² )El Universo blanco bañado en oro, Que lujo de fotografía!!!!!

Saludos.Esos dorados son de lujo. :)
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )WOW....DAMN PRETTY!
lofflerdiary.blogspot.comme encanta el encuadre, el motivo, la luz.... el tratamiento.... no sé ....Este es un premio desde Uber Cool Graphic/Architectural Image, por tu aportación al Grupo!!
This is a prize from Uber Cool Graphic / Architectural Image, for your contribution to the Group!

Uber Cool Graphic/Architectural Image! Please experimentally submit to the AAUbercool GroupNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.bestial

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado SILUETAS-SILHOUETTES y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.WOW! cool coloring!Increíble como refleja la luz en el agua a través del edificio.

Una foto maravillosa.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Me parece una verdadera pasada, el tratamiento es impresionante¡¡¡¡
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
I like the colors in this beautiful sunset shot.This is truly stunning!!!

As seen in Your VERY BEST ever
Our members appreciate YOUR very best ever!Preciosa y tan majestuosa..me encantan esos tonos dorados!!Gorgeous ume shot!
 背景のボケ、色合いも綺麗ですね！Stunning and the background colour is fabulous!豪華に咲いていますね。Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cherry on top! Photography - Invited images - Post 1 Award 2, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

What a joy!!!lindas!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called VosPlusBellesPhotos (Invite only) - P1/C1/Sweeper! , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This photo is fantastic! 
Good Sunday   
With my friendship
Don't forget the new challenge of  « Vos plus belles photos »
www.flickr.com/groups/vos_plus_belles_photos/discuss/7215...



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful capture! I like the lovely bokeh background.. :)
 This fantastic photograph was seen in 
Cherry on top! Photographyたくさん咲いているんですね。
きれいです！Beautiful macro.Woawoo, an other blosson season is coming, superb  superb, thank you Giovanniとても賑やかな、華やいだ雰囲気が出ています。
空の色がまた、きれいですね！！Beautiful~This is a lovely capture of the beauty of Spring! This fantastic photograph was seen in 
Cherry on top! Photographygood shot my dear friendWonderful shot 

You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
Please Join Us! 



Nice weekend 

HansWooow! thats an amazing shot
Have a lok at my photostream
:)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

 This fantastic photograph was seen in
Cherry on top! Photography 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Cherry on top! Photography - Invited images - Post 1 Award 2&quot; (?)oh wow!!! The colour and the focus! This is spectacular.superb blossom -amazing the blue of sky as backgroundSo colourful and beauty華やかな色がとても素敵。
私も昨日梅を撮りに行きましたが、梅って難しいなぁと実感しました。枝にくっついて咲くので、背景を綺麗にぼかすの難しいですよね。すっきりさせようとすると青空バックでのっぺりしてしまうし。こういう風に華やかさを見せるのも手ですね。Wonderful !!Gorgeous!!!!!
Big Hugs Giovanni!!!this is what I would like to be able to do with my camera my friend:))
exquisite colours

 This fantastic photograph was seen in 
Cherry on top! Photographybeautiful bokeh! 春らしい色ですね。 
Seen in / Vue dans :
Vos plus belles photos (Nature only)!Love ...Love....LoveHA! I love this picture. MOOOOOOLove how they are lined up! Fab shot, great detail in the cows.LOVE IT!  Great processing Cath, did you use something special to get this look?The story has been re-written to be &quot;Goldilocks and the Three Cows&quot;. Great moooood and processing in this one, Cath.
--
Seen in some comments. ( ?² )These guys are great!!  Always love your Quotes Cath!  The gray sky doesn't bother me to much, a beautiful blue would have started to pull your eye away from the ere faces which are the main focus.Looks like they WERE gossiping until they saw you eavesdropping.  LOL!  Love the cows.

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Oh yeah about the sky--find one you like, put it on a layer then layer this foto on top of it and then add a layer mask and then uncover just the sky where you want it--viola--a beautiful blue sky.Cool shot.thks for your comments folks
sunmallia - I did some tweaks with Topaz Adjust.
Joanne, thks for the suggestion I will go and try it today.and they got caught, LOL

cute shotLove those impassive stares - you have a really impressive cow collection, Cath - photos I mean!This is great! They look annoyed you interrupted them

--
Seen in the group&quot;365 - DPS Assignment&quot; (?)this one is a crack up Cath...so true ;-)Is this HDR or just an amazingly crisp image? 

Looks like they were gossiping and just as you approached, they stop. Follow you with their eyes until you're well out of earshot, then they'll gossip about YOU :PReturn of the Bovine Brigade... this is precious, Cath!!! Especially like the one at the far left; she looks like she's about to dish some real dirt!!! The gals fill the shot so well that the dull sky is not really distracting.

Another method you can use, similar to Joanne's suggestion, is to layer the sky on top, blend it with Multiply, reduce the opacity and again using a layer mask, erase the area over the cows.They sure look like they were up to something.
Maybe they were singing &quot;Cows with guns&quot;?thks you guys....
I crack up when I look at this, and yes lois I have always thought the one on the left is the real 'shit stirrer' out of the 3 of em!!!!
lol
Jeff - lol, now I have 'cows with guns' song in my head!!!lol i love the titles you give to your cow photos :)love this, and your interpretation (i agree about the one on the left :)

I saw this in The Dictionary of Imageyup, the third one definitely seems to have a beef with the rest of the girls! 
Great shot!Pretty darn cute ... great definition, and a wonderful image. It's the gal in the middle that has the big mouth, 'cause that's not her cud she's chewin' on.Another beauty! Belongs in a frame!This is really cool, the nice diagonal of the heads, how they are all starring at the camera and the wonderful details. Due to the interesting foreground I don't even notice the sky.liked this one too. 

Oh, that is just too cute! Love the little diapered heart butt, lol, adorable!the heart on the booty kills me! adorable! xoxo to you too!!! HBM!so sweet...i like the redtone...lol just adorablelucky indeed, it turned out pure magic.

hbm!hahah this is sooooo sweet!!

go for hubby!!

HBMprecioso HBM!!!!

--
Visto en el grupo&quot;Bench Monday&quot; (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)HBM!!!! This is precious!HMB too cute I love those tights!love these so much, that is the cuttest outfit ever!  hbmCuteness! HBM!I'm sorry, maam, but you've way exceeded the cuteness quota allowed here on Flickr. The red tights with the white hearts alone might have been OK, but the big heart on the tushy put you WAAAAAY over.Awwwwww!!!!!!!
HBMI love this so much, too cute! HBM!!!=)This is adorable! I love the white 'bench' with the strip of silver.Instant fave! HBMLOL  if those aren't the cutest tights ever!  funny story - i know just how you feel.  lol  HBM!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Ha! Those are both so cute!Super cute..HBMAwww! Just darling! HBM!so, so cute!!!!  hbm!!!:)so sweet! HBM!felicidades por el EXPLORE!!!
como te he dicho antes....preciosa!!!!awww so cute!You are too fun....how adorable!!How cute is this!? I love the baggy diaper bum, and those heart tights!that is wayyyy too sweet! those tights are awesome!thanks everyone! when i bought those tights i had no idea they had the big heart on the bottom. when i saw that, well, i knew i had to design a bench monday around it.so super cute...thanks for the smile!how fabulous and fun is that!!! OXOwowowoow!!lipsWow! ... Really amazing crown shot and the reflection is stunning!A half a crown.  Awesome splat.Thanks everyone.  I have taken lots of these before with the Hiviz kit.  Now that I have an Arduino (from Sparkfun!), they are even easier.  It just takes time cleaning, drying and polishing the plastic, and then setting up the next target milk drop.  Here are a few of my other ones:






Great!Magic splash!!!!wowGreat fun! And wonderfully sharp. The arduino is excellent for these, isn't it!Foregrounds like this were just made for photographers... this one really grabs my attention more than the beautiful sky does! Very nicely seen and captured Nazar!!beautifuly compose and love the reflection of the sky on the water...

good job!wow wow
excellent HDR[http://www.flickr.com/photos/kals555/] its not HDRbeautiful job done hereAmazing capture Nazar ........................ like the foreground.excellenteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeBreathtaking, love the view, I can look at this all day ! : DBusting shot mate. Everything about it works nicely.Beautiful shot, nice foreground!ustad g bohat allasuperb shot

I am admin of this group called Concordians. We would love it for you to share your pictorial moments with us.


Concordians
please tag you picture &quot;concordians&quot;Wonderfully composed and captured. Nice shot man.Amazing light and tones!!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!WOW ~ B E A U TI F U L !!!!!! Love the composition and colors. Very nice work Nazar.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Very good composition indeed!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )StunningSometimes you produce the effect of me being lost in your frames with clarity and views of heavenly shore side...So magical . . Lovely compositionExcellent edition here.
Well done.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Excellent light!

--
Seen in the group&quot;[ Wonders of Nature ]&quot; (?)love the smooth wide angle...great colour to!A lot of depth and feeling of loneliness...lovely compo......ur shots are so neat... as clear as crystal :)fantastic clean, a cover shot!fantastic work......well done Nazar - great stuffBeautiful.  Stunning foreground composition...
Excellent Capture was seen in Silhouette Photography
Please Tag your photo &quot;Silhouette Photography&quot;¡¡¡Halaaaaaaa...que pasada Xavi!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Es un dels llocs que mes m'agraden per escoltar el silenci i vivenciar la calma.

Quin tros de fotassu !!!
Salut,
La Factoria Wasichupufff...!!

t'ha quedat genial

el cel i els colors són realment una passada!!

:)great shot!Los colores, increíbles. Esa combinación de tonos fríos y cálidos...Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado AMIGOS DEL DELTA DEL EBRO  +100 MIEMBROS¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.una delicia visual¡¡¡Mai dic això però... WOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!Bé, després de veure aquesta foto, dimiteixo de la olympus, de sortidazz, del PS... de tot, em dedicaré a fer fotos amb la camareta VGA del mòbil.

IMPRESSIONANT!!!!!!!Genial. salut:)M'encanta!!
És una passada!!Impressionant Xavi... realment impressionat...
La composició, els colors, els reflexos, el cel...
El delta es un paratge impressionant, ple de màgia i tu has captat la seva esencia en aquesta foto.
Ets un Mestre :)Meravellosa Xavi... Moltes gràcies :)Anda que no habeis disfrutado.Xavi...és preciosa!!!Wooow! Bon control de la llum i de la profunditat... m'agrada especialment el contrast de colors càlids-freds!preciosa !!!!!Me pierdo en las nubes, qué pasada!!que guapada de imagen!! Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group 
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post Here Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group 
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post Here.... bien!!! veo que uno de los &quot;cazadores&quot; logró diana! Y muy buena por cierto!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Preciosa. Un gran instant captat. Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post HereBuf, una foto de pel·lícula. Maquíssima!!!!!!!!!Tremenda, Xavi.wow!!! :)

 Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group 
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post HereUn cielo bestial, de los de boca abierta.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado HDR en Barcelona, Cataluña... y resto de España y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Toma ya!! quina pasada Xavi!!
Genial!Impresionante! Como dice pepealcaide, me dejas con la boca abierta!Muy buena composición y colorido. Wonderful! seen in :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3/b&gt;
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post HereAla, quina pasada de colors, O_o!!!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Guapisima foto....
Magnific resultat i bon colorit.
Salutacions.Simplement brutal. Vaja colors. Mira que fa dies que vull anar-hi al Delta.Los tonos dorados son fantásticos. Qué bello.Espectacular Xavier. Tot i que per mi els tons daurats estan una mica sobresaturats. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)....Una pasada de imagen, si señor.
SaludosPreciosa imágen del Carnaval de Venecia
SaludosBeautifully captured!

I give you a FROM CITRIT,BEST OF YOURS 
Citrit, best of yours!Those two are amazing !Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Schöne Bilder - Nice pictures. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

I give you a FROM CITRIT,BEST OF YOURS 
Citrit, best of yours!A photograph is neither taken nor seized by force. It offers itself up. It is the photo that takes you. I was taken by this shot.stupenda !!!A mecca for photographers. Trust you must enjoyed it.Bellissime!!Both are looking gorgeous. Love their colours and clothes. A beautiful shot!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Wonderful masks and fabulous photo.I would give my eye teeth to be there, what a feast for the eyes.lindo!molto bella!Very striking!Nice light and color!Amazing!Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Masks Around the World. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.

Beautiful light and colour!!!Life goal to make and wear a costume to this.wonderfull !!fabulous event! would like to go here one dayCiao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Seasons’ Magic P1 / A2 - Admin's pick: Valentine's Day. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.
--
Seen on blog.flickr.net ( ?² )Nice to see the sun today Marty..Although when you saw it....I was still having my morning coffee ;) Nice shot....
(I'm still thawing out from my walk today brrrrrrrrrr it was coooold)love that glassine lookThe low light shows offs the cracks in the ice nicely.Awesome ... I love when there are cracks in the ice with reflection like this.The sun coming up over the ice is wonderful. Beautiful morning sunrise.... wow! ... how wonderful day was coming!

... beautiful photo!

Big Hug, Martin
.This is terrific Marty....Love it !
It was great to see you again this morning !Wonderful shot! 

Sorry about that earlier confusion - I somehow missed that &quot;the&quot; part.well seen and shot Marty...a beautiful warm image!Love the various layers and textures on the ice floe Marty -- early morning sun is the best sun. Captured nicely sir!nice....brutally cold tho eh?Great light!Fantastic photo!!!
 It was nice to see you this morning Marty. Have a great week.
 Danny :o)good morning sun shine!...love reflextions on the water and ice.nice reflection capture Marty!This is very beautiful photograph!!!Marty you certainly have captured the Ridgetown perfectly once again..it looks like it is wedged in there well with all that ice...ice, glass, this is really cool Marty!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )This is a brilliant photo.
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please consider posting this photo into this group and joint the community, thanks!!This brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardThis brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardThis brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardSuperb capture MartyBeautiful shot, Marty.  What wonderful light.

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Smooth shot!Beautiful sunrise. Love the color and reflections.LOL. This cracks me up.Lovely light!Beautiful lighting Marty - it still looks very cold there though. Congratulations, #419 on Explore.DeLIGHTful shot Marty! Please add this LIGHTSCAPE 
and INVITE another LIGHTSCAPE to the group
  Exquisite LIGHTSCAPES (INVITE ONLY Post 1 Invite 1)bellisima postal..
vista en :Seen in:
Please add this LIGHTSCAPE 
and INVITE another LIGHTSCAPE to the group
  Exquisite LIGHTSCAPES (INVITE ONLY Post 1 Invite 1)Wow!  Gorgeous shot Marty!Excellent! and very funny title!Have I told you how freaking awesome you are?  Well... You are!  I love this shot... So creative and it gave me a huge smile... Nice way to start my Sunday.hahahaha!!! brilliant!!!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Eh eh, nice!lol wear the mask for work, you might find that they won't ask you back :)ha ha this is absolutely brilliant,love the low angle its been taken from,well done!Know the feeling :-)  Love the processing and composition.great idea and shot!i ttly feel 4 u!I feel your pain....I love this!like that idealove the mask! (: nice shot!!too funny... great shot!i know that feeling!!!! awesome work!Fantastic ... a whole story in this intriguing image!

[ via Canadapt's contacts on flickriver &nbsp;--Canadapt ]wonderful prospective..and great &amp; creative idea!HA HA !!!

THANKS FOR REMINDING ME IT'S MONDAY TOMORROW !!!!!

Superb originalityVery good!!!!an image so many can relate to! really cool angle and love the space in the forground.Ha ha! This is great!This is awesome!  Really wish I could think of ideas like this haha.LOL!  Great idea and execution!lol!!  Nice shot and great treatment!Great idea, and superb processing, the effect is amazingLike the focus - and the outstretched hand.Nice angle and treatment dude.brilliant work god you and 90% of the nation feel the same most monday mornings heyGot a case of the mondays ?Cool idea, and well done.Great work !!!
Seen In World Of Disturbia

really nice composition and tones....love the editing....=]Fantastic shot, love the angle and processing!  But I like Mondays!clever!Back at home!
In love with the Canary people!
--
De vuelta en casa!
Enamorao de la amabilidad Canaria!no es para menos, te doy toda la razón, super amables.que bonito ese amarillo!!Espectacular ese color, se sale!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)menuda fista de color tiene esa hermosa isla .y por desgracia no conozco de cerca a sus gentes.Bienvenido a casa!!!Excelente composición y llamativo color.
Yo viví en Las Palmas hace muchos años -21 en concreto- y guardo muy buen recuerdo del lugar y de sus gentes.q liiiiindo color!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Fotografia lo que se te antoje, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Magnificas tonalidades,muy bien vista.Aqui la Luz es impresionante durante casi todo el año.


SaludosPerfect composition &amp; color!Preciosa variedad de tonalidades!  Muy bien procesada.  Saludos...Such amazing, vibrant color!Preciosa. Qué cantidad de tonalidades distintas!Maravillosa captura, la composición y color es fantasticaExplosivo el color.Ya entiendo porque mis amigos y amigas canarios son tan coloristas vistiendo y viviendo. ¡Cómo no viendo estas cosas todos los días!

Una foto genial.

PD: Por si tienes curiosidad, una amiga canaria llamada Yaiza tiene un blog con el mismo nombre que tu foto.Un color muy bonito

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Un gran golpe para la vista.Chula, chula. chula. 
Abrazos¡Qué guapa!Super en color y encuadre!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Pero qué linda! Desde mi ventana no se ve tan bonita, qué ojo tienes.
Un abrazoYa veo que has disfrutado del color y también del calor de sus gentes! ;-)Magnífica... un retall absolutament ajustat... i impecable... fantàstica... ets un geni...però ja ho saps... jejejeje.
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Nice one Ashok...Stunning image! Super light and atmosphere.

--
Great picture ! 
Beautiful Mother Nature

--
Seen in the group&quot;Beautiful Mother Nature&quot; ( ?² )Beautiful composition Ashok... Lovely tone too...nice shot !like the reflectionBeautifulSuperb lighing and excellent reflections :)Beautiful n peaceful place..lovely reflections!!very good shot indeed. I like this kind of light plays and silhouettes and reflections.
As Senthil said, tilt could have been corrected.good reflections :)I like this a lot..  Nice catch.Thanks a lot friends.... Your comments and faves made this picture to xplore. 

Thanks a lot  Gavaskar, sonata, Suresh, Rashmi, Rajesh, Hema, Krishna, Mallika, Siddu, Crystal, P'gpy24/7.  

Need your support and suggestions always... Keep visiting.Congratulations.  It is a worthy photo to make it there.

Regards
Crystaloh osm toneI like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Nice colours and tones!I like the reflections in this great shot.Congrats on Explore !Fabulous light! Very nice composition too!amazing dynamic MM! nice take on the themeAmazing shot!
I love how the droplets are in focusBrilliant concept &amp; execution for this week, my man. The upward POV, contrasts and stellar DoF are all spot-on. ;)Awww - poor, poor Marcus - been partying again :-))

This is kind af an anti-hole picture then - since all the holes are actually stuffed... Anyway - it's a great macro!!!

Have a great week - and don't drown - I've seen on the news the amount of rain you've been getting... So take care!Great shot! Love the &quot;flying&quot; droplets!

--
Seen in the group&quot; MACRO MONDAYS (please check weekly theme)&quot; (?)Love it!!  Isn't it fantastic when our photos are &quot;too crisp&quot;!!  I totally know what you mean though, great image!!Yes, it was a great game. I'm still hoarse.lol
Great MM shot and DoF!I love the waterdrops! Very nice work. Cool composition as well.Wonderful work !
Congratulations.marcus. wonderful. always. love stories. and this is a great life story. as frustrating as it is, its that reality told through a photo that I love. happy MM, hope all the bathroom stuff gets cleared up!beautiful photo!Love the focus!Amazing macro work as usual.
Just wondering as to how do you keep your camera dry.
NiceHa! It's always the day after that's a b. Super splash man. Excellent macro as always. Please say it took you 50 shots to get this one? Perfect timing dude.best of luck with all your plumbing issues, great MM!Love it! Showering is a lifesaving thing...the droplets look amazing!Great capture.If I happen to be in your city and fix that thing before you ever get to it, you're buying me an Appletini!super MMdayum Marcus, how in the world do you do it man!!! Stupendous work I say!Well done MM - how did you keep your camera dry?Amazing... great capture, love the water droplets :)Great capture!Stunning image.  The sense of movement from the drops is absolutely brilliant.I really like the in camera &quot;layer&quot; effect.Haha, at least it made for a good photo. Excellent capture and nice job with the processing. 

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Cool MM! The mid-air droplets are awesome, Marcus.PS
Sending hugs - just randomly :-))Cool MM.Good job freezing the action without damaging your camera! Nicely focused on the water droplets too.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Reminds me of the new shower head I used for a MM last year since our old one was leaking all over the place. 

I think you're the first person I've seen who is so deeply unsatisfied with how sharp and clean an image came out that they went and added noise lol. Better to have full control then have noise when you don't want it! ;)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great shot and great treatment. 

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)uhhhh
You have an amazing view. It is so pretty. :)this is amazing, i want your view.
it reminds me so much of winter. :)It's beautiful. I wish it would snow like that here. Wowughhh
how come in my town it just doesnt want to snow ?
my winters been pathetic :P
LOLL
this is beautiful thoulove the view, you have such a great perspective!Simply beautiful! Thank posting it. 
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthOh how beautiful. Lovely rendering and a pretty scene to wake to.wow! its so beautifulcool.....How Beautiful Atmosphere..!!!!It certainly brightened my morning :DGreat shot :)
Your blog is fantastic btw!lovely idea!This is great!I love your stream and you are extremely creative!
that video you make for babelgum, is so fun and creative!I just love you and your clever happy creativity!so happy!katie you are so awesome!Wow! That's a happy lady. Love the cat.I hate my avatar. It's soooo sad looking. Oh well!strong and beautiful face expression at the same time... nicePerfect !!!

The look in your eyes says it all... you choose to be Happy! :-)True

love the expression, the piercing stare, the wet hair! :) and the texture works great

hope you're well!gorgeous work, Yulia!
great quotes, it match with the image very well!Yup, I simply love the touch of the makeup :)The wet hair looks great. Beautiful shot!Lovely pose nice portrait  cool workGreat look and SPSuperb Yulia!
the sentence also
Are you in reality also so poetic?
Ciaooooooooè bellissima !!Gorgeous shot, Yulia!  Just incredible! :)I love your sweet expression here!wow.veeery good!Great expression and portrait!Incredibly 'Stunning'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work! Yulia.:OHi Black &amp; White ANGELAmazing eyes! Love the lighting and texture. Nice quote too!gorgeous...Stunning SP my friend!  Live the expression!  The texture work is super!!great texture, awesome portrait!love the intensity in your eyes.Very nice wet look. Strong emotions are present and that adds excitment to this image.Beautiful details and textures, I'm very impressed with your work Yulia!this &quot;wet&quot; look is gorgeous!! beautiful photo.I love your eyes in this shot Yulia.
Have a good week.you look quite fierce here Yulia! like it

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)From 5th dimension?Stunning!  beautiful eyesLove the intensity in your eyes...your pose..the wet hair. All gorgeouslove it..so goodso wonderful...whoooo gorgeous taken my friend:) soooo lovely contrast and in b/w!Fantastic work.i loved this series, i've seen the other versions previously on your stream.  really really beautiful!Your eyes look incredible here.  I also love your wet hair.stunning eyes !!Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. This photo is an excellent result of a wonderful habit.Sencillamente preciosa!Such a crisp or - may I dare? - a merciless-sharp black &amp; white SP couldn't have had a better quote than that.

The bold, straight look, the posture, the &quot;as-I-am-now&quot; of the wet hair and naked skin, the scarce background and what else, say you're perfectly at ease with the first half of your quote.... But the most difficult part (also the best one, sometimes) of our lives, of our enlivening a human body all throughout, might come from all those little and/or great things that are just.. you know.. optional ! ;)
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )BeautifulMaking-of    ;-)))



Very creative...excellent.this excellent 
well donecoole NummerSehr schick!

Das Making of ist allerdings etwas desillusionierend...Excellent! Very creative and very nice result!ich glaub ich hab ein déjavue........... ;-)
die magischen Kugeln haben eine ungeheure Anziehungskraft, man möchte jede Kugel vergrößern um zu sehen was sie beinhaltet.
TollDie Kugelbilder sind alle super. Was ich nur nicht verstehe ist wie sie scheinbar in der Luft schweben? Ich kann nichts erkenne was sie hält!?ha, nur ich weiss wie das geht :-)

zauberhaft !!!Coole Idee, mit Planung zur richtigen Zeit. Das Ergebnis spricht für sich.so very cool, awesome image 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)fantastic work

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wahrscheinlich stehe ich auf der Leitung - aber wie schaffst du es, die Glaskugeln schweben zu lassen? Egal. Das Ergebnis zählt - und das ist mehr als beeindruckend!
Es hat was zauberhaftes.interesantOh yeah, I heard those floating orbs are pretty common out in that area ;PAwesome! But seriously, what is holding the balls up?Fantastic work.  Looks surreal and 3DHallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??beautiful xx:))Wow,great wildlife shot !One of the best coyote shots I have seen.  This is awesome!
Danielnice shot....Hello as the administrator of a new group formed for wildlife/natural habitat photos of coyotes I'd like to invite you to post your photo to our group.

This photo is an excellent representation of The Coyote (canis latrans)


Please post it to The Coyote (canis latrans) group.Nice!Nice shot. Love the eye contact.awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Superb Bokeh.......great subject with lovely subtle tones......the single stem is great at leading you away to find the BokehBeautiful tones, excellent follow the dots usage.beautiful light here and i too love the bokeh.Lovely natural and man made textures in beautiful soft tones ! 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Past and Present T189 - Photo a day 2010 &quot; (?)Is the texture the background or are the white dots the bokeh - I can't quite work out what is going on.The white dots are the bokeh and they are on the background texture . . . I'll just see if I can upload a pic of the texture then you can see it better . . . 

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/skeletalmess/3732560490/in/set-72157621160055703/]Lovely shot - nice colours and perfect composition :-)Love the clarity of the pot and poppy seeds, but I do find the bright area of the table a little distracting

--
Seen in Past and Present T189 - Photo a day 2010  (?)Love the colors and the tones. Lovely!wonderful image
--
Seen in the group&quot;British Photographers (TIME TO VOTE!)&quot; ( ?² )nice imageI really like the poppy heads and they go well with the seeds, but I'm not sure about the bent stalk. It's an interesting image though.

Seen in the British and Irish Female Photographers' groupNice use of texture
--
Seen in the group&quot;Past and Present T189 - Photo a day 2010 &quot; (?)I like the sharpness of the poppy heads and seeds at the front but the bent stalk  is (I find) distracting - triffid like!very prettyThe thumbnail looks like a curling stone :-)love hte use of that texture behind, really great.Oh nice shot!, love the bokeh texture! :Di agree the texture is great.Oh I like this. Dead flowers are so beautiful in a completely different way to living flowers.Very decorative !!very nice.. great use of the texture.. well done on explore!very nice work !!!!!!!!!!!!!...sehr gut, niklas  ...klasse die sonnenreflektionwonderful gold!Lovely golden sunset ! beautiful colors and textures !Love the golden sunset!!! very very gorgeous!!!!!great golden colour..... brilliant shotWOW! So pretty!love the colors...
is perfectbeautiful sun :)Gut gelungen!

Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe °Landplage°, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain 
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 
Please share this piece of art with the other artists @

 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 

  

Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”

 Please join the group! 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )This is beautiful! Lovin' the composition :)This is completely gorgeous&quot;Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain
an artist once he grows up&quot; (Pablo Picasso) 

Congratulations! I think you remained an artist! 

  
 °Landplage° (P1/A2) 
Please Tag your photo with “Landplage”Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe FLOWERS AND SUNSETS ( POST1 AWARD 4 ), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe NATURES PHOTOS (POST 2 AWARD 5 ), und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.such a beautiful sunset, i love it!Incredibly 'Stunning'! Brilliant Composition! Excellent Work!Dope!Wow !!!! Fantastic shot, my friend....Wonderful work
Have a great WeekWelldone :-)What a wonderful sun blast - looks like it's melting some of the snow - a wonderful scene you capturedthis is so perfect =)That is beautiful! love the reflection.Fantastic picture really well done
 Greetings from Iceland 


FANTASTIC SEEN IN

Flowers and sunsets
(POST 1 AWARD 4)It seems if the ice on the field is glowing.....

Wonderful photograph.....Beautiful light and nice looking horizon with the line-up of the trees.Wonderful shot!
Excellent work !!!Wonderful colors and reflection!!Nice POV and good colors, good work my friend.excelente--
I think VENTANA A LAS FOTOS - WINDOW TO THE PHOTOS - PON 1, COMENT 4   - group would suit your photo very well. I suggest you to take a look at that group.


--
FANTASTIC SEEN IN

Flowers and sunsets
(POST 1 AWARD 4)
--
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;FLOWERS AND SUNSETS ( POST1 AWARD 4 )&quot;. ( ?² )That is pure eye candy!Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe in the mood  /post 1 - award 2, please/ , und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe sunsets and sunrise by water or landscapes, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

great on black really shows off the colours ....lovely shotWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Lovely golden sunset!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Great sunlight reflections! The colors are brilliant!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Hallo, ich bin der Administrator der Gruppe Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only, und wir würden uns freuen, wenn Du dies zu unserer Gruppe hinzufügen würdest.

Awesome composition!! Well Done!
Please consider to become a member so we can see more of your amazing talent at


Your VERY BEST ever / Invite Only
Please check out the high quality of our photographers and leave a comment or two!
Do you belong here??Your photo in it’s high quality is exceptional and shows a perfect beauty

… it looks as if it is just made for our sensitive group  …
thank you very much for sharing!

If you’ve not yet done, please remember: 
become our member AND: post 1 = award 2!



~ ~ ~ PLEASE don't forget to COMMENT 

and please assist in counting the awards YOU get. 
After recieving 4, please place your photo yourself into the group 4+
and you'll get the admin award.

THANK YOU ~ ~ ~Prima Bild!great colors on this one..
nice capture =)Fantastic    colors   !!!klasse licht

es wird zeit das sommer wird

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Fantastic shotjust like a dream! instant fav!Excellent processing, it shines !!MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!!
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES(Post 1+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot; 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!!
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES(Post 1+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot; 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!!
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES(Post 1+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!!
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES(Post 1+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPS &quot;MY CAMERA NEVER LIES

Thank you for sharing!!
MY CAMERA NEVER LIES(Post 1+Comment 3)
Collect 5 awards to request an invitation to
THE BEST OF Cengiz &amp; Squeeze me 2 GROUPSAwesome sundown!!! 
Please accept my most sincerest compliment, my friend.   :-)))
Thanks a lot for your sweet comment on my recent image!!!   :-)))That snow doesn't look like it's going to last very long with a glowing ball of fire that huge beating down on it!têm for me again &gt;:)i like your &quot; lông mi &quot; :&quot;&gt;TEmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm &gt;:)ũa hố =(( 
i love your face :Xmũi caooooo :((((( lông mi đẹp :(((((((Awwwwwwwwww , u guys so adorablee xoxo

Cin  thank u dear . Cin thật là lẹ :))

 Swin  : thank u hun xoxo . i love ur face too

 Mắm  : cao giề :)) đẹp giề :)) thấy ghê :))thấy hình ngdep Pig là nháo nhào vô liền :&quot;&gt;:x Cin  : ng` đẹp =))) nghe mắc ói quá bà . Nghe đồn mấy bữa nai bà vui lắm hã . Hí hí

 Yury  : =x=xngdep Pig của ngdep Cin xD ủa sao bikkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk =)))))))))) ê ê update tin tức ở đâu hay vậy =))))))))))thấy stt ngdep Cin kìa :))))))))) mắt tui đâu có léeeeeee :))))))hehe :&quot;&gt; vả chăng là ngày mai là our anniversary :Xxxxxtui biết lunnnnnnn :&quot;&gt; 3ms ròi nhen :&quot;&gt; cung hỉ cung hỉ ;))ihihihihih :&quot;&gt;:&quot;&gt; tks nhe eeeeeeeeeeeHí hí hí =))
Nhìn mặt cưng kìa =))))))))))))))) Cin  : kg có tri kg có tri

 Bum  : sao saooooooo :)) cưng hã :&quot;&gt; biết mà =)))))))nô nô nô tui hok có bị trĩ =))tri mà bà =)))) có tật dựt mình kìa :-&quot;bà bị thì cóa :-&quot;thích lông mi :X dàiiiiiiiiiii =p~love your face 
love your style
love your &quot;long mi dai&quot; :))
p/s:love your des :)) mi dài =p~
mũi cao =p~

xinh Pig ơiiiiiiiii XD fav nhaaa x)  Cin  : who saidddddddd [-X

 Jour Vold  : thank u má mìn

 Loli  : I know , i love mee :&quot;&gt;

 Yun  : Thấy ghê chứ Yunn [-Xmeeeeeeeeeeeeee =))boooooo hoooooo [-X it's uuuu , babeeeeeee:))))))noooooooooooooo not me =)) it's you, gurl =)):))))))))) Youuuuuuuuuuuuu :)))))) nobody nobody but Cin :))noooo you đổ thừa me :((it's youuuuuuuu :&quot;&gt; not meeeee:&quot;&gt; or we both not bị &quot; trĩ &quot; okiee? :))Phù thủy ngũ gục =))okay sure =)) we both not bị &quot;trĩ&quot; =))=))~ nhìn tếu qá bà pig =))long nheo kìa =p~Sao z sao đẹp w z.nổi pật giữa đám đông nhoe pà Pig =))
Fav há :&quot;&gt;má thôi thêm chứ mìn làm dì [-xnhìn art qá :) fav =p~ Bummiiieee  : phù thủy thiệc cũng mừng :&gt;



 Ciniiiee  : Yiup , that's the best way :)) Yo , peacee :))


 Molly hô  : thank uuuu my Hô :&quot;&gt; 


 Phỳ  : thank u :)) mà thấy ghê :-&lt; biết mà:))


 Mita  : thấy ghê chứ đẹp đẽ giề :)) anw thank u , my bro :&quot;&gt; :))


 Nấm   : nổi giề bà :)) đâu nổi bằng bà Nấm đâu [-X Thank u xoxo


 Vold  : kiu nó có vần í mà :))


 Mon  : awww :&quot;&gt; thank u xxxfav nè :-*=)) tui dau co noi dau pa =)) hong co zi :&quot;&gt; Cin  :  thank uu xoxoxo


 Nấm  : vậy tui nổi chắc [-X bà lùn quý phái :&quot;&gt; dống tui ha :)) bởi kết bà điểm đó :));;)yeaaaaaaaaaaa :))))))))):))đã fav theo iu cầu=))Favvvvvvvvveeeee!!!!!=)) zậy là 2 đứa m` hợp nhao ở đỉm đó =))Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado *FRATELLO SOLE ♥ SORELLA LUNA* OBBLIGATORIO: DAI 3 AWARD CODE y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

ESTE HERMOSO OCASO FUE VISTO EN:

AMANTES DE LOS ATARDECERES
www.flickr.com/groups/atardecer/ (Post 1 - Award 2)ESTE HERMOSO OCASO FUE VISTO EN:

AMANTES DE LOS ATARDECERES
www.flickr.com/groups/atardecer/ (Post 1 - Award 2)Parece un paisaje de la sabana africana, je je.
Un contraluz precioso y unos colores geniales.
Saludos.Muy bonita. Y gracias por la información aqui dada![http://www.flickr.com/photos/palentino_irlandes/] Muchas gracias, Ruben. Cualquiera diria que en ese momento ya habia 1 o 2 grados nada mas...

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/esparkling/] No hay de que :) Gracias por pasarte.Bonita foto con un cielo que parece estar ardiendo, y curiosa lección de colores; procuaré llevarlo a la práctica cuando encienda la luz de mi cabina de ducha, jajjaa.Pero que bonita! Vaya color que tiene el horizonte :)
COMPLIMENTI! LA TUA FOTO VA PREMIATA
YOUR PIC WON AN AWARD:

***FRATELLO SOLE♥SORELLA LUNA***
POST 1 ----&gt; AWARD 3
Con 5 o più awards ricevi un invito speciale
REMEMBER TO GIVE 3 AWARD!!!! NO AWARD= BANESTE HERMOSO OCASO FUE VISTO EN:

AMANTES DE LOS ATARDECERES
www.flickr.com/groups/atardecer/ (Post 1 - Award 2)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/findthemagic/] Recorte la parte superior de la imagen porque aun estaba azulada y queria que quedara rojo, rojo. Otro dia le tocara el turno al azul, que se que es tu favorito, ¿no? (El mio tambien lo es).

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/justbea/] Muchas gracias, Bea.Ni cromoterapia ni puñetas, para estimular los sentidos, lo que hace falta es ver fotografías como esta.
Cuidadín que desde que tienes cámara nueva estás que te sales.
Me encanta. Felicitaciones!!! Tu imagen fue vista en el grupo:
“Fotografía Atardecer Amanecer”

Congrats!! Your image was seen in the group:
&quot;Sunrise Sunset Photo&quot;!


[http://www.flickr.com/photos/maccias/] Jaja, que cosas tienes :) Lo que pasa que ultiimamente me estan dando unas clasecillas de fotografia. Pero aun queda un largo camino por recorrer... Gracias.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/perikolo/] Gracias por la visita.Preciosa !

 Felicitaciones!!! Tu imagen fue vista en el grupo:
“Fotografía Atardecer Amanecer”

Congrats!! Your image was seen in the group:
&quot;Sunrise Sunset Photo&quot;!


Es demasiado hermoso, Blanca!!

♥♥♥Olá Blanca! Esta imagem está uma coisa maravilhosa, lembra-me um anuncio muito antigo dos cigarros Malboro! Lembras-te ? Perfeita!Preciosa foto !![http://www.flickr.com/photos/31471501@N06/] Muchas gracias.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/angeisa/] Gracias, Ange. Al natural era mas bello aun, a pesar del frio que estaba haciendo, ese cielo transmitia calor.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ruiperdigao/] Coido que son demasiado nova para lembrar esas cousas, Rui, jajaja. Moitas grazas :)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/40102827@N05/] ¡Gracias!molto, molto bella, brava!oooooh! porque non vin esta foto antes??? Este Flickr....
vaia degradado te marcaches!! xenial!.
Si que son da Coruña (adoptado claro) así que xa sabes se algún día te pasas por aquí avisa!!!
Encántame estas fotos de siluetas!Muy bonito el negro de arriba y abajo aporta una sensación de tranquilidad y atardecer Africano increible jeje[http://www.flickr.com/photos/buonaventura42/] Molto grazie!

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/roibradbury/] Moitas grazas, Roi. Flickr é así, jaja. Estou segura que este verán poderemos quedar e facer belas fotos da túa terra :)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44665616@N02/] Me alegro que te guste, Jorge. Lo tenemos bien cerquita de casa, así que a ver cuándo te pasas por allí a sacar alguna instantánea.Contraluz fantástico! Gostei muito das cores. Parabens!Lovely image![http://www.flickr.com/photos/cascalheira/] Muchas gracias :) Saludos.

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/13071281@N00/] Thanks so much!Vaya, vaya.... esos instantes del atardecer son grandes momentos para confesiones y sentimientos a flor de piel.... el rojo ayuda mucho.
La lección de cromoterapia está genial!!! También se dice en el mundo del deporte que los equipos con colores rojos en el uniforme suelen ser los más agresivos!

Es un atardecer increíble... para haberlo visto!!!!This is really fantastic. Great lines and contrast range, along with such soft light.The land that time forgot.......beautiful Trevor!Stunning!Beautiful rimstone dams and trees.When did you find the time for a trip to Mars?Love the atmosphere the fog gives this place. Like Sarah says, otherworldly. :-)awesome.I never thought of doing this in monochrome, but it looks great that way...This is killer man. I'm digging everything about this one...This is really awesome. I like the depth. Something not so common from the shots from this place. -retzer
------------
www.retzercariaga.comHi, I'm an admin for a group called Scenics &amp; Wilderness (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Stunning textures mate!! The b&amp;w conversion fits like a glove in this one

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called [ Wonders of Nature ], and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wonderful atmosphere,b/n and textures!Favolosa.un dream!Amazing scene! Perfectly composed...

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)what an awesome scene!!Surreal and beautiful!

ArpadYes, the fog adds an eerie glow to this... nice.. =]Superb beautiful scenery and beautifully captured.Great mood, amazing shot!are you sure this is on planet earth?!
looks fantastic!Love the atmosphere, brilliant work my friendAmazing capture and work!



Thanks for sharing your masterpiece here!
 *Scenics &amp; Wilderness* Gallery (Invite Only)Very alien looking place and a great comp.Great black and white image!Love it man!! I'm dyin to see this for myself one of these days!Really nice B&amp;W ! Congrat'great work . wonderful captureOH yeah.  I NEED to see this someday.  It's magic!otherworldly, trev...another fave, my friendWow... that looks like somewhere quite special.Good morning my friend and very good shot i see. Bravo.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the month...espectacular ... uf... :-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EmpyreanLand/Cityscapes-INVITE+15FAVES, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellent picture ... greetings from vienna ..My previous post 

What a beautiful and peaceful night.
You captured that atmosphere.Bellissime le sfumature di quest'alba.Maravillosa!!B E A U TI F U L !!!!!! Love the colors.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful Shot. Wonderful Composition.Superb - have a great week!

Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Search the Best...Invited Photos Only. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.


--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)a lovely blue hour shot with this POV
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful morning twilighty blues!!!
love the colours!!!Beautiful capture!!!Beautiful image !


Nice Shot!!!Please post the excellent photo at
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer ParadiseBreathtaking as always Andrea... :D--
Seen in

SearchTheBest

--
Seen in the group&quot;Search the Best...Invited Photos Only&quot; ( ?² )Beautiful shot!Once again a great photo! 
Good week my friend  
With my friendship



--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)superb.....Great colors!Really Wonderful!Great shot, fabulous ;-)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5) 
Photographer ParadiseBeautiful morning blue hour!Bellissima!Meravigliosamente bella

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)

攝影人天堂(Post 1 Award 5)
Photographer ParadisebeautifulBeautiful - love the sky.
Nice work!

Seen on Fluidrlove the colours in the sky and the lights in the lower right side. great capture :)Molto bella. Bravo!Colori ed inquadratura splendidi!
Bravissimo.YaLba elmodel &lt;333 , 3thabe betho ;) !
ilove you :* , gonna miss you fdaitch :&quot;(&lt;/3&lt;3 it♥ ____ ♥&lt;333Fabulous &lt;&quot;&quot;3Raw3a•&lt;3Cheeeze ;p 
lol ;**ya lba elmodle :$ ,, a3sh8iiccccch :** 
mybetho:كـل يـوم و كـل يـوم آنـت غيـر فـي عيـني !!-ee walla 2na need rest shwai ;PpLove youh :$Ya Lba almodel bssRHA ★
yalbaa kliich adore you and gonna miss you more ='Shoshness ♥♥
a777777777bch yb33d hlii 2ntii (L)Classic
as i do[M&amp;A] ©
yalbaa 8lbsh


A7biichLOVEulovely 


Allah Y7f‘9Ch &lt;33
A7biiiiCh ;$ ! ~


Love.km all (L)__(L)Well done :DY5leech raby =)Thanq all =)- 

 
&lt;33ThanqA55 lba 8lb w Ro7 w 3sh8 w jmal w 5bal w 7b Bouthintii ;$
A77777777777777bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiccccccccccccch !!
wala enii ya Betho A7bch w a3sh8ch w amoot fech w atnfs hwach w athoob fech w ma a3esh al.dnia doonch w kl Shii Eee wana A7bch 8d al.sma w 8d al.b7r 8d al.97ari al.shas3a w 8d 7baat al.m6r w 8d al.hwa2 al.6l8 w al.koon w al.3aalm w kl Shi fe al.7yaat al.jmeela ya jmeelti entii ;*

Sh5,Sh5 ♥'z A7la w ajml Betho &lt;3ugggggggh you gonna kill me ya  sh5 sh5 ya7loo kalaamch i relly love you coz i love your comment it's full of love looooooooooove you ya5blaa -0- hhhhhhhhh a3sh888chya lbeeeeeeeeeeeeh My Beeeeeeeeeethooooooo ya 3sslaa w a7la al.jmeelaat A55 Ma adrii leesh A7bch hl 8d ya beethho , akeed mswya leei S777r 3shan a9eer Craazy feeeeeech @@ well done ;Dناااااايس والله 
حبيت الصورة والله 
عجيبة 
عساج ع القوة فديتجGdBro(Y)Cool Bro
Love Al.modleHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le coin des photogaphes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


NICeeniCe

,,Nice
 Resst wlla strraa7a  mn zmman maa
 mll'33t Misss you Lovee youu ya 566 (LL)Take All The Rest You Need 7yatii ♥♥
Looooooove U Soooooooooooooooo Much Betho &lt;33 
Really A7biccccch Froom My Heart :**
Miiiis U  A Loooooooot  7biibty (L)_(L)
BTW: W7shtny Lmtch :$TôLo Shôsha ♥
a555 mast77ml mtaa ashoofchMK ♥
3sssl malla'3tch but miss her wallla miss your malla'3a hhhhhTotα ♥
hhhhhhhh miss you tooThanq alllaba almadle anna a3sh8aa :*
shno amoot feech &lt;33 !بحبـــــــك **
Niiiice Beeth :OFoofness ♥♥ 
w ana b3dd a333sh8ch yab33d halii wallaThanq =DLove'CHrooo la classe. minimal, mais epique!Merci Sparth ! 
Il est vrai que parfois avec peu, on donne tant en image !This is definitively a Ooh! La La picture

~Seen in Ooh! La La pictures group~  Pour le plaisir d'être dans le groupe  French-Français de Flickr.la &quot;matière&quot; qui ressort sur le ponton est trop belleLe contraste des matières est très attirant ! Cela me fait percevoir le mouvement de l'eau sous le ponton rigide.Minimaliste mais très réussi !I agree, this is definitively an artwork!!!and my comment deserve a fave!!


&quot;Fave moi France&quot; group (post 1 - Fave and Comment 3)preciosa luz y gran uso de la viñeta!!oh terrific tones! and wonderful smoothness of the water... the framing makes it even more interesting. great work!wow
j'aimea lesson in composition. great workGreat impact and depth in this shot. I like it.
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthje trouve qu'il se passe un truc dans tes photos depuis quelques temps Franck. 
Comme si tu t'étais affranchi d'une pression, ou d'un poids ... je te sens &quot;plus libre&quot;.
J'adore la tournure que ton travail est en train de prendre en tout cas :)Et bien... je suis touché Emma. Merci de partager ainsi ton ressenti. C'est très important pour moi. ;)jolis détails sur le bois!!oui, très jolies les couleurs, et pourtant, cette photo sous-entend peut êtres des pensées bien plus sombres, bravoYa me contaras como las procesas, bonitas bonitas  estas dos ultimas.  I Think this is Art ! AWARDThat is beautiful.esta me gusta un poco más  I Think this is Art ! AWARD

interesting!
love this series:)  I Think this is Art ! AWARDFantástica...
Digna del portfolio de David Burdeny...
ME encanta.Una gozada, tan simple y tan bonita...
SaludosMe gustan las dos, pero esta me parece un alarde de virtuosismo
FelicitacionesBeautiful simple composition, like this a lot!!!Fantástica!..
Saludos, amigo.BeautifulWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Images with Filters y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.


--
Vista en tu galer&iacute;a. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Waterscapes overtime with a unique styleverga panita!!!!!! otra obra de arte.... puedo estar horas observándola...Nice minimalist shot, love the high-key look and long exposure :-)Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado The Neighborhood Ecologist y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Very nice...tranquil.well done

Wow - great piece of live art!!!beautifulhow cool!superbNow that is cool!

--
(Spied whilst rummaging through my contacts' photos)That's so interesting and the blue works so wekk with the green.Great capture of great art! The blues &amp; greens are fantastic!gorgeous.Dit is heel wonderlijk en terecht dat je het eerste beeld 'uitlegt' in de volgende beelden, zou dit ook graag in het echt willen zien !! Prachtig!

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. (?)Wat een bizar effect geven die draden. erg mooi vastgelegd!interesting capture…!!a unique conceptwow, I am totally in awe Hanny, I love these colors &amp; the series....you are so creative.....original...Heb wel even bij je info moeten spieken.............snapte er eerst absoluut geen hout van............dacht dat je filmrolletje had vast gezeten of zo!!!!.................Wat een te gek kunstwerk zeg............Klasse vondst hoor!!

JanwillemFantastic capture. Blue &amp; green colors looks awesome here.Mooi vastgelegd...en ik herkende meteen 't Museumplein!!!Stunning colours!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I ♥ Amsterdam, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

I'll have to check that thing out when it's dark outside   :)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Beautiful!Beautiful athmospheric image!Just simply wonderfulneat.what a striking and magical image!
one could say electric!De steden moeten vol met laserlichtinstallaties. Heel boeiend.Prachtig licht zo !!Wat een prachtige serie, die kleuren zijn ongelooflijk. A7la Firrsst &lt;333 ;)
Itjanin al 9ora 0.0
abda3teee 
wl Ediit Jnannnz &lt;333

A7biiccccch KTEEE'3 :pA7ibiich;*Awesome ! Gracias ;)2yjnn il ediit :*N!C~yay! &lt;3 itGreat Tslmoon lee (A) !

яαω3α mn 8lb Ebdaa3 * ebdaa3 }},,♥ 
••
Oo wayeed ηι¢є el pic }},,♥
••
Oo євɗα3 × євɗα3 }},,♥
••
tislam el 2yadi el 7ιℓωσα }},,♥


][™Mr.ToYoTA™][ &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;{{{{{WaaaaS Here}}}}

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/al-n3imi577/4337757641/]
 
• Cǿmment &amp; ŋǿt ., Dǿn't just Vîєω PLz ., (k) ~


Lovely mashallah !!MAC &lt;333 ;p Love's it 
well done :) Tslmoon lee ;$lovely
Cool

    |~      

     آستغفـر اللـہ   3jeba &lt;3abd3tiiAmazing =D

&lt;33 it ~!
 
xpحلوة الحركة
والفوكس رهيبب
=)waaaaw CoOl &lt;33 Tslmoon ;)Walla 7elo shino hi 3dam ilThiga
Tlganha a7la Shot in ur photostream (A)Noon'z - i'll take that as a complement (A) !Liked the edit so much &lt;3 Thnks 7bebtti ;)klh ana a5r mn y3lm -_- !رووعه الصوره
الفوكس حلوه
يسلم الاياديwow 7abiet il colour 
also i have the same pink colour =Ppروووع ــــــــــه 


^.*
&lt;33 foshey (L) !
ahm shaaay hal 2shya2 ;Psweet shot &lt;3نايس بكجر 
ابدعتي الصراحه على قلبي والله

دووم في هل البداع يارب 
ربي يسلم هل اياادي الحلووين

روووووعه الصووره
ابليز كوومنت+نووت مي اذا ممكن
Niice one hun Tslmoon lee ;) Fdeeetich 
 Magdaaar insa !! memories
 abt the pic !! Looove it !! 
 oo Faaveed already !! 7beeethaaa ;*
Miss you =(Omgg !! 
7aaabaaaiitt-ha wallah @@&quot;
w Loon ilRouge ;$ Damn!!
A7is Steaming HAWTTT ;*
Anyways YA 3ASAAALLL!!! 
AWAL SHAY IM MISSING YOU 7AAIILLL!!! :'[
BA3DAIN ;p -- Keeeepp It High :*
I Love You o:)niiice Gracias ;)Raw3a&lt;3lyAmazing&lt;33 Gracias ;$ Amaziiing PiC &lt;3

FAV &lt;3333 ahm shaay 

raw3aa abd3tiii Thankss ;)LOVE MAKE UP !! &lt;3 
Nawaryah { BurthdayGurl } 
yaa labiihhappy birthday to her &lt;3A7bkm both&lt;3Happy Birthday to her &lt;3 , love you :*


Nawaryah ;
H.B.D 
38baal 56454365446326356425 Year Anshalla 
Enjooy Ur Day Sweety .,, 
Sweet 14 Baby
Hope 2 See Ur Sweet Face ;) 


Ur's Almarri ..Happy birthDay&lt;33happy birthday &lt;3 ya lba aly kbro ;O
ilove you ya jmeelh (L)happy burthday:).
great edit. 
Thanks All &lt;3 
Awwwwh love youuuh Both &lt;3 
Happyburthday 7yuti nwaryah &lt;3&lt;3Happy Birth day 2 her
LOVEu Both *=1st♥
MZMZ ;'OOO
Fdaitch Ana myAll&lt;3 i'm Speachless wallah :'''''
mat89reen 7bebti , mn youmch mat89reen ♥♥♥ 
dunno how to express ma feelining's !!
'3ali.. w tswa mn '3latk 3yooni **
really am so lucky cause i have a FANTASTIC Friend like you
i want to thank you ma SOUL for everything you have done for me..♥
i cant live a moment without you Snoopya ♥
cause you are the one that understand me in hold me when i need
Losing you is like living in a world with no air :&quot;&quot; 
o thanks thanks thanks alot for wishing me a happy birth day
ma89rti my Heart youh made my Day fe 'dmtii ♥♥ 
3sani mn7rm mnch ♥ loveya =** 
Shahooda &amp; Lady,Dana ; Adore'youh &lt;3Happy Sweet BurthDay ;') 
Nawaryah ; 7beeeeeebti ;O walla youh Don't Need to Thank ;O&lt;3, ya J3lni Fdwa , 
Ana A'3leek Ana Kly Hwaa Feek ♥♥♥ , 7yaati wallah your The Real Friend &lt;3 , wla An7rm Mnch &lt;3 , 
w Be Sure That i &quot;Adore'youh&quot;&lt;3&lt;3;* 


Ya Labiih w Labiih w Labbbiiiih 3la 8alby wallah &lt;3 &lt;3
Happy BirthDay To Here (^^)
Fdeeet ilModil ana ;**
Baby MZMZ ; ودي آغمــض وآآآفــتتتتــح آلعــييين وآلقــآآآآآك (LLL)
Sure bdon Kalam FAV L3yoon ilModil w L3yoonch ;**

A7bbbbbbch :)  !!!yaa labiih 

Fdeet El model Ana ;***

FAV L3yoonch ;)yaa raw3aaa ;)

H.B.D;**,,!
Looove Youh Mzoonah &lt;33 (Ll)

 
Thanks All &lt;3 
 happy birthdaaay to her (L)!.. may all her wishes came true &lt;3!
fdaait iLbirthday Girll bssss (kkk)! amouut feeha, w she deserve more and morre .. w 7baaaait iL9ouuura mn 8uulbbb , favvved l3younch ;) .yaa lbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbah albirthday Girl ana &lt;3
Happy Birthday To Noona al7lllwa ;**
38baaaaaaaaaaaal 1000000000000 Snaaah ;* 


Lovhhhhhhhhha wallla ;**mashallah , rbe y7f'6h .
H.B.D to her 
very beautiful shot , =)HBD 2 her (^)hbd♥♥
favedshfeech aah :@ 
why tms7een your shots
they are amazing ♥♥

hbd to hercute mashalla ~ 
Thanks All &lt;3&lt;3;* 
Happy birthday to her &lt;333
...
H.B.D 2 Her
well Done
Awesome al shootH.B.D to her  &lt;33333happy birthday to her 

&lt;3333 
happy birthday nawaryah &lt;33;**
- 
- Amaz!nG
- n!!ce p!!c keep it up 
- 2bdaa3 mashalla &lt;33333***
- 
-comment me pleez  :(
Ooh Nawaryah Happy BirthDay babe'h (^^^^) A7bbbbk &lt;33333
Amazing shoot Mzoon &lt;3 keep it Up ;pya lba il.birthday girl ;*** &lt;3HBD
explored ;D
Nawaryah ; ya lbaa al.BurthDayGirl anaa , ya rouu7i 3la eli kbroo
HappyBurthDay ya Gulbi 38baaal 927487298310978 sna 
awwwh ya lbaa my snoopya ana ,, iLove Youh ktheer ktheer MyMZMZ ,3sa rbi y5leech l3yoony wla y7rmni mnch ya Gulby
Missing youuh aloooooote babeh , walla i cant wait more ;(
aaa5 ya rouu7i walla need 2 see you'r face al.jmeel , mwa7Cutey :*AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaCuuute !!Nice 
Adore'youh &lt;3:* 
Wow !!fantastic &lt;3lovely &lt;3




*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» 
яǒÖǒ3ǻ..... ~㋡
keep it up ...... ~㋡
ďØoм fə alβďά3..... ~㋡
cOмMεnt &amp; Note me Plllllz..»»» ♥


سبحآن اللـہ وبحمدهـ 
*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•`»»» ♥&lt;333lovely drawing + colouring &lt;3Nice &lt;3
love youh ;**Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Professional Photographer's, and we'd love to have this added to the group!&lt;3fdaaaaait 7arfiiii
btw
3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + note
perfect one sweety
&lt;3 it 7lwah colors ♥♥raw3a ya glbi
for ever enshalla ;*Nice Drawing ♥&lt;3Yjjjnn&lt;3 yaaaay .. so lovely &lt;3Nice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~ 
Fav akeeed ;**Mwa7 :&quot;)&lt;33 itاللله

ناااااااااااايس

حلوووه الكتابه

^_~ Allah la yfrgkm Enshallah
w Doom togather ;)!
Ed.Hardy ♥ Classic ,,
Btw alpic Ma 3leha klaam , dam feha Ed.Hadry and Classic ;**
Favfnana :)SoO NICE ;)


                  F a v ,.   =Pp



 ليِيْت ڪَل البشّشْر يشْبهُووٌنْڪ &quot; ~  ; .. ♥amazingAmazing Sweety ., FAVAmazing &lt;33♥&lt;3 7lwo Al rsm ;*
Love it &lt;3Adore'youh &lt;3:*Very creative !nice pic 
comment me =Daldrawing fnnnnnn &lt;3;)raww3a huni ;*G.reat =)faave B3di 3leeky ya ed hardy ;)) !

♥♥
FAvd~
Wow &lt;3il.idea ktha (Y) :O&lt;3 itBest Letter ;D&lt;3☆┌─┐　─┐☆
　│▒│ /▒/
　│▒│/▒/
　│▒ /▒/─┬─┐ 
　│▒│▒|▒│▒│ 
┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘ 
│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│
└┐┌┘
　└┐▒▒▒┌┘


wOOOOOOw
niCe..
Raw3a ..~
comment + nooooooooootLove'km(L)___(L)

like it 
FAVLovely ♥♥ILY &lt;3

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرYa fdeeeeeeeet klha ana &lt;3 
A7bkooom (L)(L)(L)! !rww3aa&lt;3itRaw3aa Anshallaa Doom fe hl abdaa3 sisii =**
Amazing.. amazinG !awww . 3sa allah ma yfr8 benkum =''')
.....

Elcolors ;O , like itfnana&lt;33 احلى شي حرفي الجميل
تسلم ايدينج Great Job !
liked it mn 9jj
allah y5aliiikm L Ba3'9 inshallah ;** keeeeeeep it uploading and dnt stop ;Plovely !! ;P(L)raw3aaa il.pic &lt;33&lt;3 the photo
and thewords !!!
keep it up
7llllwa ♥♥amazing O ya LBA glb my classic ana &lt;3333
a7bkm both ;** Soo Nice  ,,
Abda3ty ,,raw3aa  alpic
3sa  alla  la  efr8kom  3n  b3'9
faav  ljl  3yoonch &lt;33
la  wa9ech   nbi  anshoof  alcommentnice


comment me ;**N!!!c P!!!c 

Doom Fl 3laly =)God blesskm 2 each other ;) Faved&lt;3*´¨)
¸.•´¸.•*´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•` (¸.•` ^_* 

??? ( `? على قلبي والله ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? نايس بكجرررر ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `? روووووووعــهـ ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. تسلم الايااادي والله .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?..يعطيهم مليووون عااافيه .. ? ` ) ??? 

??? ( `?.. في قمت الابدااااع والله.. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?.. F A  V .. ? ` ) ???

??? ( `?.. كومنت مـــي  بلبــز  .. ? ` ) ???╬═♥╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬═♥╬
╬♥═╬ 
╬♥═╬ 
╬═♥╬ 『 WOW ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 Great work ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 This is so FAB ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 keep going .. =) 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬ 『 Best work ever ! 』 
╬═♥╬ 
╬═♥╬ 
╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬╬♥═╬


........♥#########♥
.....♥#############♥
...♥###############♥
..♥#################♥..................♥###♥
..♥##################♥..........♥#########♥
....♥#################♥......♥#############♥
.......♥################♥..♥###############♥
.........♥################♥################♥
...........♥###############################♥
..............♥############################♥
................♥#########################♥
..................♥######################♥
....................♥###################♥
......................♥#################♥
........................♥##############♥
...........................♥###########♥
.............................♥#########♥
...............................♥#######♥
.................................♥#####♥
...................................♥###♥
.....................................♥#♥
.......................................♥


~{ واااااااااااااااو !♥!

~{ ناااااااايس بكجر !♥!

~{ ابداااااع +بداااااع !♥!

~{في قمت الروووووعه !♥!

~{ على قلبي والله ربي يحفطم !♥!

~{ تسلم الايااادي والله !♥!

~{ يعطيهم الف الف الف عااافيه !♥!

~{ ياروحي عليهم الله !♥!

~{ وعلى بدعاتهم الروووعه !♥!

~{ ولا تحرومنا من ابداعاتكم !♥!

~{ كيب اااااااااب ااااااات!♥!

~{ فوووووق صوووب النجووم!♥! 
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/5147717/4318941369]
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
كومنت مي بليز+نووووت ...اهم شي النووت هااNiiiiiiiiice Mashalla &lt;333
Keep Going
Comment Me plzzz + Note Wow !!
9iij Rw3aa xD
-Fav A&lt;3نــــآيــس !! 

وربي ابداااع ^_^

كومنت لاهنتي ^_^3ajeeba @@il.A &lt;33333&lt;333 iT ;DBeautifull !..مصوره

وخطاطه

ورسامه

صج فنانه

الله يوفقك يامبدعهRaw33a

Niice

&lt;33

comment me plezZ ~&lt;3333333333*




 Niice ..!
Keep it up ..!
Of caurse F.A.V&lt;3Ahhh, this song is LOVE :*******
what a wonderful world &lt;3333333
and the shot even amazes me *_*Hi, I'm an admin for a group called il ROSETO  *Post 1: Comment 2* , and we'd love to have this added to the group!love this &lt;3*________*&lt;3Grazie per aver condiviso questo scatto con noi
Thank you for sharing your picture with us.


www.flickr.com/groups/788777p08/

Visto in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Seen in il ROSETO - *Post 1: Comment 2*
Please tag your shot: &quot; il ROSETO &quot;love :&quot;)i saw your mom in d' hospital 3end salem:P now i know from where u got your beauty ;)&lt;333 !Wowness &lt;3great.&lt;3 &lt;333beautifuL ♥♥great(y)
favedallah ♥♥ 3jbtnyy *.*gracias all :*
Karma-Police thank you so much&lt;3
LEON ubaih i was gunna come i swear :O LOve iT ;*Liked the focus and the roses colour &lt;3 Well doneb7biikk :*el roose &lt;333
&amp; el lyriics so amaziin 
love el song aloot even if its old :)!!Fantastic *&lt;3 itNice pic wallah &lt;33
Keep it up 
Hope 2 C more 
Comment me plz ~gorgeous
amazing ....Nocha's type &lt;3:*amazing shotFav*i love the focus here&lt;3lovelyA777777777b roses &lt;333
Miss youh :(The Kubota ATV offers a great way to explore the woods.  I had to keep covering up the camera because the snow kept flying inside when we would pass the branches.  We should have bought the model with doors, I guess.

Wow.  Such a powerful image.  The quote is great too!OMG---that is a spectacular capture---looks like you really had fun yesterday!!  Great minds think alike---I called mine Solitude too!!Awesome!I love this one.  Perfect composition and the quote is wonderful!wow! love the solitude tree.. that is beautiful! :-)  
looks like you had fun venturing out!So true, so true.  Stark and beautiful, Doris.Superb shot. Love the lone tree, sky and snow. Just beautiful.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)love the solitary tree.  beautifully captured.  i like your mode of travel....Pure Winter MAGIC..!! Super photo..!!Damn Doris!  This is amazing...instant fave....

Jo and I are heading out your way today to shoot, I hope I can do as well...
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )--


Please tag &quot;Artistic Treasure Chest&quot;nice shotSuperb photo, superb title.beautiful winter scene/capture!All great winter shots!
Love the snowy tree &amp; how the trunk is covered as well!Very Beautiful!!!!WOW!!! The PErfect Capture of this subject!!.Well DoneI've always thought the same thing! I imagine trees being individuals with personalities just like people! Everyone is different! Beautiful capture!Wonderful composition.Beautiful composition, a stunning success!What a perfect shot!  It's a wall hanger ;-)  It would be a nice tree to 'follow thru the seasons'.  Do you know what type it is?What a nice presentation.  The photo and quote work so well together.  Very nice.what a dreamy capture Doris........this scene is so captivating, surreal in a sense........so pure, so serene.......

( I explained the set up in my description Doris, thanks....)gorgeous doris!I drove around for an hour Saturdau to try and get an image like this.
This is an instant favorite for me:)A beautiful lonely tree..Simple and crisp!  Nice vehicle to get around in.

Please tag &quot;Artistic Treasure Chest&quot;gorgeous winter landscape shot !!!


Excellent



Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!



Nicely done!


BEautiful!





Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Commented &quot;Good Composition&quot;, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great tree photo! 
You are invited to post at:
 
Tree Subject - Invited Photo Only 
Please add tag &quot;TreeSubject&quot;Wonderfully simple, but effective!


Bonita perspectiva.

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Espectacular composicion.Una composición espectacular. Muy bien captados esos puntos d fuga
un abrazo y buena semanaComo dice marya, espectacular, según la he mirado he pensado, que limpia................Preciosa composición. Le debo una visita a este lugar desde hace un par de años.Muy buena foto Antonio Menuda profundidad has logrado con la perspectiva
Un abrazosiempre nos deja grandes tomas la ciudad de las artes.Bonita, bonita amigo, te has lucido
BesosHermosa toma.Bonita perspectiva y una nitidez fantastica.Vaya imagen más pulcra y bien encuadrada.La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Vaya escaparate nos has brindado, que bien compuesta está.

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Unos Colores brillantes. Me gusta.

Un saludo.

Bonita composición, colores bien conseguidos, naturales.
Es una de mis visitas pendientes...... Esta foto me pone los dientes largos.....
Saludos Antonio.Buena compo, Antonio. Me parece un grupo de edificios realmente espectacular. Saludos.Preciosa Boss , una maravilla de tonos , La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Muy guapa.muy buena esa profundidad.Ole Antonio.... Que maravilla de encuadre y definición. Que belleza de foto. Te felicito.

Un abrazo.con el color del agua del cileo de las nubes cualquiera diria que esta echa el 5-1 !!!
casi hasta apetece un baño !!!jejeje
MUY BUENA !!!
un abrazoPreciosa, tanto la compo como los colores¡¡¡. (Joer mira que t has ido lejos a por vino :-PPPP)
La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Unos colores con... ciencia. Preciosa de composición y encuadre.
Un saludoTremenda perspectiva y profundidad. Me gustan los reflejos y sobre todo la luz de la imagen.
Un saludo.Bonita toma de la Ciudad de las Artes y las Ciencias. Fijate que será uno de los sitios más fotografiados, pero con esta compo nunca la había visto.

Un saludoEstupenda perspectiva de esas fantásticas obras arquitectónicas.
Últimamente te vemos poco por aquí, seguro que estás muy ocupado, te echamos de menos.
Saludos Antonio.Fabulosa... me encanta la prespectiva... los colores... todos... una maravilla!!.-

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
No tienes perdón... ¡le voy a decir a Olympus que te castigue! ¡Tú en Valencia y sin decirme nada! ¡Te matooooooooooo!

Por cierto... ¡guapa foto!

La Bodeguilla considera que tu foto es de gran belleza, y
extraordinaria destreza, fotos así hacen grande este arte.



PULSA EN EL LOGOTIPO PARA VER TODAS
LAS FOTOS PREMIADAS EN EL EXPLORE
Excelente composicion.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado :)  . y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

EXCELENTE COMPOSICION.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado RecoilX (P1/C3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

EXCELENTE COMPOSICION.Magnífica compo y luz. Se nota que has bajado por aquí, porque nos ha venido un frio zamorano, que vamos.  Supongo que habrás disfrutado porque es un lugar para emborracharse...fotografiando.Un lugar bien fotogénico, para dedicarle un buen rato. Te quedó genial.

Saludos.Maravilhoso(a) !!!
Visto no:

 The RecoilX group
Favor tag &quot;Recolix&quot;.Maravilhoso(a) !!!
Visto no:

 The RecoilX group
Favor tag &quot;Recolix&quot;.amazing!! i love it!! i was a vikings fan....and i'm still heartbroken over the loss, and i'm also from ohio - so i'm voting on the colts, since they're my neighbors in IN - and i can't cheer-on the saints b/c they beat my boys!!Perfect shot of this beautiful Golden Eagle. Nice choice of BG for today....this is stunning. 
My husband is hoping the Saints win too.Isn't it the Colts against the Saints? I say, go COLTS haha! :)) Beautiful tribute!Beautiful work!Gorgeous shot!Beautiful! I feel like i should salute or something, lol
(as for the dad comment, i could probably grow a fine moustache if i really wanted to ;))beautiful - they won!!I wish I was New Orleans.This is a Most Excellent Work!
Please add to Most Excellent!
 
 Most Excellent 
Am loving your image, nice work, please join usI feel as if I should stand and salute!  Very well done!Go saints!Very effective background!  Nice work!Excellent!I like the expression on the eagles face... it looks very deep, he looks almost sad...... nawwww now i wanna cuddle him.Great shot, all American!I will attempt getting to all my contacts (I try to keep them under 160).  I will leave the same message today because you all amaze me at your subject matter and expertise in photography.  I can never get to all of you even on a weekly basis, and I apologize for that.  Just know that when I leave this comment, I appreciate and respect your talent always and am enjoying what I see.nagyon fasza:)Great work this is amazing!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)wooowwi wanted the saints to win....i'm over peyton manning :p plus it was the first time for the saints! 
fabulous image and i like the background!awesome work....Wow this is gorgeous too!Seen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)love it

This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!   EXCELLENT!!, SEEN IN :

  Diamond Stars (Post 1 Give 3 diamonds) YOU ARE A POPULAR PHOTOGRAPHER!!!

Seen in Flickr Popular Photographer 

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5FANTASTIC EAGLE, SMART IDEA! 
congrats, 
MARIA FERNANDA

This is a stunning image, congratulations!
www.flickr.com/groups/natureplus/
2 photo each day, Post 1: Award 5 I saw this wonderful photo in HIDDEN TREASURE GROUP
 
 HIDDEN TREASURE POST 1 AWARD 3Beautiful framed and nice perspective. Very nice shot!verry nice shot.... good capture... :-)
regards
ravindraI like the perspective here and the way the balloons echo the blossoms in the trees.  Very nice shot!beautiful and brilliant colors. all of themFine!Beautiful warm tone and excellent composition!!This is fantastic , ballons have come so sharp .If he turns around, you will find an E.T. in the basket :)Superb shot !Love the tones here.

--
Seen in the group&quot;Hyderabad Photography Club (HPC)&quot; (?)Badhiya hai and such warm lite RenuPretty awesome. beautiful tones and feel to the image.If some loads make others happy, that load becomes automatically light isn't it :) Nicely framed shot.It feels so nice to see this..!this is so dreamy~Great capture! Beautiful colours!Beautiful photo!!What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Bello, bellissimo scatto! Davvero.Lovely shot!look like vietnam
nice shotAwesome!What a great capture - what a big (if not heavy!) load!have a great week ahead my friends!so beautiful atmosphere!!Marvelous work Andrea! have a great Sunday night!Καταπληκτική δουλειά Ανδρέα!Ανδρέα, τέλεια η δουλειά σου σε αυτή την φωτογραφία! Απλά τέλεια!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )This is fantastic, beautiful work, perfect!καταπληκτική!!!very very atmospheric..moody, quite melancholic, in short, wonderful!Πολύ όμορφη ιδέα... Μυστηριακή ατμόσφαιρα και φως !!!!likeΚαταπληκτική φωτό, υπέροχη επεξεργασία....!!!!
Καλή εβδομάδα....Ωραία επεξεργασία και θέμα !!Φοβερη δουλεια Ανδρεα, απο τις καλυτερες σου !! Υπεροχο το texture !!Καταπληκτική !!nice composition!Ετσι ειναι εκπληκτικη,υπεροχη συνθεση!!!!!!!!!!!!....!...eye-catching photography...


Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)fantastic one!!!!μας έστειλες!Εξαιρετική!!!!!!!!
Μπράβο!!!!!!!!great image... 

Seen on FluidrExcellent work!!!Πολύ ταιριαστός τίλος...
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )KAΔΡΑΤΟ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Excellent!!!!!!!!Υπέροχη, Ανδρέα, πολύ καλή δουλειά!ευχαριστούμε!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¨:))))))a href=&quot;http://www.flickr.com/groups/ysplixblack-/&quot;&gt;  This is a B/W masterpiece!!!
Accept this symbolic ancient prize and admit your photo 
to a noble contest among the finest in: Ysplix Black
and please remember to tag this photo YsplixBlackΠολύ ενδιαφέρουσα άποψη!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome !!!!!!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Amazing...This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! gorgeous!!!!This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! This image was viewed in 

Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! A well framed story!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Greek Photographers -Ελληνες Φωτογράφοι, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

ΦΟΒΕΡΗ Ανδρεα ***Wonderful capture Andrea!
Una buona giornata!It's a wonderful effect ! 8)Thanks ufopilot!A fabulous effect of the light!!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Thank you pearceval! William is just so stunning this Winter!it is a magic effect Lori, not something I have ever managed or would know how to do. High quality image.Wow, absolutely sublime Lori, amazing light effect...I would try it, if we ever got any sun here lol :-))Incredible reflections have this picture!One of your finest !! Just breath taking.Are you serious about the settings on your camera??????  Are you shooting all these on automatic?  ARRRGGHH!!!  I guess that should tell me that the camera is smarter than I am--just let it do its work!  Your exposures are always very good  especially trying to shoot high contrast like this and so much white in all of them. This is just beautiful.  And its not just the 'blackination'.  Its the glorious blues on the breast--from cobalt to ultramarine, I would say.  Very, very nice.Truly beautiful and dramatic.Tim (it's very simple. You just play with the angle, and tilt the camera down against the sun), Fifi (i'm laughing but i know those gloomy days, so i really shouldn't. It works well with flowers too), Fandrade, Phiddy, Sarah (yup. Just point and shoot, lol) and Martha ~ thank you so much! You guys are the most wonderful commenters (sure it's a word!)Excellent! I LOVE this image! Perfectly captured!

This is gorgeous
fav
can't believe you do all your work with point and shoot- aweseome.   What do you mean tilt the camera down against the sun?   Is the sun behind the camera?  I just love your work-- awesome.iloverealestate (thanks for the invite!) and Louise (i just realized i didn't say where the sun was, lol! Yes, the sun is behind you, and your subject in front of you. Isn't it amazing i can use a camera at all???) ~ thank you for your very kind comments. It's an amazing little camera. Most days i love it. Some days i want to wing it across the pond.wonderful, how did you do it??????????? oh i see above. your shots are awesome. I swear YOU are my swan QUEENAww, thank you Kelly! You are sweet (if i can do it anyone can, lol).This is a strong 11/10.. Beautiful Lori..I really think you are becoming more and more talented with your new camera, Lori.  I mean I just sat here for like 5 minutes in a trance, studying this stunning photo.  I do believe it is one of your very best.  That's not to take away from all your wonderful previous work, but you just seem to be taking 'out-of-this-world' beautiful photos day after day after day, lately!This is awesome Lori!!!woodlice, nancy and Betty ~ Wow! Thank you so so much! Wow!I envy your ability....I hate my point and shoot or anything with the LCD screen.  I've tried everything, hood, taped on filter and then I need my &quot;readers&quot; on to see what's on the screen!!! Any camera I can afford has those LCD screens, but I do like being able to just put it in my pocket!
You know how much I love your photos......wonderful shot !This is so beautiful, Lori! I just love white on black!!
Amazing photo, must be one of your best ♥

Please add to White creatures; photos, painted, drawn.
We'd love to have this in the group :)kathleen ~ (you are sweet. It touches me that you love them. I wish you a camera you are blissfully happy with), 嘎哩 and Päivi :) (thanks for the invite!) ~ many thanks for your generous comments!All three of the photos you uploaded today are stunning. Thank you for sharing this beauty with us! :)! ! AWESOME CAPTURE ! !
seen in ~ mANEs &amp;FeATHeRs ~ uP cLOsE ! !

2-3 WINNING PICS DISPLAYED ~WEEKLY ! 

________Absolutey Catches My Eye !!CONGRATS TO YOU FOR WINNING &quot;PICS OF THE WEEK!&quot; 
Displayed In : mANEs &amp; feATHErS _uP cLOsE !


BRAVO !!!! BRAVO !!!!! ____Beauty of a Shot !

OUTSTANDING ...GREAT SHADING LORI !!!!!!!!!!Excellent composition, very good capture
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )It's the right word Lori!! So very lovely and beautiful!!! It's great to see it large on black!
I have an other new word.... Blacklicious!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called I Love Swans  (Post 1 Award 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

out standing quality image taken from the eyes of a true talented photographer, you made an other swan even more beautiful :-)elizalyon (you are sweet), Heidi (thanks for pic of the week!), Durai Raj, Mirthe (oooh, that is perfect! You are so good, you are making NEW English words!!! Please feel better!) and darren (thanks for the invite!) ~ thank you so much! Have a wonderful week!gorgeous shot,great light and lovely detail on the swan
its abit of milk on the teaspoonThank you Daz! (i didn't know they were milk drinkers!)This is a study in lighting!!! If i didn't know any better...I'd say it was taken in a lightbox...lol...or in full studio lights set-up!!! But I see wet jeans and twigs in your hair. : )

Crisp and clear details and a really dark background...this is major blackination!!!! AWESOMENESS!!!I'm not over this one yet...lol 

I was too busy admiring the super crisp edges of the wings on the blackination that I totally missed the other end ...I read Swmnbirder's comment and yeah...she is so right...there are blues too!!!Thanks ScenicShooter, for your blackilicious comments! Do you think it would work with purple???wow, fantastic light and detail!
kudos!!!!!Aww, thank you Charlene!I love your 'blackination' shots and the detail here is wonderful. Great idea on tilting the camera. That shows so much natural talent and imagination, something that you can't get from reading up on photography.Awww, thank you Molly! I'm blushing. xxooLOVE LOVE LOVE

I SAW THIS IN:
 

Shadow &amp; Light Thank you Kelly!Purple yurple... I love purple!  Worth giving it a try...I just can't think of how to get the purple in without altering the tint...the blues on this photo may hold the clue though.how elegant is this photoScenicShooter (that would be wild) and outsidemywindow ~ thank you so much! Swans are so elegant (there's a catchlight in his eye but you have to view large for it. That's the only thing i wish was a bit better.)CONGRATS TO YOU FOR WINNING &quot;PICS OF THE WEEK!&quot; 
Displayed In : mANEs &amp; feATHErS _uP cLOsE !


BRAVO !!!! BRAVO !!!!! ____Beauty of a Shot !Thanks so much terrence!Thank you! Beautiful....wonderful! I also have this book! ;)Thanks so much for sharing!!Beautiful photo! But did you ask the author if you can just copy out her instructions for everyone? It is her copyright on the text, not yours.Hi Fluxx. Thank you for passing by, but I didn't copy the text, I did it by the author and then wrote it here in my on words - of course a TR is always a TR :)So it is your design? 

If you did not violate any copyright, that's great. I just wanted to point out that there are issues - your description sounds like both design and text are from Eaton's book. If you have not copied the text, that's fine. But I don't think you may give away the design, either, even in your own words. Please, run it by the author for permission.quando fazes uns videos no youtube? ;)I have the name of the book on the description. But didn't copied the text. Thank you for your concern.Lol Jacky, um dia destes faco e vais ser a primeira a saber hehe!superb shot
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )beautiful capture.beautiful... 

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;Through the lens : Bangladesh&quot; (?)josh....wonderful focus &amp; captureLovely shot I love the bluish colours of the bird! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful ! Locally it is also called as &quot;Kalim&quot;Ore chobi... Nice clear and sharp shot.. ar Pakhitao khub shundor.WOW!!চোখ ফেরাননো যায়নাWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)a beautiful photoExcellentLovely control of light.wow! this is brilliant!
--
http://www.bebo.com/c/home/index.html (?)thanks ya'll =]Very beautiful shot :)Seen in Closer and Closer Macro Photography

It will look like this: 
Seen in Closer and Closer Macro PhotographyExcellent shot



Planet - EarthSimply Gorgeous.this is beautiful :D!Loving the shade of the colours and the glow, Looks like it could be an album cover!great !!!great shotHeel mooi grijs! Geeft een goed beeld van het weer dit weekend.Erg mooi Dave. Mooi grijs is niet lelijk.Heel mooi......ik heb ook zo&quot;n soort foto gemaakt maar bij mij kon je de overkant niet meer zien !Beautiful simplicity, gorgoeus shot! :)Heel mooi en subtiel!Maar wel een schitterende foto, heel simpel maar veelzeggendvery atmospheric3 kleine eilandjes in de mist , mooi hoor !Ahhhhh, de rust. Heerlijk!
Geweldige compostie, perfect door zijn eenvoud. Zachte kleuren (nou ja, grijstinten dan)
Fantastisch!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Prachtig!Gewoon heel mooi. &quot;Simply the best&quot; of Tina TunerHeel mooi  die kleine eilandjes in een mistige omgeving !
Black &amp; White Art AwardCool... in more ways than one!
Seen next to a fellow photo of the group &quot;Black and White&quot;. (?)
Black &amp; White Art Award
Black &amp; White Art AwardMooi plaat !Werkelijk schitterende compositie!
Een prachtplaat!!!!!
Black &amp; White Art Awardvery simple in composition with strong feeling in high key tone B&amp;W.Wat is dit een geweldige plaat.


www.bramreinders.nl
www.flickr.com/photos/bramreindersvery suitably depressing grey tones...Gefeliciteerd met Explore!Prachtig serene foto. Mooi gebied daar.I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Mooie foto en prachtig bewerkt!
Terecht in Explo.reI like the composition in this wonderful shot.Dit is echt supermooi!!Terrecht in explore!
Mooie weergave.Super shot.this Amazing Work deserves a Crown !

 Royal Group, +21'000 Flickers wear the Crown ! in grande è spettacolare!!!--
this Amazing Work deserves a Crown !

 Royal Group, +20'000 Flickers wear the Crown ! 
--
Seen in the group&quot;     ROYAL Group (Give 2 Awards)  ☮ Have a Good Light !&quot; ( ?² )bellissima!Geometrie perfette!bellissima geometria. bravo.a mio parere ci sarebbe stato bene dal punto di vista compositivo un elemento che rompesse la ripetizione degli elementi proprio per evitare che questo elemento compositivo fosse solo fine a se stesso...

piacevole anche cosi!psichedelicamente attraente !!!

Bravo bellissim luce.
(Io tento sempre di cavarne uno scatto decente dai ponteggi, ma fino ad ora nulla)quanto mi piacciono queste foto incasinate!grandissime geometriaPerfetta geometria! bravissimoComplimenti
Questa è una foto CHALLENGE
Sei invitato a inserirla nel contest &quot;LA FOTO DELLA SETTIMANA&quot; del gruppo
CHALLENGE-SFIDE-CONCORSI

ATTENZIONE: non postarla nel POOL ma nel topic del concorso

Vieni a conoscerlo


meglio di cosìOttimo colpo d'occhio e trattamento !!!
Moooolto bene !il taglio è quello giustoComplimenti sei su explore!!!!bella questa prospettiva lavorativaexcellent rhythm.Fantastic geometry! Great shot!Great shot¡Impresionante y maravilloso trabajo!Otro muy bonito trabajo con texturas además de una magnífica foto!  Saludos...The light in this is fantastic.Me encanta la luz y las texturas, a parte, la foto es preciosa! 

Enhorabuena!!Beautiful. Your photostream is excellent, I really enjoyed looking through it.

Nechtan¡Vamos una santa!
Pero no es cuestión de paciencia: si el resultado es como ésta foto, siempre vale la pena esperarte.El arte no conoce de prisas...
Ya sabes: &quot;Toda buena comida requiere su tiempo&quot;
Un saludo.Un hermoso homenaje. El ambiente romántico con el contraluz y la textura son extraordinarios.A very start of the week, very nice shot and details!!
Please, please post it to  
 
About you 
One the younger and best groups of Flickr!
P1/C2 Sweeper active, Please comment immediately. 
Post here with +5 Award
POST your best and VOTE- the best of the monthAbsolutely beautiful capture; nice work 
Thanks for sharing!Enhorabuena, eres un artitistaWonderful!! Great work!!! Congrats!!!

Wonderful, thank you for posting...
Seen in:
 Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠ 


**** After receiving 5 or more Texture`s infinite book awards post
Your image in our special tread**** 5+awards Lovely texture work, it looks like a painting. I am not sure that the frame adds anything to the overall impression.Beautiful colors,light, tones and textures............love it..........hug!!!Wonderful, thank you for posting...
Seen in: 
 Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠  


**** After receiving 5 or more Texture`s infinite book awards post
Your image in our special tread**** 5+awards 


###

It will look like this:

Wonderful, thank you for posting...
Seen in: 
Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠ 


**** After receiving 5 or more Texture`s infinite book awards post
Your image in our special tread**** 5+awards 









 


###



This is a wonderful work!!! 
Please add your photo to 

Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠
!!! ADD YOUR PHOTOS ONLY WHEN YOU HAVE THE TIME TO COMMENT ON THE PHOTOS OF OTHERS!!!


###

It will look like this:

This is a wonderful work!!! 
Please add your photo to 

Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠
!!! ADD YOUR PHOTOS ONLY WHEN YOU HAVE THE TIME TO COMMENT ON THE PHOTOS OF OTHERS!!!





♠♠ 5+ Award ♠♠


♠♠♠♠♠♠CONGRATULATIONS! ♠♠♠♠♠♠
Awarded Art seen in : Texture`s infinite book 

♠Congratulations receiving 5+ comment awards♠
Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠
 Informations supplémentaires
 Ceci est un groupe public. 

Afficher les règles du groupe. 
Les membres peuvent publier 3 éléments sur le pool chaque jour. 
Type de média accepté: 
Photos 
Type de contenu accepté: 
Photos 
Captures d'écran 
Illustration/Art 
Niveaux de sécurité acceptés: 
SécuriséWonderful, thank you for posting...
Seen in: 
 Texture`s infinite book ♠3-COMMENTS, Please!!! ♠  


**** After receiving 5 or more Texture`s infinite book awards post
Your image in our special tread**** 5+awards lovely treatment on this..well done.Hi! I am an admin for a group called People in Art  and 
we would be delighted to have your photo in our group

Excellent work!

~~ Comment  2 ~~(Sweeper)
beautiful image ..the lighting is fantastic !
thanks for visiting my photostream...WOW, Vote 5 stars for this!
You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/

Please comment and award 2 other worthy images

If you get 6 or more ROUND awards please post here
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/discuss/72157616069774055/So wonderful mood.Greata light and atmosphere!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Give me a thrill (P.1 C.3+1F) Only admin-invited Sweeper Active y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

Your picture makes me vibrate,
please add this to

 Give me a thrill (P.1 C.3 +1F) Only admin-invitedWow..this is outstanding work my friend, trully awesome finishing! Glad i've seen it, and thanks for your visit, appreciate it.You have perfect works. I like  colors on all your photos. You have a good understanding of who I am. Thanks friend!
[http://www.flickr.com/photos/21725825@N05/4333647755/]
THX. CU, L8R.Your image touched my soul,
thanks for sharing

 Give me a thrill (P.1 C.3 +1F) Only admin-invited
Comment 3 and fave 1, please
6 or more please post your photo here
Gallery photos with 6+ awardYour image touched my soul,
thanks for sharing

 Give me a thrill (P.1 C.3 +1F) Only admin-invited
Comment 3 and fave 1, please
6 or more please post your photo here
Gallery photos with 6+ awardPlease join us!  Your photo caught our eye and we would love to have it and you join our high quality images of photographic and personal art at  A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts.

 



 

We look forward to seeing your beautiful photo in our group pool and having you become a regular contributing member! 

 

From the Administration of A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts

Post 1: Award on 4

 

Note:  By accepting this invitation, you agree to comment on at least 4 photos immediately once you submit your photo.Your image touched my soul,
thanks for sharing

 Give me a thrill (P.1 C.3 +1F) Only admin-invited
Comment 3 and fave 1, please
6 or more please post your photo here
Gallery photos with 6+ awardHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Imitation of life - invitation only - Post 1 and Comment 1 y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+ y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Lovely work. I love the light in the hair!
Have a nice day 
About you Award! 
 
About you 
P1/C2 - Sweeper 
Post here with +5 AwardThis beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/This beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/gracias por agregarme a tu maravillosa galería tengo mucho que aprender, ésta imagen es fascinante!!This beautiful image was seen in:

AVP&amp;A Post 1: Award on 4
A Vision of Photos &amp; Arts/You know I love rural pop.  Cool shot!Oh yeah, I forgot about your rural pop. Very cool as usual. Great composition.Love this--great work Evan!excellent title. i love when your rural pop, pops up

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the tones and POV, very nice.Very nice.This set is the best.Great color Evan!Brilliant!Thanks Y'all!I will take the colors as a sign that the Saints will win the Super Bowl today.  Thank you for not posting a Blue sky!Beautiful silhouettes!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Great colors.  Looks cool.Oh wow Evan!!  this is so awesome!  Great comp (always :-)  and fantastic tone!

 THIS IS YOUR INVITATION!! 


You have been invited to post your photo
at Better Than Good.

By accepting this invitation, you agree to 
comment on 2 other images in the group pool.*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. *****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. Seen in the Dramatic Color pool.Very intense and very cool!!*****AWARD***** 
    
    Your Image Truly Is:
    Better Than Good
    **********************************************
    Post your photos that earn 5 or more
    of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
    **********************************************
    Post your photos that earn 10 or more
    of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
    **********************************************
     Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. Thanks!awesome!!!!!!Very nice, Evan!Love this latest installment in the rural pop series!Awesome effect evan, cool photo.Wow. That's great.
Fantastic composition and colours.Beautiful composition.  I love it.*****AWARD***** 
    
    Your Image Truly Is:
    Better Than Good
    **********************************************
    Post your photos that earn 5 or more
    of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
    **********************************************
    Post your photos that earn 10 or more
    of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
    **********************************************
     Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. nicely stark outline against the sky. good shot.superb!Wonderful!Thanks Folks!*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 10 or more
of these awards at the  New 10+ Award Thread 
**********************************************
 Please do not confuse this AWARD with an invitation. Beautiful color!!*****AWARD***** 

Your Image Truly Is:
Better Than Good
**********************************************
Post your photos that earn 5 or more
of these awards at the  New 5+ Award Thread I love your pop art pics, Evan!!  This one is wonderful :)  You need to do a book of just these--I'd buy it in a heartbeat!

Hope you're doing better!lovleyHi, I'm an admin for a group called *absolutely beautiful-absolutamente bello*post 1 comment1, and we'd love to have this added to the group!very pleasant !Very cool!Thanks Everybody!Cool... It's an awesome hot color behind that tree silhouette.love it!Gorgeous golden moment.  Well seen and captured Evan.  Bravo.Muy original la composicion y la edicion.

Saludos.Great silhouette. It really does POP.Lovely.Nice shot and well done !Superb!Exquisite minimalism.Thank You!Beautiful!I love your tree.  I feel like that sometimes.Love this man...Insanely brilliant. What a brutally cool piece of work. Bravo!Nice !!power movesreaaaaaaaaall!!
saludos .Tof man!
septthanx peeps :)great colors!nice!!kool papiqué preciosidad, una luz clara para una mañana de domigo...

buen díaque preciosidad de sombras y vos azules fantásticos.Excelente foto, muyyyyyy buena. FelicidadesMuy buena, perfecta. Me encantaUna buena conjuncion de lineas¡Que bien vista Luis...magnifico ese juego geométrico de luces y sombras!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Qué bien capturaste esas lineas!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado !CREATIVEYE UNIVERSE (Post 1/Award Any 3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Art Net Contemporary Artists  y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.me gusta mucho, buen juego de las lineas y bien compuesta Seen in: 
Art Net Contemporary artists

 Invited images onlyNO DOUBT IN IT, A MASTERPIECE
Found in CREATIVEYE UNIVERSE 


Remember Post 1 Comment 3 or moreMe encanta la geometría de la foto pishitamas que bonita tio...un ojo para ver esto!!!
que bonitas formas con luces y sombras tan
 DIVINAS DE LA MUERTE!!!
saludos desde AndaluCáiExcelente ese juego de luces y sombras.Preciosa la foto... como siempre!Bonita composición con esas líneas y sombrasFantastic! Love the shadows and lightrays!:)Una toma bellisima y buenisimos colores
saludosVista en:  
Campo de Gibraltar, al sur del Sur.
WOWWWWW!!!! que fotaza tío.... perfecto encuadre, luces, sombras y color...MaravillosaGorgeous!Great capture...
compo, light and colors are all excellentHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Cianofilia by þαndαleps   y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.Que buen &quot;buen&quot; marco para tan diafano y claro panorama.

Saludos
Vista en:  
Campo de Gibraltar, al sur del Sur.
magistral composición, un trabajo perfectoBonito balcon amigo . 
Felicidades por el explorer.!Buena captura de luces y sombras.I like the composition in this wonderful shot.interesante juego juego de luces y sombras.Bonito juego de luces y sombras...
Saludosgorgeous shadow play with lightsQue buen juego de luces y sombras!Quite fresh.Hi there !  Thanks for the compliment ;-)
I'll post more pics of that set soon !Lovely photo  great B&amp;W processing nice workHahaa! Cool!Bad-ass.  I like the feeling of this one.Thanks, all of you!  Donna, that's what I was hoping for! :)you're too cool for words, man. i love this picture.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called creativoh  , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great work again!great work ... a beautiful composition!I like how the shadows of the fingers are pointing at the shadow of the camera. Nice portrait!!Beautiful and interesting result! Well done!Thanks very much, all of you! :)Very cool!Thanks, Eleni's World! :)Clever shot,  love those shadows pointing back at them.Thanks, Matt! :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Youth Are United!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I love my ring in this! :0)Thanks, both of you, and your ring does indeed look cool in this, Beverly! :)great work! wonderful idea!whoa, neat stuff there. Very awesome put together.

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)amazing work, i really love this :)Wow. this is really amazing! :)i love this. i would love it more if the veins (which looks like tree limbs) had some depth, though! maybe if you cloned the textures from the hair/skin/clothing into the 'veins'?ahhh this is beautiful and amazing and wow! love it :DKara Smarsh: that's a great idea actually, it wouldn't have occurred to me. The veins  are  tree limbs, because I wanted to stress on the connection between a person and the environment, the seasons, nature, and so on. Thanks for the great comment!This is awesome work. I love the connection between nature and you as in the image.Reallllly cool!this is amazinggreat idea. i love that you matched the colors of the branches with what they are growing out of. beautiful. Lba 8lbiich 7yati Love u Moore &lt;3
alla La y7rmny Mnch :*:*
thanx 3al-pic :) ADORE u ;)
{79a ♥♥♥♥ Dana}-احببببج حصصصصه Love you DanaAna A7ha Akrrth ;p
Love U MoorNoody'eta &lt;3'z u both ya 3mri antom =&quot;)fOr ever 7yati&lt;3
adOre yOuh Dndn;$~ Amotch Nawary 
a3sh8ch Ndooy ;PNdooy &amp; Sarawyah ; Lovkom Both
H almohanndi; A'3aar -.-&quot;yalla chub 79oo fe nas y'3aroon =Pلاا انا احب حصصه اكثر منج &gt;&lt;Lovely Loovkoom Booth;*Ms.violet;Hhhhh ;p
Nawary;Ana Akthar Ktheeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ;O;$
79a;&lt;3
Amoone;Me Mooot:*
وشوفته غايــــــــــــتت منااتي
 &lt;3 :*;*(l)__(l)احببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببببجامووووووووووووت فيج انا :$

nice
4 Ever 7yattii  
 LOVE YOU'H BOTH ;** ;'$Ameen (Aa)
Mee Moor &lt;3n!c one 



&amp;
Keep It Up 

I Hope 2 see Ur 

Comnt plz =)Ya rou7i 3ala 79a :$
w Fdeet 3nztii Dana :$
Amout 3leekum Both =**&lt;33!Ana Mo 3nza Ya Amna AlCaw -.-&quot;
A7biiich ;$هـييييييييـا :Pحصصصصصصصصه ;Pهـييييييييييييييا ;@ ;Pقلت حصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصه -.-&quot;هـيييييييييـاا (A) ;P



هييييييييييييييا(6)حصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصصه :@:@:@Percfect! Lovely!
Love the whiteness and the aqua green of the paper and pens.
...have a very similar paper...still unused...Nothing like a mug filled with pens and pencils!i love this mug!
i can see why you use it as a pencil pot not a mug 
its too nice to use as a mug :DThank you for your lovely comments!so lovelyexcelente urban shot :)super clear!Beautiful capture, nice house!oh i love this ;)Love the shadows &amp; tone...fantastic shot!!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Just love this photo you've taken. The tone, the warmth and the composition - everything seems so perfect.like the place and the picture!Molto originale!Beautiful shot!Very nice capture!great view!!! very very beautiful!!!!!!!Beautiful shot/Awesome blueAmazing colors and architeture!
so nicePreciosa fachada con unas texturas y colores muy buenos....
bello lugar...
SaludosA beautiful scenebeautiful architecture and love the shadows and blue sky!Preciosa toma y el cielo es magnificoVery nice details and capture !Nice facade! Beautiful sky!!Great shot !bello -y decadente- lugar...bella fotografía!Wonderful view, excellent work..Beautiful! You have a wonderful photostream.
Thx for your compliment. :-)Magnifica fotobellos detalles....gran capturaque buen trabajo es buenisima
saludos
joseBuen encuadre y magnifica edición !!!Bellos fotos !!!Colors are fabulous. Absolutely gorgeous capture.Very nice colors:))che colori !!! Fantastica !!  ^_^Un gran encuadre,me gustan las texturas y el color.

SaludosWhat a stunning place is this !!!beautiful place..!!great colours! great shot!These are beautiful old houses...interesting details. Well done!Really interesting place!deliziosa composizione, ottimi colori!Colour and details simply first class
real nice shotBellissimo scorcio, con colori e luce fantastici!!
Ciao e buona giornata.
Mario:-))Muy buena toma, esa fachada dice mucho, y buen encuadre.


Un saludogreat capturewonderful shot.Excellent capture, beautiful colors!!Bellissimo angolino ... ottimi i colori !Muy buena.
Me gusta el toque de color de la fachafa.Woooww
beautiful place!!
Perfect shot!!very good feling in this image!!A beautiful place, great capture, an awesome blue skyAwesomeThat's a cool image!crystal clear pictureA beautiful courtyard, love the light and shadow.
Thank you for the visit.Beautiful pic! I wanna go there!What a lovely building.Bellissimo scatto!Ese ángulo más que pequeño es hermoso, felicitaciones por tan buen trabajo!beautiful!Superb....very nice...lovely shot!Hey!  A lovely bunch of Woolies,  great stuff. :^)Very cool capture Russell they would have ran away from me lol :-)Great shot, brilliant perspective.Awesome shot and vantage point. Were you scared?I never let them know I'm scared.. lolJohn!  I won't ask why the sheep would run away from you? LoL  Baaaaaaaaaa LoLIts the noise from my wellies i think :0John...try out moccasins. Much more stealthy,  lolThey are not young1I love this!!!This is the one that I posted yesterday...

Yes this one the sun is the best, the sun here gave to us a dramatic sensation of a good morning, but as I told yesterday the right side the light over the field is magnific. Have a good day my friend.The sun has a more exciting look in this one and anyway the entire panorama looks beautiful but that would be the selling point for me. Good wway to start the day! :)

 

This Great Photographic Art was made by a Diamond Class Photographer!
Please add your photo to  Flickr Diamond: The Diamond Class Photographer
Read the group rules please and tag your photo DiamondClassPhotographer
You may tag your photo again as flickrdiamondHey Paul.

Better sky in this one, better foreground lighting on the other.  I'm not going to tell you to blend them though.  I kind of prefer the sunlit haze on the previous post and I don't so much mind the maxed highlights as it has a vibrancy to it.  The landscape on this one seems a bit dull now I've seen the other.

Oh, sorry, more than three words.  Um... Awesome Cool shot!Ok, now I'm torn!  :-)
What I like about the first one is that you get a real sense of the soft early morning warmth creeping in and I don't get that so much from this one. 
I do prefer the mid-ground on this one though, the green hill pops more and I like the clarity of the foreground particularly the left hand side.
Both are fantastic!Both are amazing Paul, but I think todays post has richer tones.
The rays are excellent too.They both have beautiful elements.  I like the sky better in this shot but the ground better in the other shot.  Can't you combine them?Yes... I'll admit that I did consider blending the foreground of yesterday's shot with the sky portion of this one... but I felt that it's quite obvious that the sun was still shielded by the clouds here... and couldn't possibly have lit up the foreground yet.Yes, you are right about that Paul.  But, maybe no one would notice.  You should combine the images and post it here for all of us to have a look.Fantastic colours!
Great view

An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to An Awesome Shot!
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;I would prefer the yesterday's foreground with today's sky.....blending the two to make a third one..........which will have best parts of both panos...........I have read your reply above regarding blending but would still prefer blending here !the two are beautiful!!Great view!i love this one P. Got a fantastic cinematic quality to it and i'm a real sucker for these kinda road shots..this one is instantly engages you whilst evening having a storytelling hint...love itI still think that the first one is lovely although the second one is easier on the eye with the sun behind the clouds.Very nice scenery.
-- 
Seen in my contacts' photosI had the exact same problem a couple of days ago. Half the shots I took the ground looked great by the sky was blown out, and the other half the sky looked great but the ground looked dull...grrr! 

I definately prefer this one though, the hill that the road leads towards is more emphasised as well.I like better yesterday's post! I miss the golden light here.

Btw this shot reminds me of my hometown... :-)wonderfull shotI can see what you're saying about the sun and you're right.  The 2nd post is much more appealing than the first.  You're very clever with that processing thing.  :)nice one paul!Beautifully captured!

I like &quot;today&quot; photo specially at the background part (sky and sun light), but i most like &quot;yesterday&quot; foreground as there is more light to the area ;)
Great job btw!I prefer the one that you posted first - I very much like the glowing quality of the sun coming through the clouds and of course the light on the foreground is far better as well; it's a much more well defined image. To be honest, I'm not so keen on the second version at all, I've seen sun light captured like that many time, it doesn't do anything for me.

ArpadI like both as they have different qualities but the glow in the first one is amazing.I like today's sun and field to the left better, but yesterdays hilltop and just to the right of the road better.  Now you need to photo-merge!I prefer todays post - the sky is way better .... and i like the shadows in the foreground!Stunning shot Paul, nice one.If you could blend in the green from the prior picture into the recent picture it would be perfect.  That green is also eye catching.Also, I liked the tones on the vegitation leading from the background to the foreground in the older version.  But yes, over all better due to the rays of the sun.superb!

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)I agree with you, the rays are better visible in this one. But why not the best of both.  I would have seamelessly blended the sky of the second image into foreground of the previous one.Oke, i read the rest of the comments and you already answered my question.tough call, but i would go for this one.  Great work.  marvelousFabulous comp, crop and capture, Paul!  Makes me want to hit the road on another journey!Definately this one.... Lovely compo!hmmmm after studying both I have to admit that in today's version the sun and its rays are much more appealing - I don't feel I have to squint to view the image; the foreground, though a bit darker than previously, is still rich in detail and colors.I'm going to cast my vote with the combine the two crowd.  The foreground in the first shot has the light that makes it pop, and the sun is definitely easier on the eyes in this second shot, and the clouds have more contrast.bellissima , mi piace di più questa.I like this version better as well.  In this one, I really like the fact tha tI can see and &quot;feel&quot; the suns rays, where I did not get the feeling in your previous version.  I also like the greater contrast in here and what seems to be more blacks introduced to get that contrast.  A lot more texture in the clouds in this version as well, which I always welcome.  Would have enjoyed a larger version to look at more closely.

Cheers;
JacquesI prefer this one, as there is more interest in the sky. I reckon this image needs something else in the foreground though.

Many thanks for your kind comment on my Grand Shaft photo Paul  :-) Beautiful shot! Please add to :

** with SKY Post :1 Award :3
Don't forget, If you receive 6 Awards from this group 
 Post Here
If you receive 7+ Awards
 Post Here
I love both, but the last one...the betterPrefer yesterday's version because of the sun lighting the side of the road.  At this time of the year, (Canadian winter), I'm anxious for sunshine!Argh, I hate that dilemma!  Great sun, or great foreground light?  This quandary is not made any easier when you have two great shots like this.  Think I prefer today's version just a bit more though.  Nicely done.

~Joshno dilemma, this one with the rays, i always like a bit of ray action, cant help it :)never make me fail to impress mr paul....thanks for the vertorama tutorial.really mean it!I agree, I like today's post for the additional detail in the clouds and less blow-out around the sun.Paul, go ahead and blend them.  Who cares if there's no obvious source of light for the foreground?  None of us actually look at your photos, we just come here to leave brief comments!Great place Paul. Yet, I prefer the other one :)))Both have their merits Paul - but this one is technically better throughout IMHO.  Cheers, Andrew.Excellent work !!One have to see in LARGE!!

Great panorama Paul
This photo took my BREATH away


Pls add this photo to the
BREATHTAKING group
&quot;collect 5 Green Breathtaking Awards to get a Gold Award&quot;

GRTZ,BENyeah..I think I prefer this one to yesterdays one...althought I do like the soft light yesterdays one if giving off. Its one nice scene regardless Paul!I like this one. The light in the sky is sweet!beautiful composition and lovely vainishing point :Dgreat, you did it for 2nd time, smae place &amp; same angle, but different athmosphere, for me, i vote for this one, for the sky, because i love the light of sun that came out from the clouds! but....i think the 'yesterday' foreground are much better ;) it will be nice if you blend the yesterday foreground together with this new sky...i love that! ;)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)both are good for meAlmost skipped right over this thinking I already saw it. Is  it feasible to combine the two to get the best of both? I definitely prefer the lit landscape in the previous version. But, yes, the sky is much more polished here. Combining would be worth it if they line up perfectly enough.

P.S. Glad you did not miss my latest pano as well. Think I have been holding out with that one? Plenty of bigger gems than that still to be processed and even a few more that are. Be sure to stay tuned. Have a fine week.Nice panoramic capture! Well done!Maravillosa imagen amigo!!!
una obra de arte esta toma
muy bella
Un saludo Paul
Yerson JairVery beautiful pano........................ lovely light and composition.this is a beautiful capture!!!!!!!!!They are both beautiful, but I like the earlier one better.Fantastic pano shot, my friend
Love the tones, the composition and the sunrays captureLooking at the captures I like the sky of this one and the foreground of the previous. Why not try a blend of the two? I like the composition, the lighting and colors. Very nice work Paul

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Two peaceful and excellent panoramas, Paul !
This one has a more dramatic sky and harder contrasts ...
My favorite !In general I like, especially the detail of the sun's rays.
I do not like as panoramic format.I think I like this version as well. Better cloud details and all. :-)I do prefer this one Paul, as I am not that keen on the blown out sky in the previous post, mainly as I have so many of them sitting in my archives :-).  I really like the clouds in this one - those definite rays make the image for me.  It is a pity though that you don't also have the light in the foreground.  I've posted a note as well on the image - you can delete it.I prefer the second one becasue of the sky and the details.
Indeed you lose the warm of the light compared to the first pano, but my preference is much more for details than atmosphere in this shot...Sometime I will say the contrary: it depends on the picture, its context and its message (if any!)
By reading all the previous comments you received, it is amazing how people see the same but prefer 1 than the other...That's photography and its Beauty of communication!i have a little more preference for this one maybe certainly with the rays of sun works better for me now
like this road perspective also
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)With the sunrays coming through, I prefer this one as well. Not to say that the other one is not a nice pic! Farm from it. I wish I had your patience but more importantly your skills to do this kind of shot. 
***Note to self: improve your compo skills. Do what Paul would do.  :)Paul I have to say I prefer this one as well. I would be happy to have  both, Because that would mean I was shooting in a place I have always wanted to. Have a great weekend PAl.El acto de ver tus fotos, es supremo, Johana.:) que vestido mas chulo, que ambiente mas precioso!!!!
Me encanto, amiga una belleza._Que maravilla de composición, luz, texturas...Grandisima toma.VI ESTA INTERESANTE FOTO EN: 

 
 Quiebres (en letras e imágenes) Muy buena toma y tratamiento de la imagen muy elegante. Un saludoOye muy buena, me agrado en todos los aspectos, es mística agradable misteriosa, excelente...!q preciosa!! contraste de texturas..pero que no te escuchen esos muros,.  por que a aquel que regrese ellos le diran a donde fuiste.Muy buena la toma, me encanta ese vestido !Joha, cuando lo vi, pense que era un diptico. Creo que estoy demasia obsesionada con ellos. Hermoso el vestido. Besosque hermosa foto y el vestido fantastico...q lindo el vestido i la foto mas :3VI ESTA INTERESANTE FOTO EN: 

 
 Quiebres (en letras e imágenes) 
Vista en Fotografeel ¡UNETE! / Sight in Fotografeel ¡JOIN!me encanto tu vestido, y el angulo de la foto. c:que gran foto es como &quot;la espera&quot; , tienes fotos buenisimas.beautiful. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Beautiful composition and exposure....Beautiful dark tones and composition Nathan, I love the almost silhouetted pier.a Great Frame..!!!! ...oh man.. both Masters are here..!!!!the main subject is framed nicely by the lighter clouds and resulting reflections on the water - lovely work.Beautiful as always Nathan..!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called MOST EXCELLENT in Black &amp; White, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

stunning smooth water and beautiful reflection!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )Good tonal range and a beautiful scenery ... like itbeautyful composed - rich tones - BRONCOgreat job and nice composition..fantastico...beautiful darkness love it!Excellent contrast....Always a great exposure...That pier has a certain wonkiness to it - sure some of those legs should be straight! Really like the mirrored tonality &quot;&lt;&quot; shape - accentuates the line down the pier. All in all, just a very pleasing image to look at Nathan!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Monochromatic Visions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfect exposure, wonderful BWA picture of serenity,Nathan.Those are some smooth waters! Nice early morning capture.wowwwwwwwwwwww.....beautifulHi, I'm an admin for a group called Serbian Open Community (POST 1 - AWARD 3* or BAN), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Great :)! :)!

d.Love how the sky fans out to frame the structure &lt; nice to see the boats in there too!loves the composition and the dark clouds..faved, great shotCalming but with a little hint of approaching bad weather. Love the atmosphere.beautiful!Congrats! You have been awarded the

 
Mia's Best in Fine Art Award 
You are invited to post this photo at 
Mia's Best of Fine Art Gallery 
Please Tag Image miasbest
Post 1 invited work - Comment on 1Great B&amp;W

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called los últimos románticos, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


fabulosaAnother fave for me. I prefer smooth water with smooth sky.
This is perfect.Lovely composition Nathan.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Awesome !!!!   FAV !!!   JOE&gt;Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!You have been invited to become a member of Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!!
Please review Group rules before joining!  Image Gallery / B&amp;W !!! Gorgeous, the exposure is perfect, what a balance of light and dark.
Amazing work, well done! Must hit the fav button on this! Congrats!This is an Excellent Black &amp; White Image that deserves to be
seen and awarded by other Black &amp; White Photography enthusiasts.
Please accept this invitation to display your image in our gallery at

This Image is Invited to the Black &amp; White Diamond Awards Gallery
(Post 1, Award 5) Please read and abide by the group guidelines!SO many great images you have been uploading..... Hard to keep up! I've got to say.... All are very good, and keep getting better. The darkness falling on the end of the pier adds so much mood, and explains the scene well.Excellent and peaceful long exposure shot, Nathan !!!
Lovely pier ... contrasts are so strong against all that softness !Great tone and atmosphere....great workNathan, Composition and dark tones are really wonderful here.
I really like this job.A bit different without all those waves!fantastic shot!!! Ciao!!!Very, very nice
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?²ˣ)Thank you very much everyone for all of your kind support and generous words!Another excellent pier shot.  The smoothness of the water is incredible.Beautiful tones! This is exceptional.So peaceful!Lovely sky and reflection in the water Nathan - beautiful dark line on the horizon, which I noted - beautiful peaceful image.Moody and inviting.Total Zenness.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The simpler . the better, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Soulful Black &amp; White, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Just another amazing photo.....Incredible tones! Amazing shot, Nathan :-)excellent.....*beautifulYeah! so beautiful!schlicht &amp; schön.
würd ich mir großformatig an die wand hängen wollen.lovely tones*beautiful soft lightwas die frau E dazu geäussert hat...Ein feiner Klang.

I cant decide, thought I'd post this one too :)




Thanks!! (((((hugz)))))


 says:

Great DOF ! Wonderful photo !What a beautiful SOOC here, love the colors, amazing details, and great DoF!  Well doneBeautiful.  Amazing color.wow, stunning shot! sooc? very cool ... the colors and details are amazing!Great shot! Enjoy your sunday!So beautiful!!~~~~ it makes it seem like summer again!!!! Have a great Sunday!!! Just mama!!!;-)))great color for this drab weather, real beauty Sweetie !!! Both are sweet but i prefer the top one ((-:
Happy Sunday to you also M (((-:
hUgS........Both are excellent shots, and love the DOF. 
This Monarch is probably hanging on a tree in either Monetary or Mexico, (the 2 main migration destinations..)
Thanks again for your assistance Tess. I think I've learned more from you, then all the other members put together!!! :-) :-)
Good day!!!

Pleasure's all mine Eric!

But I think it goes both ways :)  TY though!This awesome photo was seen in

&quot;*Vibrant!*&quot; 
___________________really really beautiful Marie, fantastic DoF with that great contrasting bold colour and clarity! :)wow... very nice
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )beautiful compositionWow, this is SOOC?   That's amazing. What color you get!  I hope your Sunday is as beautiful as this.

and it looks like you use your camera quite a bit too:

Shutter Count:  35456

That only shows up when you post an image SOOC.  Yeap I sure did.. can you believe that?.. well I made sure I got an extended 3-year warranty...  I think Im going to send my baby to get serviced just for maintenance or something :) Im afraid its going to go kaput on me anytime soon haha.. With the  speed Im going, its probably going to happen anytime soon ... so yeah ..Hey, I have some shots of flowers like that!  No flutterbys, tho.  This is just lovely.  How did you sucker 'em into staying still! Im a butterfly whisperer haha kidding... This was at Santa Barbara Butterfly Museum and those butterflies would just come flutter around you.  So cool!  I cant wait to go back, but I have to wait until next year. BOO!  The museum only has the flutterby exhibit  every other  year... so yeah .. long wait... but it will be well worth it..wow gorgeous close up !Great colors Marie!!!beautiful she. well shot Tess.....Beautiful macro scene.  Awesome work!
DanielBeautiful colors...well shot!Yes, it does bring a smile to my face!  What a pretty butterfly -- so much gorgeous color!  And beautiful SOOC.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)What a beautiful shot !!Awesome shot here Tess and this did bring a smile to my face.....
More looking foward to Spring...I was jealous that Spring had already arrived, but as an archive, it just makes me happy!Beautiful rich colors!great macro! lovely shot!Gosh!  is this every pretty &amp; wonderful colors

This awesome photo was seen in: *Vibrant!*This awesome photo was seen in

&quot;*Vibrant!*&quot; 
 FLORAL FAVORITES
I choose this image
as my FLORAL FAVORITE..Superb capture Tess!!! So colourful! Amazing butterfly!Wonderful shot Tess, great colours and detail.Wonderful macro with great details.Great shot.  The Lantana and butterfly look wonderful together.Beautiful shot. 
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )hey... still got tons of butterfly shots to share?  =)
gorgeous and colorful.  that's what we need during this cold winter time, Tess !!!nice ;]Wooooow   . . . so Pretty . . .And,,,,  Congrats on Explore!!!! :-Dawwwww whitten!!!!pride and prejudice soundtrack for the win
this is really beautifuloh
my
god
this is amazing...seriously!oh my goodness this is so beautiful
especially the ending
i absolutely love thisThis is amazing. I loved it!love this..
it's amazing
music is from pride and prejudice like alex mentioned?this is so so good!I like how it turned out.wow man, super good as usual!wow... this is great. (: i love it.perfect filming and music, it's wonderful. and the boy you filmed is beautiful, i'm secretly in love.it's 12:41 in new york, so that officially makes my monday.this is. my favorite song. it's perfect.I watched the whole thing and could not stop smiling. :] Too good.a little video with a lot of heart.2)


3) 
Muy buena!wonderful photos! great focus at the first one!Sætastur :) :)Wow! Great dof on this shot! The ones in the comments are great too! Nice shots!aw cuuuutee cat :)ÆJ kisinn er svo sÆTur!beautiful...I am so in love with this...The tones the texture..gorgeous capture.. will head to the blog...wow!! this is gorgeous!! i love the steam, tones &amp; sunset!!WOW!!! This is so amazing. What a stunning capture. The tones are such a dream. The sun looks like a big glowing lantern...so beautiful!so beautiful xUnique and beautiful!!Wow, amazing...I love how the sun is suspended like an orange balloon and the wispiness of the window texture is awesome. So lovely.lovleyWow, so very pretty!  Love that perfectly round glowing sunset and the texture is just great.  And, great job on doing your taxes already!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is so pretty.. what a great perspective.. lovely and warm..  :-)gorgeous sunset :Di think this is beautiful.♥ tax time, blahhhh.Pure gorgeous-ness! The colour is amazing.
Bah humbug on taxes. Next year will be better!wonderful colors and mood!  love.WOw! The colors are incredible!fantastic!  fantastic soft texture - great shot!Awesome image :) !!!!!!!!! I've got to get our tax stuff together, too :) !!!!!!Amazing image - lovely texture and colors!

And I LOL'd at the $2 an hour ... you're making more than me!! LOL!!! :)sooo pretty...and uh..$2/hr...ummmm..??...&quot; No price can be put on your work&quot; ? : ) Does that help at all?love the steamy texture!Thats stunning........!!!!this is so gorgeous....Amazing colors.Beautiful!ahhhhh, just love the color, the window, the sun!Lovely lovely shot!This is so beautiful! Love the composition and the colors :)beautiful!Love the composition!  
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )just beautiful.gorgeous!  &hearts;this is fabulous!!!beautiful focus and bokeh sun?Very nice bokeh!soooo coooool!dreamy!!!!  &hearts;

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)ye~~~s !  Itadakimasu !!!Looks soooooo goooooodddd!!!!!!!wow!
------
New Canada Donut
Get in the spirit with Tim Hortons' new Canada Donut - a classic ring donut, topped with vanilla fondant and red maple leaf sprinkles. Enjoy one with your favourite coffee today!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Nice donut  :)good donut,  heyHmmm, looks so yummy!
My favorites is Dunkin's!!Looks yummy.......!!!!awwww yummy!! I want to eat!!! X)yummy! these donuts are so lovely ;))
donuts suki desu :)Go! Canada! Go!Yum.
Nicely taken.I really love a photo taken in cafe.great coffee shot.  I guess I am not Canadian enough - I can't eat their donuts.  The timbits, on the other hand, dissappear too quickly :)Yay!  Donuts!

I went to Duffin's last night and picked up some donuts.It's time to go bed but I am hungry when I saw this....i guess this is for vancouver 2010 winter olympics? i thought they would put this out on canada day.Nice picture but lousy coffee - tastes like water! I've seen a few Tim Hortons in gas stations over here.That's cool, I hadn't seen those before!love Tmmy Ho coffee...yum!!
go Canada goYummy!Great sharp close up!ooh! I was going to get the Canada Donuts home and take some shot at them :D 

I love Timmy's coffee ! 

Great capture!Waaa~~♡ Great focus and Lovely colors and bokeh!!!
Oishisoooooo~~~~~~!!! ^.^kewl starter kitMany people say they like Mister Donut. Why? This donut looks really yummy too!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)omg.  I want.

make mine an extra large double double and a blueberry fritter please :Daghhh! i miss tim!!!!   i have a tim's mug cup :Padorable shot ... really wonderful !!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Olympus Food &amp; Drink, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Canadian Donut. Please tell me that the frosting is maple flavored...A Classic for sure! :-)oh, nice!
please give me some.Looks sooooo sweet ^^ Great yummy shot, Eric-san!!So, since you ate two, did you feel twice as Canadian afterwards?Mashalllah 3lihaOMG  &gt;&gt;&amp;; mashallah   
 

Love  U 
&amp; miss  U *______*mashallah &lt;3 So cute (A) 
God bless her :** well done (Y) Faav ;)مرررررره رااايقة 
حبيييييت الاضاءة بشكل مو طبيعي 
تمنيت معدله اكثر على عيونها 
وحاطه لمعه 
ما يمنع انها راايقة 
مووفقةMashallah ! :)ما شاء اللهـ 

الاضاءه خيالـ الموديل ياخذ القلبـ ما شاء اللهـ 

اللهـ يحفظها من كل شر يخليها 

لا تعليك صوره بقمتـ الروعهـ والابداعـ

وهاذا مو جديد عليكـ 

:) تحيهـ :)mashallah 3leeha, gumaaaar ;**.
.

Mashallah &lt;3

.
.
mashalla tjnn , nice editأعجبتنــــي الصوره والاضاءه واااو يابنت ابدعتي 

واصــــــــلي !wow, the colour in the sky is amazing, very nice!Great Great work..Fantastic red tones in the sky!Wow - the snow coming down is incredible!  That's an impressive catch.  Well done!Superb shotAmazing clouds, love the tones ; )Great color and think the sky balances with the warmish tones of the rocks.brilliant!!!!The color is so surreal! Great!Thats a corker! Brilliant colour in the sky, its been a bit grey this weekend hasnt it :-(I can id with that....

I think that cloud passed over us as well - great 'big' sky.That's just Crazy Rod!Not OTT at all, Rod .. really catches the eye!That colour is intense - great capture. 
I actually saw some sun yesterday for the first time in weeks :)You even had to tone this one down? Wow, where did you go to get this shot? Fairyland?!Brilliant, ...  this is what standing and waiting is all about!.Wow must have been amazing light Rod..a superb shot !Amazing colours and light .!!wow, freaking awesome..... I luv it :)Great colours, nicely done! :)Superb shot, love the sky.Beautiful sky, the colors nature produces never cease to amaze meNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.This is awesome!Simply amazing!love that sky!Wonderful feel to this one Rod!!yeah... what ‹‹ jen ›› saidHoly shit...that is a massive and amazing cloud! Love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful shot!That cloud is on fire!!
Good work mate:&gt;)Oh wow!!!!!!  FantasticAmazing sky colors and great use of the filters!So beautiful coloursMolto bella!!wow ............ what more can i sayThis is a stunner mate, just love the colour shift from warm too cool.That sky is amazing captain!amazing workしべにピントが来て綺麗にぼけて行ってますね。
NaturesFinest
Please add this great photo to Nature’s Finest 
Tag your photo with &quot;NaturesFinest&quot;aki-san
きれ～い。溶けちゃいそう。
aki-sanの背景のボケはいつ見ても美しいです。beautiful~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Update Collection ~ up-to-date, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Aww... I envy you.... beautiful... :-)

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Amazing Sakura shot! 
 softな感じが素敵です！
You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!! 

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2可愛いですね。光とボケが美しいですね。
早く春のお花咲かないかな～Coolshot

Beautiful work..!!


:)


--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Beautiful pinky bokeh.
Have a nice Sunday, Aki!wonderfull !!!Beautiful !!!!春を感じますかわいいです。wonderful!暖かそうな日差しにふんわりのボケが本当に美しい
春が待ち遠しいです ^^NaturesFinest
This is really one of Natures Finest!!Good color and composition.Lovely shot, Aki...so soft and dreamy!!really beautiful! nicely done - soft and delicateNice POV and good colors, good work my friend.Verrrry beautiful! Lovely colors! Your photo is in the Explore calendar at #78! Congratulations!prettiness!Very nice!!Excellent image.

Congrats on Explore.Congrats on Explore!Great colors. Very well done.What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Congrats on Explore!I like the soft tones in this wonderful picture.Beautiful!fantastic color and bokeh!Number of this photo 500Woohoo!! Your 500th upload .. Excellent shot sweetheart.. &gt;:D&lt;khobeeAfarinعکس قشنگيه
مبارکهعكس خوشگليه
:)
مباركه عكس 500
:)
موفق باشين و شادche khone bahaliye :D



500  afarin bar tooچه باحالته رنگ عكس خيلي قشنگه ؛ حس داده بهش !
تركيب بندي هم عالياین چه جالب شده.... حس اتاق یک کم سنگین هست.... ولی‌ چرخیدن دختر کوچولو انرژی قشنگی‌ به عکس داده.
:-)

۵۰۰
تا‌عکس؟
 با اون سرعتی‌ که در ایران دارید آپلود کردن عکس خودش یک هنر هست500?    kheily merc    aafarinJalebe, Biron omadan az dar ke neshone azadi e, mahv shodegish ham mitune mani joda shodan az zamin o rohani bodan dashte bashe
ba ye cadre amodi ke dar o nimi az panjare ro dar bar dashte bashe bishtar movafegham!
Good luckaxoo editeshoo ziadddddddddddddddddddddddd  dos daram but chera injoori kard gozashtiii :(@Iranian Roseate ...:
AKHIRAN KELASE NAGHD RAFTI ?
naghdat ya behtar begam iradat, kheyli khande dar bod !i just love this one!range ghashangi dare ,harekatesham khob shode
che ghadr faazasho doost daramایشالا پنج هزارمیش
=)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Iranian Women زنان ايراني, and we'd love to have this added to the group!nice compo...این کارت توی نمایشگاه نبود
یا فکر می کنم شبیه این بود
چارچوب کادرش خیلی برام جالبه
مثل این شده که یک نفر داره روی سن بازی می کنه
فقط فرقش اینه که کاملا حس می کنی که این یک صحنه تئاتر نیست
چون نورپردازیش مناسبه
به نظر من این جنبه تصویرت حرف ندارهسيناي عزيز من تو نمايششگاه يه همچين چرخيدني رو ارائه كردم منتها اون سوژه اش خودم بودم و تو يه خرابه بود
ممنون از نظرت ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choice ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choice ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choicecool gemacht!
469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5بسیار عالی FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3I like very much!!!!
Nice shot.Thanks for your sharing!

 FANTASTIC SHOT! seen in :
 
&quot;FRIENDS FLICKR AWARD&quot; Post 1 Award 3wonderful......great 500bellissimo il punto di ripresa che rivela tutta l'imponenza dell'edificio. Ottima la scelta del bianco e nero che evidenzia la geometria delle linee. Complimenticonfermo: Un oscar al titolo (ne farò una raccolta per te e alla fine te ne farò dono)
La foto la trovo molto ben costruita....un ottimo POV :-)ahahhahahahahah che titolo...mitico!
:)))
la foto mi piace ma il titolo...  :-))))ahahahahahaha titolo clamoroso come sempre, ottimo lo scatto, sia per la prospettiva esagerata, sia per il trattamentoLove this angle and tones...................wondeful processed

Top job

JanIl 10 mm è sempre in azione, con ottimi risultati! Ottimo il PoV, ottimo il B&amp;W ottima la composizione... Ottimo tutto e facciamo prima!solo il titolo merita un applauso !!! poi la foto è grandiosa pure lei !
i miei complimenti !
buona serata
g.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Te le studi (i titoli) di notte di la verità... !!!
Potevi farlo (correre, alzare i pugni al cielo ed urlare Adrianaaaa su e giù per la scalinata del cimitero di Staglieno) così finalmente ti portano via ... scherzo ;)
Mi piace molto la prospettiva , ho le preferenze per le prospettive dal basso...ottimo tutto !!!  (prospettiva, b&amp;w , titolo e umorismo )Superb perspective &amp; compo.
Hot stuff !!secondo me dovresti farlo ogni volta!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAsempre meglio di quando ti metti in piedi sul monumento di Quarto ad urlare &quot;barbarici yoooop&quot; ;)))fuori come un poggiolo... ma le parole le usi bene e sai dilettarti con la macchina fotograficale foto sonoveramnte bella.... i tuoi titoli talmente esilaranti da distogliere un po' l'attenzioneAlt,fermi tutti!!!!!!!!!

Qui,ORA,occorre un self a torso nudo ed in calzoncini da boxeur.

NOI giudicheremo se puoi correre e dove!!!!!!!!!Great B&amp;W and angle.Stavolta qui c'è il tuo marchio antico.
Peccato non poterla ingrandire. avrei potuto urlare anche io.Non passi inosservato.... :-)
Inquadratura super!Bellissima prospettiva! Il titolo 10 e lode!!!Sei forte....:-))
e hai fatto bene!

Settimana prossima son giù....non a staglieno però..:-))
--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Scatto bellissimo, ma il titolo e la descrizione lo sono ancor di più!!!!
Mi sto sbellicando! Ciaoahaha... simpatico il titolo! bella prospettiva.. .rende l'idea e mi viene voglia di correre :Dahahah...bellessimo il titolo!

Seen on the explore page. (?²ˣ)E' bellissimo il cimitero di Staglieno mi dicono...ma è strepitosa questa!!!
ottima inquadratura ;-)Io a metà di una scalinata del genere, senza correre, già sono senza fiato... bella cosa la gioventù.Molto bella la ripresa!!!!!!!!! e anche con il titolo concordo!!!Prachtige natuurfoto in zwartwit Frank! Mooie compositie met die knotwilg rechts...
--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Wat staat die knotwilg eigenlijk laag, apart hoor.oh yes, i'm waiting for too :-) superb Netherlands through your lens frank :-)Echt Hollands, die bomen zie je niet vaak elders.
Mooie opname.Prachtige tonen en scherpte en zo oer-Nederlands..geweldig!mooie contrasten en compositie.Mooie natuuropname .  De nog niet geknotte wilg is prachtig !
Z/W laat zoveel meer zien !Mooie knotwilg, lekker dikPrachtig, Helemaal in z/w!!Prachtige foto een hele mooie diepte. En wij wachten met jouFraaie plaat; doet het goed in zwart/wit.mooie zwart witten met genoeg licht erin
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Het is wel tijd voor wat warmte in mijn botten, deze foto helpt daar nog niet bij. Wel een mooie zwart wit.mooie z/w  plaat met fijne dieptewerking en kontrastIk kan niet precies zeggen waarom, maar ik vind dit een prachtfoto!! Hij boeit me!Het is alsof ik thuis kom
grandioos
voor mij perfect!Een boeiende plaat Frank, heel mooi in B&amp;W!!!Hé wat mooi !!! Prachtig toch die oude knotwilgen. 
De natuur kan ons zeker een lesje leren als het op vertrouwen én  geduld aankomt...
Binnenkort zie je al wilgenkatjes aan die takken!!Yes!!!please!!Dat doen we allemaal, wachten op de lente.
Maar die blijft helaas nog even geparkeerd. De komende week wéér vorst ...!
Maar je hebt een mooie, hoopvolle foto gepost. Fijn!Wat een heerlijk contrast Frank............de zwarte balken doen het hier hartstikke mooi!!!

JanwillemMooie compositie Frank, typisch hollands landschap. Gebruik je ook Silver Effex Pro ??Dat duurt nog wel even voordat ie prachtig groen is.....!Beautiful piece of nature, Frank !!
Great work !!Ik wacht samen met jou met spanning af!
Die Ooypolder is prachtig, daar moet ik ook weer eens naartoe.
Sterk zwartwit werk!Die wacht blijkbaar op de lentekapper om zijn winterharen uit te dunnen ! 
Mooie Zw/W Frank , en contrast waarvan ik hou !Als de winter zulke mooie foto's oplevert, hoeft het van mij nog lang geen lente te worden.mooi in b&amp;w...
ik kan ook niet wachten!Nice composition in b&amp;w !Frank, ik was hier vandaag nog. Het was er nu lekker mistig. Mooie natuuropname en fraai in z/w.am back after a break
lovely compositionMooie plaat zo die wilg in de hoek .Altijd mooi wilgen, prachtig landschapje!Mooie natuur daar !!Die doet het goed op de voorgrond. We wachten met z'n allen op lente...Ziet er netjes uit, mooie kleuromzetting.and waiting, and waiting..... mooie plaat.Beautiful capture of patient waiting!Aan het weerbericht te horen moeten we nog lang wachten.

Mooie plaat  Frank.

Gefeliciteerd met je Explore.alsof ie langzaam de bodem wordt ingezogen...Another shot.
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Floral Fantasy - P1/C2 - Time to Vote! - Full Frame Macro!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )beautiful - love seeing the pink as all I can see is white right nowOh this is wonderful - beautiful light - on the flower.....Great as always!春の先達ですね。
Both of them are very lovely!!nice focusI think we have kawaza-sakura on the street behind our apartment building... it has begun blossoming now. I tried to get a good shot yesterday, but I don't like the ones I got very much. Oh well!

Beautiful sakura close-up, Takahiro-san!wow..very nice

Congrats you deserve more Fav from Fav Lovers 
From Fav Lovers : post 1 and Fav 3 Group Wonderful

Weare ready for spring!this is really beautiful !Very elegant Taka. I would love to visit Japan in sakura blossom time - any time in fact!elegantly beautiful! :DBeautifulExcellent lighting on the flower.Hello!!...this is magnificent!!....gorgeous focus and detail....:)beautiful as always! we had snow in Minoo and i think
i saw a kawazuzakura this morning.I just love Japanese Cherry Blossoms...would love to go and photograph them soon someday!That's very beautiful:))very pretty..love those flowersvery beautiful! love the colors and details!Oh this is so pretty!いやー、山本さんの写真、こうじゃなきゃ。Great!!
（生意気言ってすみません！）oh, amazing close-up shot!!
Seems spring is coming!very, very pretty!I want one too, we can use some flowers overhere.wow very beautiful closeup and backlight! i want to catch up for the cherry blossom now! :)beautiful!This is so beautiful, especially the second one, really nice!really good one....wow, sakura so soon?Wow this is gorgeous!! Sakura's are blooming soon? I know in Ontario, it's around MayWhao!!  There's something about Skura... that makes any climate seem like spring.... isn't it. :)

A lovely capture Taka sir. :) TFS for posting it. :)

It's not spring here yet. :)we do the same thing, takahiro san! a pink flower for today's post!

this is more beautiful than mine! :Dsomeday, i'll see a real sakura flower. this is very beautiful :9What a impressive capture!  SO Beautifull Deatilz :)  Un superbe cliché!I love the colors and light here!Outstanding image, nicely shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Beautiful macro, nicely done!I love the detail here Takahiro. beautifully taken shot!!awesome detail and bokeh..nice focusLovely delicat macro !!!so sweet, so happy !!! Vivement le printemps !!!! I'm waiting for the sun :-)))Beautiful colors and I love the focus!Very delicate features.  I like the soft pastel background - a very nice effect!Beautiful beautiful shot! Hey...your other image in the comment reminded me of this shot and this shot that I took a couple of years back...superb colours!!wow, that's extremely beautiful! I love the colors :)Amazingly beautiful as always when you do flowers !!!

Seen on Fluidrflowers NOW? so beautiful against the blue sky!!Wonderful flower! Wonderfully capture TY~!~Gorgeous colors and detail.wonderfull flowermakro !!!Very charming~

I've also read some articles about 河津桜 but never had an opportunity to see it personally. Rather early for me as everytime I went to Japan for the cherry blossom, it's between late March and early April.I like the detail on the tips!Beautiful shot!Beautiful macro. The color is welcome too...great focus! lovely...This is so beautiful. I love the tones :)Very beautiful.Beautiful work...Very nice shot !the light through the petals is marvellousthis is early!this is really beasutiful !Oh, good news! Spring seems just round the corner!really beautiful..!!love it.beautiful flowersSweet!! A cheery shot.wow, it looks like spring!! gorgeous details in that flower and I love the light and composition. I'm getting tired of the snow here now.....;)Fantastic light!Wow! I love the lighting! and the flower is very beautiful too! Great capture!!very lovely!!!

beautiful pictureSpring jumps out of your image...I love the 2. shot because of its blossom-bokeh. :-)wow this one is stunning!  perfect light!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Great detail!Wonderful shots.Wonderful macro with great details.beautiful sakura, I want to go Japan to see these lovely flowers!Lovely picture!So delicate and fragile and so lovely. Gorgeous shot :)Awesome!!!! love the composition.luv those low angle, disappearing perspectives...
nice pattern..Excellente photo....ahh nice work. dig the perspective and the colors here.
inspiring me to buy a macro lens.love!!So amazing, thanks for for the look out too!Clever distribution of sharpness!
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)like your choice of perspective, adds depth and distanceNice insight into another world. Cool.
--
Seen on my Flickr home page. ( ?² )absolutely stunning! :))  

*´¨ )
¸.•´¸.•´¨) ¸.•*¨)
(¸.•´ (¸.•´ (¸.•*´¯`*•&gt; *clapclap*
u made our day!!
 great capture!!!cool pattern!frigging amazing!Absolutely Awesome !  the depths and perspective are killer !love it, great perspective and compo!Hi, dialed. I´m watching your shots for a long time, i tried to open the discussion pool for thinking people with photomaschine, if you´d like to,come to join.  Just click?NO. Stop, focus and think for a while .

Looking for your income, nice day !Well taken...very cool!

I like this the best of your six.

Pick Your Art - Post Six, Pick Onegreat shotcoolGreat shotLove the zoom out!  Never would have guessed the environment!  Wonderfully &quot;Dialed-In!&quot;  Thanks again for sharing your magic!I like your kind of PHThanks all! And thank you Jair65, you're awesome!等看新照等看新照 +1~~ : )小配件搭得很好看！TO VivAn × ：那个布丁瓶子我一口气买了10个··太可爱了··

TO old＊love：我会努力 = =

TO vivienne* ：谢谢你拉~~XD我也有这个意图~~10个~~哈哈哈~~~你去搜搜！我买的那个贵了！买成5元一个··网上有1元多一个的！！等看新照+2我吃宜芝多12快钱的焦糖布丁 就有瓶子了
你太奢侈了太羨慕~~
我也好想拍FM2可以Y先生！瓶子是一样的么？

SAM兄···快去整一台！！don't drop ;)
Quite a nice collection!This is creative and I really like it. I wouldn't know about a heavy camera though as I use a Rebel T1i and normally have the kit lens or the 50mm on it, which are both plastic.Feel the burn.... 
GOOD ONE!!!hi hi   Strong man
awesome  
ilike ur pose :P
ILOVE THE IDEAA   AS USUAL
and well done as usual too ^^Maybe this is the most expensive weights (price/weight ratio) you can ever find! xD

Such original idea, I like your inventive and realization of pictures :)Great composition (as usual) !

--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Cool !Great idea, well executed. I like it!Awesome idea...you sure have a load of cameras!!  I'm envious!!  Super shot!!haha what a cool ideaHa-ha - very cool! I hope you had somewhere soft to set those all down ;) I did, I used all those hats that I had!now that's some pretty impressive hardware!kill bill's typo!That is some serious lifting you'r edoing there!  Great concept and lighting, as always!this is fantastic! 
your gears are totally drool worthy. so jealous right now. (:amazing idea !!!

wonderful lighting ^^

i like itTime to switch to an iPhone as a camera? ;-)
Good idea, nice gear and expression, and as usual: excellently lit!I'm sure you LUUUV your weights! Great shot!A cool and orignal idea. I like your serious expression.i would absolutely love to work out with camera gear... hahaEnvy! Hahaha! COOL!Creative!
Hataw sa gears.Haha nice...I'm a bit jealous!Grrrr! Pump it baby! Strobe left....strobe right!! What time is it??mucho peso mucho peso . this is a great picture , Genial.nice. sweet mother can you ask your parents to adopt me? just for a day, LOLvery cool!!! 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)slap a wrist strap on the D3 and you can start doing individual curls.Very cleaver and cool idea! Nicely don.creative! funny as well. When i shot with my ringlight on my 5d2  and a 24-70mm my lower back starts getting sore.great shot ......:P..loll.. wat an idea bro!! ... i still cant stop laughing.. gr8 job for ur day 28Very original jajaja!

PD: Beautiful Chelsea tracksuit.This is just great!  Thanks for lighting up my mood.outstanding!! :DI like how all your photos begin with a concept. That's an awesome way to approach this project as it takes a lot of editorial planning and creativity. Its not just whatever you feel like shooting or chance upon. This I do believe makes it much more difficult. In this case it was well executed.

You guys have plenty of cameras. And oh, keep the hair. It looks good on you!Bigat nyan pre, wow heavy mga repapips. Cool concept once again!Great shot !!!!Awesome !
Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Freeeeeelance , and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Please join us in Freeeeeelance Group:



Flickr Freeeeeelance Group hahah this is amazing!This is so interesting. the idea is fantastic and the lighting is really nice to! :)hahaha,. pretty cool... you have a great imaginationLOL awesome!!!haha, this is cool :)KOOL collection !o i love this!! instant fav.. i seen quite a few shots on flickr showing off cameras but none done like this.. great stuff!!! very creativewow! i would worry about dropping any of those if i were u  LOLthat is a lot of camerasGreat composition !
Congrats on Explore !haha burn those chalories :)LOL you are a creative genius :)
That must have been heavy with all that gear!WOW everytime I look at your photostream napapa-WOW talaga ako. Noon may nagsi-swimming na camera ngayon binabarbell naman. Super galing sir! Very creative! =)Dude! You are the master of creative shots!!! Im amazed at your stream!!Well, I'd rather tote a camera than a dumbbell! ;) Another awesome, creative shot! This's Awesome ..!! Amazing shot--love the perspective!Really great shot! Well done!super!!wonderful perspective and the colours are awesome~

CarmenPerfectsuch a dynamic photo! amazing tones! love it!Wonderful pcture!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )stunning image....love the tones in this capture!Excellent point of view. Love the colours, they make it look a bit gritty.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Thanks for sharing with us: Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3)
www.flickr.com/groups/iyibest/

Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day
Creativity - Yaratıcılık /5
Colours - Renkler /5
Subject - Konu /5
Composition - Komposizyon /5
General View - Genel Görünüm /5
Total: /25
Please tag your photo: GününEnİyisi, TheBestOfDayThis is AMAZING Please post to: 



FROM : 
&quot;FLICKR IDOL&quot; - Post 1 Award 5 

REMEMBER TO AWARD 5&quot;This photograph is a WINNER!&quot;

the BEST of Flickr!!!this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Please share this wonderful picture
  with the group b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l (award2)
  
  
  This invitation counts as an award as well!
  PLEASE POST HERE WITH 6+ AWARDSCOOL SHOT!!! : seen in :

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****Awesome Shot!


Seen in  
Angel Awards - Post 1 Give 5 Angel awards
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ANGELS

If you receive 6 total ANGEL AWARDS 
POST HERE 

If you received 7 total ANGEL AWARDS  
POST HERE seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****This is a beautiful image!!
Your photo was viewed in:


'Your Preferred Picture'COOL SHOT!!! : seen in : 

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active) 

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui amazing tone!

--
Seen in the group&quot;paololivorno's friends...P1C1 or BAN &quot;sweeper IS active&quot;&quot; (?)
Seen in  
Angel Awards - Post 1 Give 5 Angel awards
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ANGELS

If you receive 6 total ANGEL AWARDS 
POST HERE 

If you received 7 total ANGEL AWARDS  
POST HERE seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****This photo really sparkles!

Seen in A REAL GEM!
www.flickr.com/groups/realgem/Codigo de comentario Por favor copia entre lineas.


This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  molto profonda...complimenti
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 INVITE to post photo...
I think this photo is a

- Please add your photo to www.flickr.com/groups/supershot/.
- After you add it to the group pool, please tag this photo as a SuperShot.
- Please return to the request for invite thread and delete your image.This brilliant photo is like a shooting star,
totally inspiring!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 A photograph is neither taken nor seized by force. It offers itself up. It is the photo that takes you. I was taken by this shot.Awesome Shot!


Seen in  
Angel Awards - Post 1 Give 5 Angel awards
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ANGELS

If you receive 6 total ANGEL AWARDS 
POST HERE 

If you received 7 total ANGEL AWARDS  
POST HERE Awesome Shot!


Seen in  
Angel Awards - Post 1 Give 5 Angel awards
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5 ANGELS

If you receive 6 total ANGEL AWARDS 
POST HERE 

If you received 7 total ANGEL AWARDS  
POST HERE 
469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5
Colour Art AwardGreat Shot Seen In:

Dragon Gold Award this is extremely Good:)
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 --

This photo gets a Butterfly Award


Found in: Picture Perfect! (Post 1/Comment 3) 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Picture Perfect (Post 1 - Comment 3)&quot; ( ?² )
469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5Congratulations, E x c e l l e n t!
 EPERKE Award (Post 1: Award 5)



2 photos each day! Have a nice day!Beautiful shot! Loved the whole mood you have captured here! Well done !


seen in

Dragonfly Awards Group
**** Post 1 Award 3 ****COOL SHOT!!! : seen in :

&quot;Double Dragon Awards&quot;
Post 1 Award 3 (Sweeper IS active)

If you receive 5+ Awards /Si has recibido +5 de Premios Click here /Clica aqui

If you receive 4 Awards /Si has recibido 4 Premios Click here / Clica aqui  
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)Seen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)wonderful!

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group This brilliant photo is like a shooting star, splendid!

 SHINING☆STAR - Post 1- Invite 1- Give 5 Stars
Thanks for brightening my day, shine on!  Beautiful capture!

Thanks for sharing with us: Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3)
www.flickr.com/groups/iyibest/

Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day
Please tag your photo: GününEnİyisi, TheBestOfDay
This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)Seen in the Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST GROUP


Exemplary Shots - Flickr's BEST (Post 1 Award 3)Great work!
 

Your photo is “A” Class ( Please, Post 1-Comment 2 )
Seen in “A” Class group great capture!

 
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)wonderful colours

--

This photo is a Spirit Of Photography
 Spirit Of Photography,Post 1 &amp; Awards 5 
Simply Superb Award
Please tag your photo as SimplySuperbthis is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Great Shot Seen In:

Dragon Gold Award 
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)Oh my God! That's PureArt in Photography!

Seen in:

www.flickr.com/groups/artmeetsphotography/Excellent!


469 Photographer - Post 1 Award 5 
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars) 
Seen in
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers* 
SERIOUS Photography!
Thank you for sharing!
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers*Muy buena.

 He visto tu fotografía en el grupo
Una Imagen Vale Más Que Mil Palabras

Very nice treatment!Excellent shot!!!

Congratulations, E x c e l l e n t!
 EPERKE Award (Post 1: Award 5)



2 photos each day! Have a nice day! 
Seen in
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Colour Art Award
~*~*~*~*~*~*~very nice tonal work in this one...  Love the light on the street

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Beautiful perspective and treatment!

I have seen this beautiful photo in:

paololivorno's friends group



You can tag your photo paololivorno'sfriendsThis Visual Art was Enjoyed in VISUAL ARTS
(Post 1,Award 2)

 VISUAL ARTS (Post 1,Award 2)
Icon:BEADS by Ronald Castle
Please TAG Your photos as: &quot;visualart&quot; You are invited to display your image.
I wish I'd taken it!!!

Damn! I Wish I'd Taken That!!! - Invitation
Invited Images Only
Post 1--Award 2Thanks for sharing with us: Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day (Post 1 - Comment 3)
www.flickr.com/groups/iyibest/

Günün En İyisi - The Best of Day
Please tag your photo: GününEnİyisi, TheBestOfDayGOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed) You are invited to add this exceptional image to GOLD STAR AWARD (invite needed) 
 
please add the tag GoldStarAward 
***Please delete your photo from the invite thread after invitation!***stunning grade and tones. really well done.
 
Flickr Stars (post 1 - give 5 stars)This one is amazing, I love it!!Seen in: 
  Super Photos this is wonderful! 
SERIOUS Photography!
Thank you for sharing!
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers*Your photo deserves a Ruby
 
Please add this photo to the  The Ruby Awards group
You can tag your photo RubyPhotographerFantastica toma....... 
Seen in
 *Flickr's Best - SERIOUS Photographers*

www.flickr.com/groups/flickraces/Beautiful!  Great job with this image!!


THANKS FOR SHARING 
Eye Candy Art Post
Congratulations!
Your pic becomes nominee of &quot;Shield Of Excellence&quot;
Please add this photo to the Shield Of Excellence Group.
Please be sure this is tagged &quot;SOE&quot;

***Please delete your photo from the invite thread after invitation!***Seen in: 
  Super Photos greetings!awesome. faved. congrats i saw your piece on the explorer page by the way. If you have time please come by and checkout my work. and since you're there...comment and fave in a couple of them : ).
--
Seen in the interestingness archives. ( ?² )Such a wonderful closeup...great eye!boa captura; normalmente são as gaivotas q voam por cima do fotógrafo, não o contrário... :-)ps: já agora, gostei do artigo na revista &quot;Parques e Vida Selvagem&quot;.Very effective close-up.Awesome close-up!!!Absolutely beautiful shot!Aamazing capture !wow 5*

----------
Seen on your photo stream.   »»»»»»»»»» View my albuns Wonderful shot and pov.Superb Jose!Então agora andas a fazer parapente para as fotografares em voo ?
Muito boa !Linda!Great capture.Já está a começar a ter a cabeça preta. Boa foto.Esta está simplesmente soberba!!!!!! Parabéns!Wow, nice !  were you flying above this guy ??Excellent picture !genial captura
un saludoWonderful shot !Boa malha!Cá está um enquadramento fora do vulgar! Esta foto está mesmo porreira!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE award THREE / SWEEPER ON!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excelente!! Grande ângulo!Please join us in:
 
  Super best shots on flickr** 
Show me the best of you!!Congratulations!
This is an excellent shot!
 
Seen at the group:
  Super best shots on flickr** Beautiful shot Jose!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Absolutely Perrrfect:SWEEPER!!, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Fabulous work!

Congratulations!
This is an excellent shot!
 
Seen at the group:
  Super best shots on flickr** 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Super best shots on flickr**/ Post ONE, Award THREE! SWEEPER ON!&quot; (?)Boisima foto, excelenteExcelente!! Também gostei de ler o artigo da revista do parque biológico. E até fala de uma mosca :-D...na sopa :-p.Wonderful!
Reminds me of my childhoods summers
Instant fave:))Thanks Magne M - I know what you meanbeautiful shot!Roll on Summer!fabvery dreamy!what a Nice Shot:) Congratulations! 
you have been invited to join
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 E dag tih di cat mai bag ma toan bi ngan can :(((thôi đừg cắt :((
cắt xog là hối hận đấy :((adoreableEmily Small : thank you :Xváy đẹp =p~
fav đê fav đê :))váy đẹp =p~
fav đê fav đê :))vay' mui' dien. tet' ha~Týt : zê zê \:d/ fav đê =))
thế mà gà bảo k thik váy này :(

NA : chuẩn men :&quot;&gt;ũa ss anh gà là c cũa ss hõk péo đâu...
đág yêu lắm :*Nice Shot! Post 1 award 5

From Nice Shot! Group Pô : ừ :&quot;&gt; hihihihih

T.Emi : toàn bị kêu béo ý :(fav rồi zê gì nữa .. có nơ cìa:*this is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
 Týt : có 2 cái nơ liền nhá ;))
Trang : k đi xem lsno1 à :))e ko
c k đi àkở nhà dọn đồ mai về quê =((:))=))
khổ thân qálại còn bị đứt tay nữa chứ :((thik ve` que^ k:))
khổ qá
sươg suơgNA : vừa thik vừa k :(

Trang : đưa tiền đây cho hết khổ :&quot;&gt;:))
tiền polime âm fủ nhá
=))cái giường kia đẹp =p~ 
=))
nằm ôm nhau ngủ thì êm nhờ 8-&gt;đếu cần &gt;:P[http://www.flickr.com/photos/gadien/] hôm nào mình thử :-&quot;cái j` thếsao cơ :-tc vừa bảo j` :Ođếu cần tiền âm phủ =))ỉn có thik đếu ko [-(
láo lắm [-(em k :&quot;&gt;
em ngoan mà :*
ngoan nên mới vùi dập đc anh chứ :&quot;&gt;ai mà đẹp rạng ngời thế =]]nói chứ xinh thiệt nha ;))
nhìn trong ảnh thấy hiền dịu ko biết ở ngoài thế nào :))ở ngoài em còn hiền nữa :-&gt;ờ ờ,vậy thì tốt :D;))
ở ngoài em ngoan hiền cực kì
anh chưa đọc profile flickr của em à =))nhin e xinh nhivery nice shot !Excellent shot seen in


Friendship award
(POST 2 AWARD 5 )
Award 5 photos within the first 2 pages!
Join our other group post
HERE&gt;:P
hưchưa đọc ^^thấy mỗi cái :Pthat's cute ^_^u? ui...ai day ma xih gai ntnay :-oQuả mái chị chả chọc hết vào mắt àh
:oxinh mà :X
hơi béo tí ;))Oooh .. nice chines Girl :p
Well done sweety 

Comment meHi, I'm an admin for a group called Le coin des photogaphes, and we'd love to have this added to the group!mặt c. lúc nào c~ đỏ hồngmấy nay sao chưa có onl dạ
ăn tết kỹ vậy =]]c này xinh :)Lots of birds! Great capture!!!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wow!! sunamganj e naki??WONDERFUL shotthis fantastic shot won the POD on TTL.... congrats!! :)
plz participate in discussions...........:D akhlas bhai, kee bolbo!! :O abaro obhinondon :)

Seen this shot in:
Through The Lens: Bangladesh

Pool.


wonderful work! great moment..amazing moment! congrats on winning TTL POD, Akhlas bhaioshadaron sobi aklas vai. osadaron
----------
can't check ur photostream due to the exam.sorry.wow....excellent shot....congrats vaia...for the TTL-POD.....Ore baapre baap. i am speechless.beautiful capture....  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)beautiful...Wow........... Akhlas Vai... purai fataiya falaisen dekhi... 
Khubi shundor...wow.. this is so beautiful!Thanks to All. 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in 
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE 

Seen in  
Peace Award - Post 1 Give 5 
REMEMBER TO AWARD 5

If you receive 6 total Peace Awards 
POST HERE Hi, I'm an admin for a group called DDSNET(♥Flickr's Group for My Friends♥) ~POST1 comment2~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5) AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)----------------
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)
commented with SICI (2009-08-17) AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5) 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  AWESOME! seen in :
 
&quot;Photographers Gone Wild&quot; Post 1 Award 2 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5) 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group --
J'aime cette photo !




Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5
--
Seen in the group&quot;Flickr Bronze Award ~ Post 1, Award 5. Award Sweeper Running &quot; ( ?² )Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts Beautiful !! 
This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post here Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts Very beautiful photo!!!

This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereVery very beautiful photo!!!

This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereSeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Seen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5excellent shot.This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post herebeautiful!!!

 Flickr Hearts - Post 1 - Give 5 Flickr Hearts 
  j'ai vu cette photo. I Love My Friend's Pic ^ _ ^ /Nice shot!
 
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)

 Commented with SIC
I would appreciate your commentsniceReally great capture.
  I saw this photo. I Love My Friend's Pic ^_^/ Hi, I'm an admin for a group called PATAGONICA, and we'd love to have this added to the group!


 He visto esta foto en. Me gustan las fotos de mis amigosc ^_^/ Bird heaven indeed!  What a lot of ducks!!  Great photo.b&gt;He visto esta bonita captura en 
This wonderful picture has been seen in
&quot;PATAGONICA&quot;

 
Post 1 – Award 2
Sube 1 – Premia 2
Thank you for adding your photo to the group
Gracias por agregar tu foto al grupo
ôi dễ thuơng :x favv :Xxinh nhe :pdthgggggg :x fave lun :&quot;&gt; hhehhehe em ruột Yun hả ;)) nhiu tũi òi :&quot;&gt;ôi xynh fav fav chị thik lắmmmmmmmmmmm[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/]  tksss Thanh XD
nó dthg hơn chị X3 [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] em Yun xinh thôi =&quot;D nó làm rạg ngời tấm ảnh :&gt; [http://www.flickr.com/photos/39851608@N02/] í tksssssssss Mắmmmmmmm XD 

uh e ruột :&quot; ) 1 tủi mấy hà =&quot;D [http://www.flickr.com/photos/thidethuong/] tks chị :&quot; )

e cũng thíc lắm XD chụp hwa :&quot;D dthg quá hà :x nhà Yun 2 chị e dthg đều hết trơnnnn :&quot;&gt; nó dthgggg thiệt XD

tks M nhe :&quot;D mà chắc mốt nó cao lắm '.' chụp up liền hàg còn nóg :)) dạ ^^

nó mắt to lắm Thi =O=&quot; như Mason :&gt; thks Yun cái des :* 
uhm , nhìn yêu :&quot;&gt; 2 chị e giống nhau , 1 tuổi mà nhìn nó cũng lớn gê ^^ai cũng dthg xD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/39851608@N02/]  hong chi =&gt;

hehe :&quot;D nó cao đó M xOxO giống Y :&gt; [http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] tks e :&quot;D

mắt nó to đó Thanh xO hô hô hô nãy gặp ba D nè =))w0w ! dt nhé s' ! kết ròi ! fave cho nà[http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] í :&quot;&gt;

uh..mí ng`đc gặp..:&quot;&lt;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/36594040@N03/] tks e :&quot;D

tks e cái FAV :**mắt chị cũng to :x tks e :&quot;D chỉ là trợn thôi :-j ahahaa e cũng trợn nữa chị =]] chứ mỗi lúc e cưòi mắt hí lại k thấy tô quốc đâu luôn =[[qua VUS học chung vs ba má đi con gái là đc gặp liền hà xD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] uh :&quot; )
thì trợn cho TO =)))) ko trợn thì nhỏ =)))))))))))) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] chưa bik nữa má ơi :&quot; | mà qua đc vui lắm x3 gặp ba má w &quot;con heo&quot; xDD iu qá đi :&quot;&gt; :x nó tên Bun đó Thi =&quot;D
Bun ~ Yun.Yun ~ Bun =)))))))))))))))))))))) ráng xin qua đi con gái :xxxxxxx mà nếu học chung giờ với &quot;con heo&quot; thì chỉ đc gặp ba má mỗi chủ nhật hoy nghen ;)) xDchị bít 1 đìu nì nè :) e nói thật lòg lém đó ... 

Chị và bé đều dễ thươggggggggggg - đág iuuuuuuuu :) 

e kết đôi mắt nó lém :) rất dễ thươg :) 

e favvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv ~~~~ọc ọc vô cùg dễ thươg y như hàn quốc đóooooooo =p~ mabun :)) [mason+bun :&quot;&gt;] cháo hơi còi đó nì :-w[http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] will try :&quot; )
con học dỡ AV lắm má :&quot;D chắc an phận thôi =(( [http://www.flickr.com/photos/43989697@N06/] làm tui hết hồn hà =)))

uh mắt nó to XO tks e  :&quot;D tks fav :*** ủa bé trên e ruột chị hả :x mai mốt gả cho em nha =][http://www.flickr.com/photos/ljzi/] tks bà :x haha =))

uh :&quot;) còi mà :-j bà bik mà sao lại hỏi ','  [http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] ruột đó Thanh :&quot;D
sao gả đc :)) nó mới 1 t~hà :&gt; má ơi Hạnh phúc hog xD em ruột luôn xD kệ chênh lệch có 11 tủôi à chị =]an phận gì :( BONUS 


Cin's cuteee x3 i'm bad ==&quot; 
cmt nhé mng XDchúa tôi ơi Yun dthg =[[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] hihi :&quot; ) nó wậy lắm Thanh :(( khổ chị &gt;.&lt;

ờ =))) ít quá ha e -.- =))))))))) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/]  bên VUS,ai học cũng giỏi :&quot; ( con dỡ..2 chị e cùg vầng gê ha 
Bonus e vs Cin xynh qá XD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] Cin em nó dthg kìa :&quot; ) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/thidethuong/] tks chị :&quot;D e đặt í =)))

:&quot;D take hôm t7 :&quot;D có 1 pic à :&quot; (  đc cái e siêng chơi vs con nít vs hành hạ con nít lắm =] nhà e cũng có thg nhỏ 1tuổi luôn =] mà nó là e họ à ở chung vs e =] e cũng đè ra hành hạ thg nhỏ tội lắm luôn =] cũng dthg xD con troai luôn =] cho 2 đứa kết bạn đi chị =] hihi :&quot; )
đc đó =))))) e hành hạ con nít nhaaaa T.T  tại buồn quá chị =] thg nhóc nhà e ngồi im cho e cầm tay chụp hình vậy cũng mừg lắm chị =]trùi má dõi gì T.T mới học TA có 1 năm àh con :&quot;) dont worry :&quot;) ko chung lớp vẫn chung giờ mà :&gt;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] hehe :&quot;D
tại nó đang coi Tom n Jerry đó :&quot;P nên dễ :)) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] :&quot;D
đc thì con qua :&quot; ) chi nhánh nào má '.' trời ơi sao dễ thuơng dữ vậy :( :x Tom Jerry luôn :x:)) marry me Bunniiie? =))
tớ là tớ fái e cậu &gt;..&lt;
bonus: ai cũg dthưg hết :*
sao đỏ hp dụ jì đây? ;)) 
1ngày trôi qaaa~~~....! =(dthg :) 
bonus đẹp :)nam kì khởi nghĩa liền xD[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] uh ^^
nó khoái lắm XD tới là coi à =&quot;D oa oa ! bonus dt qá ![http://www.flickr.com/photos/41541527@N06/] haha =)))

me 2 ^3^ BONUS bé Cin dthg cực XD
sao đỏ là bạn PNNY :&quot; ) hêhê


uh..13days :&quot; ( trời ơi bữa nào cho e wa coi ké vs =] coi chung vs e chị nó hay biết mấy =]][http://www.flickr.com/photos/wmiley4ver/] tkssss W :** [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] ô kê liền =))))) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/36594040@N03/] tks Mun :&quot;&gt;
bữa nào take chung chơi :&quot;D [http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] haha =)))
okok =)))))) ÔI chúa ơi dtg :x happy new year ss :x:xchị hào phóng quá =] bữa nào chụp hình chug vs e nhé =x e nguỡng mộ chị đã từ lâuuuuuuuuuuu =xgiỏi liền xDok babe ! đợi câu này da~ lâu@ mm kenly : ui ui cho con chụp ké với haha :&quot;&gt; =xOUT  :&quot; )

g9 allllllll ^3^ tks for all your cmtssssssss XDDD C yaaaaa soon  =&gt;[http://www.flickr.com/photos/38515013@N02/] bon chen =]] học đâu cái thói đó vậy =]] mới biết lớn mà đã biết bon chen lớn lên ai dạy nổi hả hả =]] giống má nó ghê vậy đó :-&quot; má nó là con nào ra đây biểu coi. lên phòng giám thị lấy giấy mời phụ huynh gấp cho tui. mai mời phụ huynh vào tui gặp nói chuyện trực tiếp coi :-&quot;x'3
yeh~! :X
ủa, qê qá =D tưởng bn &quot;heo mập mũm mĩm&quot; chứ =D
yeh~! =(  TRY TRY TRY =(=)) Luận đóng cửa đi du hí vs bà Hân ròi 
còn cúc thì đi vs giang ròi =)Na : má Na ghép dội bậy bạ ghê ! còn ông Trí de~ ai mậy ! cho pà Lao công az` =]]]]]]]]]nhìn chị dthg* wá chứ ứ ứ ứ ứ ứ ứ ứ ứ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
có tệ chỗ nào :))

nhìn e chị dễ thươg wá đi mất :) dễ thươg wáaaaaaaaaaaaaaasau tết vô take típ ;))hai chị e dthg ^^xinh :) fav cho em roi ;)dthươg kìa !!!Dễ thương ^^[http://www.flickr.com/photos/38515013@N02/]  tkss na XD
uh Happy New Year e nhaaaa :*** [http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/]  hehe :&quot;D
ok ok XD chị cũng đã chờ từ lâu =) hihi [http://www.flickr.com/photos/37037257@N03/] hihi =&quot;&gt; [http://www.flickr.com/photos/36594040@N03/] ^^[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41541527@N06/] hễhễ =&quot;D
uh Try nhé Pon :&quot; ) you can do [http://www.flickr.com/photos/43989697@N06/] tkss e nhaaa :&quot;D
thg`Bun mắt nó to lắm đó xOxO [http://www.flickr.com/photos/thidethuong/] yeh yeh \:d/
haha =)) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/sweet_vany/] tks Vany ú ù :**
hehe :&quot; D [http://www.flickr.com/photos/42479895@N08/] tks chị :x [http://www.flickr.com/photos/skinnywendy/] XDD tks chị nhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa XD [http://www.flickr.com/photos/38672903@N06/] tks eee :x 1 bữa nào đó sẽ bắt cóc e chụp hìh chug với chị &gt;:) e trốn =))))) chị khõi kím nhé :&quot;&gt; =)) 2 chị e giống nhau gê;;) hihi tks chị x)
 nhưg mà mắt Bun nó to xO như Mason XO hé hé...mắt e cug~ to mà;;)..bé tên Bum hả..dthuog qá :X:X :&quot;D tks chị
dạ hong :&quot;D Bun :&quot;D e chụp vs chị chắc 1 trời 1 vực quá :((hic nhìn nhầm:D..[http://www.flickr.com/photos/47082708@N04/] chưa chắc đâu =D
e dthgggg XD chị thíc lúc e cười :&quot;)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/supecmeo/] hihi :&quot; )
nhà chị có anh chị em j`hong ạ '.'De~ Thuong* qua' ne` :&quot;&gt; Mat' em chi. tron` giong' y chang chi. luo^nnnnnnnn :&quot;&gt; 2 chi. em xinh ... :-*

Cin thuong* Yun
Cin thuong* Bun =D

Fav for little brother :) I love he 2 :)chị có chị 2:)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/40739214n083883391557/]  tksssssssssssssssss :** bữa nào chị dẫn nó dô trg`chơi =&gt; hoho =)) [http://www.flickr.com/photos/supecmeo/]  em cũng thíc có anh hai hay chị hai lắm xD hihi..ss thì thic có e nhỏ xíu vầy nè :P hihi ^^

;))yeh~! U too babe :*
bữa nào rảnh P qa nhà Y đc k? =D ^^
ok ok =) dthg :&quot;)2 c. e nhj`n jog ha`n quoc qa' tam nay` dthng nhat fl doa ! ;))[http://www.flickr.com/photos/40114478@N06/]  tks e :&quot;)

[http://www.flickr.com/photos/41573723@N08/] e khen dthg thì chị tks :&quot;D chứ KO THÍC dthg nhất fl [-X ko cần đâu e ! choy` e khen qa' oy` ko`n k chju.nua~ um` zay thoy e k hju?noi~í tui là mún cảnh báo cô đó =)) ăn nhìu zô :x:x. bonus đẹp dữ dằgggggg :*ooohhh - my favorite board game - put some on 25 for me :-)
Great use of DOF

--
Seen in the group&quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)sweet!  nicely done.  love the perspective you show us.
seen in 52.5 of 2010Wonderful shot, one of those chips should be on 17 : )Superb dof!
Seen in 52.5 of Twenty Tengreat DoF a truly great shot!Love the DOF here. Great photo!Excellent use of DoF!  Love the tight focus on the hand!Wow, wonderful dof. This picture turned out so great! Love it.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)I love, love, love the focus on the dealer's hands here.   They're perfectly framed and extremely well done.Superb DoF!!!  Totally interesting subject!Very cool capture Jackie, love the shallow DoF you were able to capture!! When did they open a casino in Stanly County!! First beer/wine, now the casinos...what's next brothels?Hey you did good on your choice of a non-dusty close up!  Tee hee. Have a good Monday!This is an awesome shot!Cool shot! Looks fun! :D Great focus! :)Love the focus on this! Great idea for the theme this week!

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;52.5 of Twenty Ten&quot; (?)Really nice, great detail, with a vision very nice, perfect, congratulations.Superb composition, Jackie.love the focus Jackie  ... put some on 3, my favorite number !
xoUmm....grown-up's board games, that is!  
Awesome composition and dof! Great job, Jackie!Board games huh&gt;?? Uh huh...you sure you weren't in Vegas??  :-)awwww thank you all so much for the kind comments.
lol this was not a casino or vegas but our friends house...he paid $18 bucks for a table top for his pool table and we had HOURS of fun!!!All the above.  This tells a story if one uses imagination.  DOF and color are well done also...beautiful shots
the main one makes me smile :]this is so cute! :D
ah i love the lighting through the blinds!the lighting is so amazing in these both.Oh my, I love the one in the comments so much. These are beautifulPerfectthanks!! :)so cute!The shadow in the main one :)Lightings amazing and this is very cute(:love the day lighting ,, great shotSo intimate.   I love the shadow of the blinds on your bodies.  Good stuffgreat shot.. love it.. yall look so cute togetheri love everything about this. great light! so full of love!Oh my godd. I love this.thank you so much!awwww adorable (:this is so cute! awww &lt;3this is adorable,
and sweet,
and so personal and real
i love it.I love everything about this photo.  Great mood.  Great job!Oh Liz, This may be the best photo of Morro Rock I've ever seen.  It is very moody!

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)If a photo had a mood, this would be the one.  I agree with Linda.  Way to go, Liz.Mike and Jerry--you guys are the best at the rock.  Thanks for your comments.morosely beautifulThis is fabulous. I agree with Mike it may be the best.

Did you see Anita's new icon? Too funny.I agree with Anita - morbidly stunning!wow- I photograph this every week but havent seen such a compelling shot as this!
kudos and great capture~!
- you nailed this!


&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; ~ Mikaku ~ http://www.flickr.com/people/doliveck/

Impressive stormy mood capture! Great detail esp with that tiny piece of sea in FG.Beautiful shot! I love how you handled the lighting.Nice!Awesome shot of the rock.Love the feel of this image, really shows the rock in the grip of a powerful storm.Very ghostly. Awesome capture.Brings a bit of beautiful melancholy to our lovely coast. So very well done here.WOW! Fantastic shot. Love the drama!PCA - I like the song too.  It almost reminds me of a record and I love the light shinning through.  Well done for last minute.The line and curve remind me of an old vinyl record.Super macroHa - another great song.... this is one that my sons requested frequently when they were little and I used to sing to them after story time...

I think the little boys (like big boys) like the image conjured up by the idea of &quot;sister golden hair surprise&quot;.

Thank you for taking me back there!  :-)
--
Seen in the group&quot;Photography Critique Assignments&quot; ( ?² )PCA
oh the memories of this song...does bring back my junior high years. They were so on top then. Today, they still sound good. Your image m first thought was a vinyl record but then I read and I see the pan, very cool. Love the color. Nice work!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Photography Critique Assignments&quot; ( ?² )I thought this was a record too.  I love the song.  I was in Germany when it came out ands I actually have the full album too.  Darn, I'm gettin' to feelin' old!  Vety nice choice.Nice abstract-ish take on yet another great song.  Thanks.a really great abstract capturePCA

Very nice abstract.  From the thumbnail, I almost did think that it was hair!  I found myself asking, &quot;How do they get their hair so shiny?????
Nice job and very creative!Wow, your mind's eye is sharp. I too think this has the look of an old vinyl LP, and the look of the golden hair. A great idea well executed.PCA

I thought it was a closeup of a cymbal.  Clever how it resembles hair.This is really great work, Cynthia!  I admire your creativity.Very beautiful work Cynthia, Your creativity is wonderful...It does look like hair, that's been combed and laid out in a concentrical pattern.  The copper part is very believeable.  I think my daughter's hair looked like this once in the sunlight.

Terri :)I thought hair til I read...............well done and love the song too :)i love that song and the shot is sweet !!!pca

I don't think I've ever heard this song, but the guitar sounds familiar.  Good match to the song.  I also think this looks like a record, so it matches the era too.  Nice job.Nice to see you participating in pca Cynthia.
This came out great!This is brilliant

I would never have guessed what it wasCongrats on Explore - this is a very cool photo with a super narrative   :)Excellent and creative way to portray hair and Sister Golden Hair. I know that song. I like it.this definitely looks like a golden vinyl record to me! well done - you go the record and the lyrics.  I was amazed at the perfection in the hair- now I read your WIT and laugh!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Photography Critique Assignments&quot; ( ?² )Cool shot.
THe back of a pan you say.

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)lol I really thought it was hair!They looks so spiky up close!beautiful macro... I have never noticed what Snapdragon pods looked like before... great idea for the theme...amazing sharp shot! Killer MMexcellent creepy, green detail...cool holes for macro monday. nice texture and bokeh.Straight out of Avatar I think

jimGreat MM! They look a bit snake-like (well, they do to me anyway)Nice detail!thats a great subject for MM, well executed. Focus is awesome.They are kind of creepy.  They'd make excellent models for some kind of sci fi creature.  Love the details.Great choice for MM, fanastic macro and focus!Spectacular MM.Awesome! beautiful detail and colors!NOW I see why they call them snapdragons! Thank you for this AMAZING detail and insight!Excellent photo! Very dynamic image. Congrats on Explore!Hi Steve, 

This is a real beautiful capture, and a great commentary. Low level shots as this can be very difficult, but you did so admirably. Well done, my friend.in flight and caught right in centre of the frame. brilliant shot.Really like that streamlined, aerodynamic inflight body - an amazing image - I am in awe of your technical expertise!Hi Steve,

I've never seen this bird before but the name is familiar... a most interesting looking species.  Their life cycle is fascinating, thanks for providing the details.  

Speaking of camera stuff, can you use a 1.4x Extender with the 70-300mm f/4.5?  I've been reading a lot about Nikon lately and I think I read somewhere that you can't... (but I could easily be  wrong).

I bought a Nikon D300s two days ago, in fact, my post today was the first photo from the new camera.  Looking for a longer lens than the 18-200mm I got with the body.  I refuse to spend $10K dollars for a long lens... but thinking of something in the 3-400mm range that I can use an extender with... along with the 1.6 crop factor of the smaller sensor camera... I think I could get by with that and hopefully get some decent bird photographs, especially birds in flight.

Any suggestions?  Thanks, Doug.What a beauty. Great shot.Great shot - very crisp!Increible Toma ! Felicidadessuper capture mateThe colours of the bird in contrast with the greenish blue of the water, plus the lighting and the golden dots make this image so beautiful.Excellent capture!!!  I spent a couple hours yesterday trying to capture birds in flight and failed miserably!!!!Superbe prise!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  HABLA HISPANA -SPEAKING  GROUP.- PON 1, COMENTA 3, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

GREAT SHOT MY FRIEND!!!
VERY COOL SHOT!!!!marvellous shot!Amazing shot , dear friend !great capture...


If you have some time please visit and Vote for my photo on cutest pet photo contest on link below....thanks my friend...

www. competico.com/photo/sleeping-moment
(Remove Space after www.)He visto esta bella foto en :
GRUPO DE HABLA HISPANA
I see this beautiful photo in :
HISPANIC GROUP 


COMENTA TRES (3) COMO MINIMO
GRACIAS, OBRIGADO, MERCI, THANKS,GRAZIE
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 3 o + logos   Aqui 
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 5 logos   Aqui 
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 6 o + logos   Aqui
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 10 o + logos  Aqui Realmente precioso este vuelo a ras de agua.
Una maravilla.Wow, this is good , real good with the sharpness and perfect details on the inflight!!Beautiful bird and capture.muy buena toma!!!
saludos desde Roma
isa
He visto esta bella foto en :
GRUPO DE HABLA HISPANA
I see this beautiful photo in :
HISPANIC GROUP 


COMENTA TRES (3) COMO MINIMO
GRACIAS, OBRIGADO, MERCI, THANKS,GRAZIE
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 3 o + logos   Aqui 
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 5 logos   Aqui 
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 6 o + logos   Aqui
 PREMIO ESPECIAL con 10 o + logos  Aqui beautiful captureBeautiful shot and so clear. Lovely capture Steve.Beautiful capture!جميلهExcellent capture.Beautiful shot.. always appreciate your info as well. Hope you are having a great day ..hmm morning.. evening.. night hahanever seen this kind of bird before.. Thanks for sharing!!
From a friend of Featherweights 
This wonderful image deserves a Featherweights Award Very nice shot !!amazing bird.
such a nice capture
thanks, for the info

regards,
Pablo
 (seen in my contacts' photos) 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group 
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group  
Your Photo Wins a Heart 
From Heart Awards Group Wonderful seabird photo !We my wife to be we are going 5 weeks in Australia for our honeymoon (in October). Maybe I'll see one of them there!



--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Precioso color y magestuoso encuentro con esta bonita capturanice..!!so cute, hbmso cute.
HBM!!aspaldixan beangañintzir zabiz ainkak ataten, ederrak erropak erungo zu, je, jeHola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado ~ Cutee feet ~ y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

soo cool!:)Wonderful shot!... HBM!
--
Seen in the group&quot;Bench Monday&quot; ( ?² )cute!&lt;3so cute - lovin the pink   hbm  xlove the blades and pink!  HBM!arroxa zalea izanik, hemen (Ingalaterran) zoriontsua izango litzateke!!!! nik ez dut lortzen nire alabarentzat arroxa ez den ezer aurkitzea...
tono politakcute!
HBM!!Fantástico color, muy bien pillada.
Saludos.This is so cute! The pink really pops!Que ternura de Bench!! :Dawesome shot, well doneAwwww! Super cute!i could just hug you! this is gorgeous!!!!! the changing colours in the background are creamy and the texture really helps to bring the focus on the leaf. i feel your words deeply. i can completely relate.This is such a beautiful image!  Perfect focus on that lone leaf and wonderful texture.  I'm sorry you are going through so much right now.  Yes, we often have to hold on to what we know is true instead of what we feel.  A prayer for you my friend!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)You little sweetie you!  Sometimes we do have to hold on and JUSt know that tomorrow will bring a brighter and better day!
If we went on our feelings, we would be  soooooo pitiful all of the time!  So hold on sister brighter days and sunny days are ahead!

Are you feeling any better??

I so hope so!

Remeber that ole song  &quot;WE  gonna  hold on!  to each other!&quot;
Hugs to you KRIS on this dreary Sunday!
I will check on you Monday
Make that dog let you take his picture too!
love you!
CIndyI know exactly how you feel, but look at how wonderful this turned out in spite of everything! The background mix of coloured bokeh is just gorgeous. :)This is gorgeous, Kris...I'm glad you found this lone leaf...it is perfect and goes so well with what you wrote about holding on. The focus, the tones, the dof are all AMAZING!Great shot !It may have been the only willing subject, but this shot is gorgeous! So perhaps it was the subject that was always meant to be. And the insight that you gained from taking a picture of this little wayward leaf about holding on...yes, this was most definitely your intended subject today...you just didn't know it! 

Love this, Kris!this is an incredible shot.  sometimes the fact that nobody will cooperate with your camera is just the inspiration you need to go searching, and you found something amazing here and captured it beautifully.You captured it beautifully!  I like the bokeh.
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)I really love this!wowwee.  Gorgeous!  tHe smooth bokeh is wonderful and I just love the simplicity.  beautiful words too.Wow, this is an inspiration - you've got a great eye!This is an incredible image ... it speaks volumes! I love your writing too ... I think you were destined to have this little leaf be your subject today, and you did it justice, my friend, it's beautiful!oh my, this is just WONDERFUL!!!Well, just to set you straight...I'm not throwing up!  What you wrote is endearing because you were honest and spoke from you heart and that can never be dribble!

I really like this shot, Kris. I like more that you let your camera speak for your heart!  Hugging you!!!  

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)Gorgeous! I think the leaf may have been holding on for you to take a picture.  It obviously provoked many emotions for you, which means it has served a purpose.  Well done!I'm holding on too...wonderfully done!awww this is beautiful.  sorry your day wasnt so good, but tomorrow is another one :) I hope the sun will shine soon again !Stunning!!!Sooooo nice. Great shot !.................❤I feel like this leaf.  Thank you for sharing...oh and 
nothing you wrote was dribble.  We've all been there.
This image is captivating and obviously tells a story.Oh no...isn't that just how things go sometimes?? It's a thankless job my friend...when India refuses to cooperate with me I will usually bribe her with something. LOL...it works most of the time! Love this photograph, it's very beautiful and moody! m-Oh, this depth is stunning!  I love your words too and wish you luck on hour project!  Hang in there with life's  frustrations and take solace in the fact that He is ever faithful!so beautiful!Love this picture. You did hide the clutter under the bokeh very well :)
And you know, I struggle a bit with the dead things out there as well. 
Just to let you know, you are not alone.Wow, sounds like you and I had kind of the same day today!  Oftentimes I feel like this leaf too. Your words are a great reminder and exactly what I need to keep in my favorites for particularly rough days.  Thank you. 

Gorgeous image.  I especially love the colors- not winter yet not quite spring.I'll hold onto to it all. Thank you for sharing the journey you made to manifest this singular and sensational leaf out of your day...it makes the shot that much more special. :)wonderful image and sentimentI hope you are feeling renewed this morning.....keep hanging on...remember all your blessings.  I will say a prayer that you are feeling better today.
this is gorgeous.....this is a beautiful shot! :)Beautiful... thank you so much for sharing this. :)What a strong little leaf!  This is beautiful with the brownish tones.oh that stupid leaf looks pretty awesome!!WHOA... Wow. I adore this, what an incredible photo! I love the little leaf.great shot.. and its not a bunch of junk. I definitely agree. holding on is all you can do. inspiring photo for the day.  have a wonderful tuesday, thanks for sharing.No throwing up you of great words but definitely a giggle, a dead squirrel, that's yuck! :)Loole : i miss yyou alot  i uploade it 4 youh coz like u'r NAME :pMashallah         

Mashallah **           Mashalla &lt;3__&lt;3
abd3ti 7bebti :***fddethhacute mashalahmashallaaah she's so cute &lt;3thanks all 4 passing :*cuute &lt;33Cuuta &lt;33 !(A)adorable:*3AJEEEBA EL9ORA
&lt;3 it
raw3aaaaaaaaaa
keep going
Comment my new pic plzzzzz + noteso cute
mashalhthanks ;)mashaala  3leha :** ..tstahl loole :&quot;cute just like youilmaha &lt;3_&lt;3
thanks 4 passing suga.&amp;maha :pmashalla :)alahh e7fa'9ha &lt;3..merci

Niice one from U
keep moviing forward
akeed FAV+
allah a7fdhaa

Coment Me ** plz

ŋiCėė,

 ρί!C...

ÀßÐÀ3...

Keep
 
IT 

Up...



عـلى حـرّ آلجـمـرAww, Cute &lt;3
Rby Y7f''9ha ;)Fdait lolo &lt;3
iloveyou
FAVE :*
Fdaiit,ha t,hbbl &lt;3 
Mashalaah (A) 
Alaah y7f'9ha (h5)
love you 3noosha &amp; fav &lt;3
i miss you 3nosh &lt;33hhhhhh chnha shway kbeera 3al m9a9a ;p
love the BG up there like totttttaly 
ilove u  3noosha kteeer ;*****Btw feeha mn 3fra shway :'DMashalaaah&lt;3 tjaannn *.*
god bless her &lt;3=* Mashalllaaa ;*LOL, what a cutie :* allah y7f'6haaaaaaanice

mashallh

&lt;3Mashalla :*mashalla cuteMashalla CuteNice pic 
Mashalla abda3 ;)
fdeatha alla ya7af'9ha 
cute FAV la3yoonchكبيره ؟! :|awwww lolo &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
she always reminds me of bella &lt;/3
i missed her so much =(

and what amazing photo !Tjnn , aaaaaa5 ya zeenha ;*** 
7beeet il shot , bs 7beeetch more (L)_(L)ccccuuuuuuttttttteeeeeeee .. i miss u my princess &lt;'3 !cute mashallah ;*Nice baby
i l o v e y o u
b j n o o n y a 9 a ' 3 e r asoo cute like u 3nosha ;*3nooooosshhaaa :O :&quot;) fdaaiitch ana :** thhaaanks millione babe it's mean alot sugar :&quot;**** w soo cuute &amp; adoreable mashalla x&quot;&quot;&quot;))) rabi y7f'9haa &lt;3 fdaait elsmya ana ;) ;*** w ilove el-edit (L)____(L) great work ya a7la classmate w i miss yooouh even morre :&quot;O &lt;333
iLOOOOOOOOOOVVVVEEEu FOREVER babe :') :* &amp;&amp; thhhaanks♥♥♥Mashallah *soosy/amalinoo/toofi/maha/dlolzy&amp;starshine : i love you all even more &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 , thanks alote :**LOOLEpop: thanks i love you more (L), you deserve more &lt;3 
and miss you akthar 7yaty &lt;3_&lt;37ayatii mashalla cute(LL)mashalla cute 
well taken 
comment meبسم الله عليها تجنن

ربي يحفظها

صوره جميله جدا

دمتي مبدعهthanks all 4 passingMashallah 

&lt;333thnxLovely&lt;33 
Mashalla :**
 sooo cuutteee Mashalla ;** 
 Love you 3nosha Miss youu wajeed ='( 
 Faav l3yoonchnice edit

faaavzz

comment me plzzi miss/love you more MK
thanx guys :pThen you find a nice warm spot on the road and rest a bit:



Aaaah, that's a nice spot!



Then when the time is right, evacuate!



After you're done, turn around without getting your tail dirty and head back to the water...leaving a heap in the road for tourists to step on.

I have to say you are lucky to witness this natural experience!  Great photo of the Gator walking too!LMAO... You need to tag this so Alan knows where the munchies are!LOL!  I think this is a first for me!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )That is perfect art, pure &amp; simple!  Nice poopy get!Too funny!!!LOL!   That's soo funny!  Good shooting!lol!!!!  Funny!That is gross but HILARIOUS!!! AH hahahaFacinating series of shots.This is a really nice series, I know that the subject matter might offend some but that is their problem.  We do not often get to see let alone photograph such a moment and that the series should stand on its own merits and that it is a natural moment in nature.  Wild animals have no sense of inhibition.LOL!!!  Great series!LOL.. I take it he's not a fan of the tourists then..Fantastic series! I never even thought of how gator handles #2 problem  ;) Now I know.LOL... awesome series of shots and great commentary. Not so sure I actually wanted to know, but hey, at least I know now to watch my step.
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Hi, I'm an admin for a group called *Free Nature*, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Makes sense to me!
Nice series and great information!!!  :)This really should be in Explore ...
or National Geo...  or something!    ;)brrrr ... che paura!

ciao ;-)



Excellent - well done!
 *Free N A T U R E*

So that's how it is working. Very interesting.Excellent - well done!
 *Free N A T U R E*

Awesome, Heather!!! How cool to see and shoot this!

Seen in :
 
Florida Outdoors (Post One, Comment One)
And please be a Friend and Comment !Seen in :

Florida Outdoors (Post One, Comment One)
And please be a Friend and Comment !Fantastic sequence !!!lol this is great!
Seen in :
 
Florida Outdoors (Post One, Comment One)
And please be a Friend and Comment !Ridiculous ideas
Great shot :)Aah the flip! =) Great stuff!AAu :-SS:D mojai pelam bola jay :D

Seen this shot in:
Through The Lens: Bangladesh

Pool.


dekhte giye ulta hoye gelam...:P
valo hoise....:)That is pretty hardcore ridiculous! Is that the freaky-torch you had mentioned earlier? I can't quite put my hands on the source of luminescence :S It looks like a candle and yet it burns like a bulb, what is it?

Have you seen the Futurama episode titled &quot;Parasite Lost&quot; ? Might explain your sudden surge of lunacy ;)

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

hmmm..the many shades of torchi :D

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

উল্টা!!!হাহ হাহ...
what an idea!!!.

nice on checreepy ideas come in the darkness. awesome&quot; Kopal vijiya gelo noyoner jole&quot; ...Next line ki hobe? ...&quot;pa dukhani badha chilo gacher o dale&quot;.. choto belai sunchilam..:)Excellent shotMoteo na. It's getting more brilliant by the day. Shucheta, you're really one of a kind, you're an absolute gem (= 

Love your looks in both 

--
Seen in the group&quot;Bangladeshi Photographers&quot; (?)shu, you just make me smile with all these ideas =P

And you look really sweet in both =)a bit GothicParanormal activities...!!!! ;-)
chomotkar...!!he he seems  during the awakening of the ghost type rituals...........the shadow cast looked like a porthole to a another world.seemed a demon taking its form in the bigger getting shadow......

yo boss another conceptual mojo.............beshi joss...................moza paisiiiiiiibesh sahosh..........:P

This photograph was seen on the pool of BUET-PS 

Where do U get all this great Ideas..... ?
Aewsome........ridiculously goodOMG !! THIS IS ABSALUTE PHOTOGRAPHY !!
FENTASTIC CONSEPT AND AMAZING RESULTS..!!
 Brilliant Exposure... LOVE IT !!
Have A Great Day My Friend !!2 ta chobi e khub pochondo hoyeche..prothom ta to khub different are ditiotar blue shed khub mojar...Entertained, impressed but I this is quite expected from the CHE .. so in CHE terms, not ridiculous, just original =Dlikes....like the strength in your eyes ..........Great ideahahahahah Torchi =D I loved that!qué efecto más chulo y más curioso ...Un foton oscar, me gusta mucho!!!!!!!!!!!Espectacular!Me gusta mucho el cielo que has conseguido
Felicidades Oscarmiralo ,,, miralo ,, haciendo nocturnas el tio ,, y yo sin enterarme ,,, 
ya estas bautizado ,,,
mu chula... si señor ...No, si  al que madruga. . .  ;-)

Una atmósfera increíble, muy currada.

Enhorabuena! 



Fotógrafos de Valladolid. 
¡¡¡ Buena Foto !!! Preciosa Oscar,..vaya cielo!! Espectacular.SaludosBuenisima foto, el cielo espectacular!no habrá amanecido,pero de ses cielo parece que vqa a salir Dios,desppués de una siestawow, great mood and beautiful texture. It's in direction on the sea :Dreweacyjne, wyglada troche jak obraz z kiedys, superlove the mood
beautiful!superbvery nice, i like the texturein a word...wow! this is such a compelling atmosphere..i love that fence framing the shot..your processing and tones is nothing short of masterfulthanks guys! ;)rewelacja
Komentarz z grupy: Polacy fotografujący.Love the treatment. Very nice feel to this.bardzo nastrojowo, trochę tęskno mi teraz...
Komentarz z grupy: Polacy fotografujący.beautiful winter story...! ;)This is wonderful, Liliana!  So evocative.  Like the beginning of a story.Hi, I'm an admin for a group called ~~monochromatically moody, and we'd love to have this added to the group!ooo this is magnificent...
super mood and processing!Klimatowe. Fajna komopozycja.Rewelacja! Bardzo mi sie podoba!Great composition and texture!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )Congratulations!!! your photo reach Explore Front Page
You can download the capture in lab.bernatcasero.com/flickr/frontpagecapture?user=2896122...BeautifulVery nice! Congrats on the explore!Fantastic image :)

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)This is just gorgeous!Seen in monochromatically moody
   monochromatically moody beautiful texture! congrats on FP!Nice!I Love this photoSplendid, and congrats for the FP !Super!Excellent!awesome winter shot
!!!Beautiful!!!!Congrats on making it to Front Page! You can grab the FP screenshot here:
clipyourphotos.com/FP/screenshot/22604

You can keep track of your FP photos in the future here. :)love the lighting in this!! :)liliana - well-deserved front page, my friend!!!! love it.Lovely in explore!!

that is indeed such a great photo!Brilliant!!I love this. Great shot with great editing. Nicely done.Love this!! :o)thanks everyone! ;)very nice!What a great picture.Really good scene!!congratulations!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Mr. Johnson's Favorites, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

&gt;&gt;&gt;seen on
1-2-3 groupGreat composition!
--
Seen in the group&quot;1-2-3&quot; ( ?² )Superb!!Great! l like the tone and the atmosphere.beautiful shotPreciosa !Well done excellent work an processingsuperb

&gt;&gt;&gt;seen on
1-2-3 groupwow...das ist unglaublich!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Vision Quality Group / Invite only, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

Excellent compo...!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called The Oracle of Photographic Excellence (Admin Invite Only)+25 Fav, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Great shot.. wow.Wonderful job! I like this one alot...Congrats!

Hi, I'm an admin for a group called SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful treatment!!very nice.

1-2-3 groupgreat processing...lovely image!wonderful imageIts a great shot !! 

Congratulations! Your photo has been nominated as a Real Magic
You are invited : to post your wonderful picture to Real Magic
Please : read the Group Rules and tag your photo RealMagic
Post 1~Fave 1~Comment 2I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
great shot &amp; excellent processing
--
Seen in the group&quot;1-2-3&quot; ( ?² )Please add your photo to 

Please tag your photo &quot;Vision Group&quot;Bardzo mi sie podoba! Brrrr ale zimno!I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
Excellent image.

Congrats on Explore.Your photo was viewed in 

Thank you for sharing your visiona masterpiece of melancholy. love it.I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
Excellent!

Your photo was viewed in 

Thank you for sharing your visionVery beautiful photo !!!


Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  Innamoramento (Admin Invite Only), and we'd love to have this added to the group!that's a fantastic concept.

Your photo was viewed in 

Thank you for sharing your visiongreat mood and texture. fabulous!
Your photo was viewed in 

Thank you for sharing your visionWonderful image!


Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~Seen in :


Innamoramento
(Admin Invite Only)
Kindly tag Innamoramentovery nice indeedThis Original Artwork Was Seen In:


Texture Squared


Please tag the photo with: &quot;Texture Squared&quot; Hi, I'm an admin for a group called FotoPlazza, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Seen in: 
...-Mr. Johnson's Favorites-...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Arrebata2 - Admin invite only - (Post 1 - Comment 1), and we'd love to have this added to the group!Wow, amazing, the kinda shot I wish had taken.This Original Artwork Was Seen In:


Texture Squared


Please tag the photo with: &quot;Texture Squared&quot; L’ adeguato ed appropriato viraggio ha consentito di dare un’impronta, un carattere esclusivo al fotogramma.

Complimenti per l’ottima immagine restituita nella quale il corretto bilanciamento cromatico accompagnato da una gradevolissima nitidezza e l’ottima risoluzione ha restituito una immagine veramente piacevole. 

Ben curato il bilanciamento del bianco e la restituzione dei toni nell’insieme dell’immagine.
Nuovamente  complimenti per la gradevolissima foto

I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
Seen in :


Innamoramento
(Admin Invite Only)
Kindly tag InnamoramentoGreat shot!!!!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Flickr One [the #1 once a week posting group on Flickr], and we'd love to have this added to the group!

love the mood

I saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
A photo of Photographic Excellence!
This excellent photo was seen in

THE ORACLE of PHOTOGRAPHIC EXCELLENCEbaaaardzo klimatyczne. brawo!
Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~A triumph!wow...lovely tones!



Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~zejście nad morze... a zamiast piasku śnieg... fantastyczna praca:)thank you all very, very, very, very, very, very, very much! ;DI saw this Gorgeous Image in the  SQUARE GALLERY [P1/A1] 
Love it !!
Beautiful!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called 4~THE~ART=T~INVITE ONLY~, and we'd love to have this added to the group!

excellentI love this location and that fence. The texture works so well on this!
Stunning image!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Cafe Elite , and we'd love to have this added to the group!

great image!


Seen in: Real Magic 

Contest : FoG is opened ~
Join it thank you ~Excellent image ~ love the texture!Super klimat.This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/truely artistic!This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/Seen in monochromatically moody
   monochromatically moody I saw this in

4~THE~ART=T~
post 1 award 2Visto en / Seen in

Arrebata2Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Are you dreaming my memory ?, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I can understand why this is so well liked.  Wonderful, wonderful piece.Really wonderful shot!!
Where was it taken?Thank you for sharing!

Seen in Are You Dreaming My Memoryfabulous!Superb...a big fave!!!Wonderful capture.. fabulous work
Thank you for sharing!

Seen in Are You Dreaming My MemoryHi, I'm an admin for a group called Nullerz Gallery  (Admin invite Only) P1/C3 *SWEEPER  ACTIVE* , and we'd love to have this added to the group!


 Wonderful work 
INVITATION to post within Nullerz Gallery 

Your great photo invited to Nullerz Gallery 
By The Admin Invitation Only

~~~~We are a SWEEPER ACTIVE group~~~~
 Acceptance of invite requires...POST 1...AWARD 3Great work.


I saw this in

4~THE~ART=T~
post 1 award 2feels lonely and cold and somehow wonderful...Hi, I'm an admin for a group called About you - P1/C2 Sweeper - New Topics Awards 5+, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superbe travail !

This shot is Truly Elite! As seen in the Cafe Elite pool.
www.flickr.com/groups/cafe_elite/I saw this in

4~THE~ART=T~
post 1 award 2Hi, I'm an admin for a group called EYE ZOOM ! ESTHETIQUE ! ( INVITE ONLY ), and we'd love to have this added to the group!perfectly wonderful!!!beautiful tonalities.Visto en / Seen in

Arrebata2A photo of Photographic Excellence!
This excellent photo was seen in

THE ORACLE of PHOTOGRAPHIC EXCELLENCEAbsolutely amazing work. Love your stuff.I saw this in

4~THE~ART=T~
post 1 award 2Seen in :


Innamoramento
(Admin Invite Only)
Kindly tag InnamoramentoHi, I'm an admin for a group called 
The Art Lair
[Admin Invite / post 1 - award 2]


And we'd love to have this added to the
group!
But DON'T join &amp; post if you don't award 2
otherHi, I'm an admin for a group called Like a movie in Colors, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I saw this in 

4~THE~ART=T~ 
post 1 award 2such good texture!Wonderful B&amp;W treatment and capture. Love it!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )- I am actually jealous, haven't seen any snow this year :)Perfect~Beautiful winter capture Malcolm......Excellent compo! Nice tones and mood!beautiful landscape!! great mood!

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)great capture, very moody and atmospheric, looks very coldLovely mood in this shot, well composed. Nice work.No snow here either. Never had. Never will ;)
Snow really brings a silent mood in the surroundings most of the trime.Wow ... sometimes winter presents in B/W - and I do believe you that it is full colour.  Really brings home a point.  Like it.tired of snow? absolutely! esp. since we were dumped w/ another 2ft yesterday : (     but not tired of your photos! this is lovely.I like the mood you have captured!  It has been snowy and drab here too.beautiful!! great tones! Your Absolutely Stunning 'Scape should be shared with our group. Please join us and comment on 1 other 'Scape. Invited Photos Only. Please tag your photo with &quot;AbsolutelyStunningScapes&quot;Great image!! Nice workawesome comp! Really cool scene with dramatic tonesJust an incredible capture Malcolm, love the B&amp;W here, stunningIn the thumbnail it looked like a b&amp;w image. Nicely composed winter scenery.if the snow looks this good and its in a picture and not on my road ill take it, great image 

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)awesome wintery shot, great workExcellent composition Malcolm.very beautiful composition...Cracking image Malcolm :)wonderful image!

Please add this beautiful photo to CITRIT,Best of yours!
Citrit group


Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice image.  I love the tiny bit of yellow from the road! Thanks for sharing!fantastic tones and perspective!:) smiles....I feel your pain! We had 6&quot; Friday and expecting 8 more today! Really nice image!Great tones and compo. Nice work! :)Nice! I like that little streak of yellow and we're very tired of the snow around here!stunning!!!!really beautiful!Gorgeous work.great comp! love the treegreat treatment! the mood is brilliantgreat shot, beautifulAre you serious this has had no B&amp;W treatment? WOW No wonder you are over it..... Great capture though.Great winter shot ! Amazing how it looks like a black and white !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Congratulations! Your photo is a winner!
Please post your winning photo to the group pool.
You also have 30 minutes to start a new challenge!

 

--
Seen in a discussion of the group &quot;The Challenge Factory &quot; (?)I like the comp and the color!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )wonderful captureThis shot certainly captures the dark and dreary feeling of the winter season 

It's much worse up hereSuperb. A great black and white print.this Amazing Work deserves a Crown !

 Royal Group, +21'000 Flickers wear the Crown ! Biengood ideathanks guysthanks guysWhat a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)thank u costa u just broke the news to me. i didnt even know.Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Excellent BW!

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardcool shot
This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)[http://www.flickr.com/photos/37531245@N08/4258480100/sizes/s/]

This is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis is a masterpiece!

. . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

If you receive 5 awards, Post here
If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post hereThis rocks!
This brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardSeen in: 



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5This brilliant photo is awarded a Nikon-flickr-Award!
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award (post1 – award 3) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAward”
Please post this photo to  Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5)  if this photo received 5 or more of this awardVery nice portrait

Seen in:



Flickr Bronze Award 
Post 1, and award 5Wonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)coolWonderful image!

Thank you for sharing with us....
Pole Star(Post.2+Comment 5)
Please download quality photos!!
his photo is a good sample in the flickr. It is awarded the flickr Award!
  
 flickrAward (post1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “flickrAward”
Please post the photo to flickr Award 5+ thread if you received 5 or more of this award 
Please join the monthly challenge: flickr Photo of the MonthThis Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)excellent tonesthis is extremely Good:) 
Congratulations! from
 *★ Beautiful Shot ★
  ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choicegreat lighting - cool effect!



 This Great Photo bubbled in the Photo Distillery! 
Please tag your photo with 'Distillery'.This is a masterpiece!
    
    . . . Seen in Art of Images (♥Add 1 - Award 3♥)

    ***NEW CONTEST OPEN***

    If you receive 5 awards, Post here
    If you receive 6 Awards &amp; 6 Faves, Post here ☆Brilliant Photography☆
 
Post 1,Award 3 of your choiceVery cool shot!!!!!

This Image Is Music To My Eyes!
Music To My Eyes - (post 1 - give an award to 5)

--
Seen in the group&quot;*Music To My Eyes*-(Post 1 - Award 5) Comment Sweeper is running&quot; (?)
Seen in:
“Dreams Came True” (Post1 / Award 2)

 This Great Photo bubbled in the Photo Distillery! 
Please tag your photo with 'Distillery'.very nice


 This beautifull shot was in - Esta bellísima imagen fue vista en:



The Photo Distillery (Post 1 Comment on 2) (Sube 1 Comenta 2)
Seen in:
“Dreams Came True” (Post1 / Award 2)

Award:
This remarkable image was seen in:
The Exquisite Capture Grouplove the colors combo!oh, i love this shot...
wonderful colors and composition xi like the simpleness.Thank you!lekker vrolijk muurtje
fijne zondagvery nice contrast!!!I've got exately the same clock and I love it so much! (-:
Anyway, I love the colour of the background, it's just so great! and with the red..i dunno, it fits well! good choice. The composition is also awesome, love the books too, it was a good idea!
great shot!I love the colors!!fantastic tones!!nice shot

one a dayHeel mooi!Great composition and color!lovely composition!So nice of you all, thanks!I have that type book, its wonderful. patiently waiting for the second volume to come out. I covet that clock. ;-)Oh yes, the clock... lucky me. The typeface collection book is amazing, so much eyecandy. :)Excellent!!!Niiiiiice.  Love the minimalism...
ddGreat shadow behind the chair...and nice colors...excellent capture!so lovely colors ;) 
nice shot :)nice !!simple and awesome at the same time!I like this but it seems slightly off axis...I don't know what makes this such a great shot. It just is :)Thank you all!Love this photo, so simple and so powerful. Love the turquoise with the brown. Congrats!Brilliant shot! Love it!gorgeous colors - fantastic composition
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )So simple and effective.
Het licht zit ook heel mooiIt looks like a robot! I love iti love this!Im inlove lols ,this is awesome :Dthis is so cute :)I Love It!!!!!!!!!!!:D ^_^omg this is so beautiful! thank you for uploading it!Ikr?^I think i'm in love xD
adooraableee.
xomg this is amazing &lt;3so cute!I saw him a while back in Dublin.
He had more energy than the whole crowd put together. 
Pure legend.Hey, it's not Monday yet (not for us anyway ; ))
But.... Great shot for this week's theme!Fabulous!cOOl Mm ..... !Love it.Nice shot.Cool MM. I'm a bit of a fan too.Great vinyl and terrific concept for this week's MM!he was an inovator and awesome at what he did.i miss vinyl.david bowie in a disco trash outfit
i like!This is cool in so many ways. Love the historic reference heredon't roll your eyes.. i think i konw ONE david bowie song.. and the first time I saw him was in the movie Zoolander.. lolJeg kunne ikke være mere enig! Sådan!These two photos are so cool NisLife on Mars, not on Earth!

:-)Love the vinyl...I'm so jealous...thought I was lucky to have the original ziggy stardust LP but this is sooo cool....He has a new live album out on I-Tunes...well worth the money. 30 odd songs....he still has it!! !(Sorry a little off topic but I love Bowie)I like this one too. One of my favorite Christmas songs is David Bowie singing with Bing Crosby &quot;Little Drummer Boy&quot;... such a contrast in singers...Gotta love Bowie.He is truly amazing....have you seen him lately? He looks even better, it's just like in that movie The Hunger. There's something mystical about him =) Amazing collection you have!Über cool MM series, Nis!
I love how this shot combines your photography and graphic design talent.to me he came differently. But well i adored him anyway and still!Muy JIMY!!!!!! 
Me da miedo y todo!!!! 
Pero mola que tremolaaaa!!!!Que buena........................... jajajaaa como se te va de vez en cuando pero me gusta el resultado¡¡¡¡
Duermes???? Tengo un problemaaa............... jajajajaaaaMarylin Muchilu !!! Que mieeeedoooo payoooo !!!Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado Self Centered Sunday y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.a mi no me mires asi que me da miedo!!!!!
muy buena idea, foto, procesado.....me gusta.
un abrazorrrrAle y ahora me dirás que tu no tocas el photoshop. jejeQuina por Joan ...! Sincerament, crec que se te dòna millor fer fotos que fer de model, encara que pens també que et deveres divertir molt. 
No toquis massa sa D700 que t'&quot;encarinyaràs&quot; ...Great work and congrats for your new camera!estoy con murdokibz en cuanto la he visto me a recordado a Marylin Manson...Si que es a lo Marylin Manson,....molt guapa,...m'agrade aquet punt agresiu...

Besote guapu.que pasada! muy guapa
saludosME mola es High KEY , , en mola es cut out , , en molas tú .
dame un beso ...:))Total!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Menuda ida de olla, jeje, xD.... a mi no te vuelves a acercar con  esos murritussss jaja.

Una abrazo 

--
Seen on my Flickr home page. (?)Marylin... No tens nassos a venir a una kedada amb aquestos morrets!!Ala, fruittiiiiiiiiiiiiii, ¿eres tú? Ahí te pareces un poco a Marilyn Manson. ¿Será por ese ojo tan cantón? XDDDDDDDDDDDDAy madre !!!!!Manson!
jaja, genial.aah rosa, this is amazing! that dress(/sheet?) is beautiful, and I love the polaroids :)These are both amazing!holy crap whered you pull out that dress? and this is gorgeous. and your hair is amazing.thank you rosa, Biba||, and monika :)

and my mom is selling this  wedding dress and i was suppose to model it so she can put it on the internet and sell it, but i decided to do my own thing with it for a while haha :)love the color consistency...and the one with the chair is really cool.i love all the whiitteee !i love this :D
haha, is your hair still curled from yesterday? :)so beautiful! great composition :)i like how the dress is kind of enveloping you, if you know what i mean....
love the one in the comments as well!it does look really good without the outlet ^^Wow! This is excellent! And what a mysterious story photo and text make... ;-)thank you britneyoctopus, skylerBurkhart, and digi / Jeroen.

and thank you so much monika! i put it in the caption and credited you :)haha you're welcome :)Wowwwww.Wooooow!! incredible shots!! *-*Your stream is one amazing picture after another!love love love this! beautiful dress and pose :)these are amazing, dear :) i love them both!These are gorgeous! I love the color combination.this is so beautiful. I love the white, it looks so cleani know this is over said but this must be the most beautiful photo i've seen in a while.! its goregous thank you for posting it :)i love the one in comments! amaaazing idea &amp; lightingso amazinggggggggggggggggohh my the second one is m favorite~ ^^
very nice pictures :]Hi, I'm an admin for a group called |Female Photographers| (P1-C3) Contest - Winter, and we'd love to have this added to the group!i loved loved loved her dress! amazing white here :)wow
you need to take more picture in this dress!* Excellent *your pictures are amazing!These are soooo stunning. Great idea and great execution, congrats on explore, you deserve it.oooooh I love this! very beautiful!!oh my god, these are amazing! :Dthanks everyone :Dthese are so so incredible &lt;3 

and all the white is really gorgeous.such a beautiful dress!hehe nice Rosa creativity &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3both are beautiful!!! ahhh i'm soo jealous of your creativity! :)Hooo very nice!woww. this is stunning!I love the one in comments! Beautiful shot.beautiful
awesome whiteness
i like the one in the comments tewwwwwYour photo screams Photographer !!!
Thank you for sharing with us

 ***SCREAM OF THE PHOTOGRAPHER*** 
so cool photo :D !nice idea, and love the coulors!!PERFETTA !!!
PERFECT !!!

Flickr's Friends!bellissimo scatto..peccato per quei flares nella parte sinistra ma tutto sommato un'eccellente realizzazioneStupenda!!!!
 
che colori poi!!!!Che colori!!!! E che controluce!!! Ottima prova
Vista su:
POTENZA NIKON 
Diamo Assistenza ai tuoi occhi Fotografici

quanto mi piace questa foto...inquasratura e colori di altissimo livello.i miei complimentibellissimaaaa!!!!bella davvero :-)Ciao, sono amministratore di un gruppo chiamato Talk the talk. Ci farebbe piacere aggiungere l’elemento al gruppo.Ottimo scatto!molto bello!!!!!!!!!!!SPETTACOLO! Complimenti per l'indice de fuego che ha scattato al momento giusto :)questo è un vero spettacolo, complimenti :-)Very cool picture....I like itawsombalzare sulla città,attraversare il tramonto con tutta la forza che si ha nelle gambe.
scatto poetico e surreale,grandiosa.awesome shoot and processing here, man! really really good lights and colours...!  very well done.
great job!it looks like Monoton ;-)

nice shot.Nice billede.   !
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )i love that place! have you got any more photos from down there?Yeah I have some more waiting to be processed, and I'm going down there again in a few days. :-)the rabbit reminds me of &quot;Inland empire&quot; from David Lynch.....C00L!You are crazy ! ....Inna very good way ! :-)Like &quot;Donnie Darko&quot;...[http://www.flickr.com/photos/ill-tempered/4337386672/]so cute! love the grey tonesGreat diptych Jakov! Such a cute subject &lt;3 who would have imagined that observing it would lead to such an analytical description...yes, really like the tones.You wouldn't want to be a snail...not when its being eaten by a hedgehog thats for sure!!sure helps Jak....take some 'me' time and you will be as good as new....love this diptych...I particularly think that sometimes going slow like a snail helps put alot of stuff in our heads into perspective...:)Wonderful focus !
--
Seen in the group&quot;DOFalicious!&quot; (?)The very low perspective worked really well here. I love the depth of field too. Very good!MAN! The dof is SUPERB!molto molto bella.... anche come luce....... complimenti...i almost want to see it move.Very nice work, very clever presentation.beautiful tones,sky,view and everything...
magnificent...!!stunning image and starsVery nice composition...superb sky!konposizio bikaina!
ederra argazkia!Impressive and beautiful night shotImpresionante David, el toque de color le va muy bien, y que decir del lugar enamora.
¿Que tal el labio y la rodilla?
Esta claro que es un lugar para no ir solo!!!!

(si no llueve esta tarde igual me acerco a Barrika)Impresionante foto David, espero que después de ver el resultado de la foto, se te quitasen todos los dolores.
Para que luego digan que sacar fotos no es arriesgado.
saludos.Desde luego, desde que te sigo en Flickr, cada día tengo más ganas de pasarme unos días por tus tierras para hacer fotos...Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado LandscapeArt (post 1 comment 3) y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.

a really great capture DavidGreat light and tones!! That sky full of stars is perfect

Hola, soy el administrador de un grupo llamado [ Wonders of Nature ] y nos encantaría agregar esto al grupo.3200 ISO... WOW... have gotta get me a 5D ;-)

Beautifully captured shot, must have been hard to get the composition in those lighting conditions!!!Excelent foto - great workgeniall muy buenaPues es para alucinar el resultado de 37 segundos a ISO3200... Una toma fantástica! Saludos!Honi esaten al zaio kolpe bat hartutakoan &quot;izarrak ikustea&quot;, jajajajaja
Zer moduz zu eta zer moduz atzo?

Argazkia espazioko pelikula baten dekoratua izan liteke lasai asko.

Ondo izanSorry to hear about the injuries, but it sure is a very pretty picture.  Way cool stars and color.Beautiful composition~Komentarioa egin baño lehen faboritotara eraman dut!
O sea que esta es la foto que tomaste en Gaztelugatxe cuando Joserra comentó que fuisteis los dos a las 2:30? 
Pues lo del labio partido una putada, pero esta foto es como para estar mirándola hasta que se te cure el labio!!!
Es una pasada ese cielo de fondo (bueno, más que cielo lo que tú dices, Universo).
Una fotaza David!!!No te digo, si hasta queda guapa la catedral por la noche.
Muy buena tocayo.

--
Vista en las fotos de mis contactos. (Yo tambi&eacute;n quiero esto)Beautiful colors in that sky. The rock formations are very interesting.Stunning.La fotografía como afición de alto riesgo cuando se quieren hacer cosas así.  La verdad es que visto el resultado quizás yo también pactaría un koskorrón (con lo miedica que soy...)
Tienes la virtud de ponernos los dientes largos.Nunca está justificado lo que hay que pasar por hacer un fotón como este, pero es el riesgo que hay que correr.
Ha valido la pena, si señor.La considero bestial y una composición espectacular.
Asi que ha pegarse coscorrones para sacar cosas como esta :D

Saludos.otro pedazo de foto.tienes que hacer mas de estas.
la verdad es que poco nos pasa pa los sitios por los que andamos..
por cierto,si tiro yo con mi olympus a 3200iso la foto va directamente a la papelera jaja
aunque eso ya lo sabes tu bien..Todo un espestáculo ese cielo estrellado, pero la de Joserra a 6400 tiene menos ruido...je,je.Ederrerra komposizio bikaina eta zeru asko gustatzen zait, leku horretako argazki mordoa ikusita duakat, baina gauekoa eta zeru horrekin ez, zorionak.

AiooooJo!!! Izarrez beteriko zeru edarra!! Kontuz harri bustiekin!!!I saw your beautiful Landscape in:



LandscapeArt

Post 1 Comment 3I saw your beautiful Landscape in:



LandscapeArt

Post 1 Comment 3I lovelovelove those numbers, they are just what I need to do number practice with me son.  This is a way cool shot, Jerry, hbm :)Nice one, Jerry.
Happy Monday:)What a cute idea!  love it!  HBMLove it:-)
HBM!!!!Good idea Jerry, and yes HL needs to start paying you =)
HMB. xoGreat shot Jerry!Hee Hee Im off to Hobby Craft in a few weeks time I may just have to borrow this idea ... HBM!muy original!!!...HBM!!oh, love this shot Jerry - i love the letters!! happy bench monday, have a wonderful valentines week...  xthat is just fabulous!  so creative.  HBM!OH!! Now that is creative!! HBM, Thanks for your comment!!! Great shot &amp; Lovely composition!!!:O great idea :)
HBM!!!!!!!!Cool idea!


Seen in  Bench Monday
Nice!!! HBM!great shot Jerry ............... thanksyour hobby lobby shots. crack me up!!!!  I'm addicted to Hobby Lobby, too!!!  HBM, Jerry!!!:)VERRRRRRY creative, Jerry....I heard about Hobby Lobby on flickr..had to go check it out myself...that place is HUGE...:-)HBMhaha! love all the neutral tones.  hbm!I think this is your best BM shot yet -- great creativity, Jerry!LOL!  Great idea!!!Snow is coming =Dlol, good job jerry!
i have a lot of catching up to do!Fun idea!! HBM!! (belated ...) ;o)Ahahaha, this is GREAT! I miss ole HobLob, as we do not have them here, but Joanns is heaven enough. Thanks for your comment and yes the little was up and laughing today:) HBM!This is awesome, so creative!Explored - congrats!!! Went to Hobby lobby &quot;over there&quot; They cartainly have a lot of stuff!Great shot!
hbm :o)OMG....I missed HBM this week...but not you ma friend...
YOU SOOOO ROCK.... I love that you did this!!!!
Has anyone ever told you how cool you are???
Well???? You are!!!!!HAPPY BIRTHDAY
this is really incredible
love the nineteen dots :]wow! 10 minutes and this? you're  talented.I love this!! its reallly bright n the black and white looks amazing!I love how you told me it's nothing special and then it turns out to be gorgeous. =)happy birthday! love the photo regardless of the fact it took 10 minutes. cool smoke too.Love the hat and make-up! Happy Birthday (again!)happy birthday :x:x
wish u all the best ss :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Waking Into the Dream(1 Post/3 Awards!!!), and we'd love to have this added to the group!

genial...and happy birthday!!happy bday :)Happy Birthday, great picture for only 10 minutes to spare.Andrea -

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR ANDREA,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!!!!!!!

Thanks for blessing Rosey and I with your gifted talent of 365. You sure have a wonderful range of ideas and you put them together so elegantly and professionally.

Love and blessings,

Clive and Rosey xxxxxxxxxxMy first comment here~
Happy Birthday Andrea! =]HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!! WOW! Congratulations. You are so lovely, and this is a wonderful photograph. Excellent location, and your expression is perfect. 

xoxoxoxoHappy birthday Andrea!  :D!  I hope you had an awesome birthday!  :)the composition of this is beautiful! happy bday!!hehe congrats on turning 19 Andrea! Do check your testimonials if you havent already =)completely stunning!  and, happy birthday!Happy birthday, very creative!happy happy bday!!! XD wow your a lil sis!! XD 
LOL i feel so old now XD

*hugs*aww Happy Birthday Andreea^_^Happy Birthday!~H~A~P~P~Y
~B~~D~A~Y~

Have a great day.happy birthday :D
this is fantastic, it has an alice and wonderland feel to itA very Happy Birthday to you!
Your work is amazing!Happy Happy Birthday...
Uh-oh Last year as a teen!! ;-)

This is really cool.. I shoot all day and have so few shots I like. Really only 10 minutes - wow!i love this photo andrea! like the smoke/fog effect and the make up on your eye! last year of your teens but a whole life left of an amazing young woman! Happy Birthday again!happy belated birthday
this is pretty cool, great job!遲來的生日祝願//
祝拍多D靚相(私心)awwwww, Andreaaaaaa!!! I'm soooooo behind!! 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!

You look so lovely!! :)

www.youtube.com/watch?v=rur5wKoua1oHappy birthday, andrea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!haha you look awesome! happy birthday once again =) I just wanted to give you surprise but maybe that'd take a LONG time! aha
take care xoLovely! &lt;3 Green suits her so well.Gorgeous shot of her!So pretty! I love Monomono girl!outtakes....


guess I'm first!  welcome back; you did well ... nice portrait with character.Such a heartwarming moment.  Brings an instant smile.  Beautiful against the red brick background.  A very sweet couple.  A great idea for a Valentine project.  Nice to see you back.  I've been missing your treasures.glad you're back Kelly!

nice series!Kelly, I love this new project here and glad to see you had fun on
these shots.... I think they did too.... LOL....

Glad to see you back my friend..... Hope to see more mon...her boyfriend looks like Thom Yorke.super cute! great work :) I've missed you on here!!Kelly its good to see you back
my friend i hope you are well.
and i wish you all the very best
with your project and with your
photo club.kind regards to you.

Applauding Talent Around the WorldLove the main shot. It's so fun and the light and focus is very good.Nice Kelly - like your first outtake.LOL, awesome!Fun and tender moment, well done :)

I saw this in:

 Female Photographers !!

5 Awards POST HERE !!
Weekly Contest 42 
FEBRUARY Contest : Winter
Join it - Thank you ~It looks as if you had some very cooperative subjects!! ;-) These are sweet and lovely... I love the red wall backdrop... and welcome back!I love their expressions....so playful. You bring out so much emotion and closeness in this particular image. It's nice to see.....and, it's nice to see you back!!All three of them are great shots.  That is too funny.   Hey I want you to kiss my daughter while I take photos.  LOL.  Not that it comes off that way, but if I were a kid and my g/f's mom said that to me.  I would be thrilled.  You can tell they had some fun doing this.  

Great job Kelly.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/clydes_friend/] ha ha, they're 20 and have been together over a year now....i'm not pervert loose Mom!!! but thanks for the shout out...perfect spontaneity and stunning negative spaces in the posted image....love the pull of that lip.  but something about the second one especially captures me.....the whirlwind of young love....when all of life is only about the connection between the two.....I love it.  

So great to see you!  I hope life is wonderful and you have been busy working away on that ever-growing bucket list!  :)))))oh kelly, these are wonderful!  fantastic collection of shots and perfect for a valentine's theme

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Wonderful shots they will cherish for years (at least I hope, or if they don't then it was all for the best, right?) - nice to see you posting again.....hey you, glad to have you back again, neat series of shots

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)this is so sweet! beautiful work!awwwww this is soooo cute ;)Glad to see you back around here kelly and these shots are darling!such fun...

are you back? we've missed you

you chose a great setting hereWonderful lovely series, the first one is such a warm hearted shot...thanks everyone, good to be back too!What a lot of fish.  Love the coloursLove the vibrant colours.  The swirling fish really draw you inGorgeous colours!

Seen in Magnificent Seven 2010Great colours and light!great colour.This is fabGorgeous, wonderful coloursfab colour and what a lot of fish!great coloursLove the colour in this.Lovely coloursClass work as always,Hi, I'm an admin for a group called {Figaro}, and we'd love to have this added to the group!Beautiful light throughout and great texture in the lamp shades - very impressive and very pleasing to view.Fantastic photo!
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )So elegant ~ beautiful grainy tones!!wonderfulLovely grain :)))Hi, I'm an admin for a group called  ╠Art Libre-Free Art-Arte Libre-Freie Kunst-INVITED PIX ONLY, and we'd love to have this added to the group!I see Rodinal works perfectly!
wonderful imageelegant .Great title! I love the title and tones!Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Quality Black &amp; White Images, and we'd love to have this added to the group!
Delightful !!!always admiring about the quality of your WORKS!awesome contrast n tone

--
Seen on the explore page. (?)Awesome! Barricade is one of my favorite character from transformers!Who's name is that(Nosaj Nos)?Beautiful!Nosaj Nos is Jason Son:-) backwards. I use this name only for my movie-cars.Thanks my friend:-)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called LEGO Movie &amp; Video Game Adaptions, and we'd love to have this added to the group!To punish and enslave...
Excellent work, well done.Thanks my friend;-)Love the light bar.Does it transform? :)
Very nice job!No,it´s only for the shelf.My Bumblebee is in progress to transform but it´s very difficult.Awesome.Love this Dan...the rich tones and the way it looks like this may go on forever.  I love how my eye is drawn..all the way down.Beautiful tone and perspective , love the way it drags you in to the shot :)
----------------
An Awesome Shot Award
You are invited to add this image to 
An Awesome Shot! ~CONTESTS~ Enter/Vote now
Please tag the photo with &quot;AnAwesomeShot&quot;
invited with SICI (2009-12-18)fantastic perspective and love the tone of this image!Excellent shot .Magical color tone and an awesome perspective in this shot.Wow Dan, I absolutely love this color you are using to tone this with. The perspective in this vertical format running back to the high horizon make a great composition. Must be that wide angle lens.Beautiful photo &amp; processGreat perspective and leading line!
Very nice result!great depth :)Very good!!!oOo Of course this is the same place as the previous image ... 
I think ... love the soft tones ... and the seemingly endless 
view to the horizon ... well taken as always .. and thanks for
your kind words too ..Bev oOoHi, I'm an admin for a group called ~  C R E A T I V I T Y ~  (NEW MEMBERSHIP BY ADMIN INVITE) , and we'd love to have this added to the group!Superb shot .... Very well doneIncredible composition!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )gorgeous tones . this is so beautiful!Excelente procesado y profundida de campo..

Una magnifica composicion!Great detail! Amazing.I realize I risk losing credibility each time I say this...but this is my new fav shot of yours, at least until you post again.  

Sweet fancy Moses, brother--this is a masterpiece. Tone, compo, crop, light, mood, lines...every pixel, exactly as it should be.

PS: Congrats on your Saints! :)Wonderful color and mood.awesome color tones and perspective!Wonderful tones &amp; perspective..The shot naturally draws you further into it with that great leading line.

Superb composition!!such incredible shot, Dan!
amazing place n marvelous processing my friend
have a great weekFantastic perspective! 

--
Discovered using FlickrFox. ( ?² )Nice !!!
great leading linesnice colours and perspective!superb!!Great composition!

Seen on FluidrGreat treatment on this and I love the depth and perspective.a mazing!
love the lines!
great treatment Dan!
super duper!
Congrats on your teams win ;)Back to say: The Saints weren't the only winners yesterday--congrats on a well-deserved Explore, my friend!  :)

--
Seen in my contacts' Explore photos. (?)Beautiful tone! Great work!Wow.... I don't know what to add, coming to this one much too late! Perfection is the word that keeps popping in my head. :)What a great shot! Very good treatment.

Congratz on explore!

I invite you to visit my photostream

--
Seen in the interestingness archives. (?)Very good idea of tones processing, good workexcelent composition :)Super lines, outstanding composition and drama on this shot!Real nice bro. Great job as usual.brilliant perspective and very beautiful and appropriate treatment!
excellent work, bravo!..;-)Great tone and nice perspective!Composed and toned masterfully.  This is beautiful!another beauty dan! just wonderful...The calm before the storm!!!..............a wonderful perspective and the 10mm fisheye is perfect for this!!!Beautiful tones and texture all the way down to that vanishing point.  Is that a seagull at the end?Ooohhh... I love the placement of the vanishing point mate. The way you captured this, I can see myself walking along this path when I need to contemplate about life and the direction where I am headed. And for that, I know this is a very effective shot as it draws the viewer in :)Excellent in depth and beautiful toneThanks everybody... all of your comments are so incredibly appreciated... yes, Thank you all...

Ronnie, actually that is a crane at the end of the walk, I have another shot with him in it that I will probably be posting later... thanks...Amazing shot!!!!  Love the composition and the tones to this.

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the perspective! Wonderful color tone in this image!Very beautiful perspective
Excellent workGreat perspective and tones.

--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)beautiful colours virance!
compliments


Thank you so much for sharing your art  to ~ C R E A T I V I T Y ~
Andrea
Terrific...superb composition.Wonderful line - love the moody color in thisBeautiful shot.. and love the treatment! :)

[ via imdna...'s flickriver &nbsp;--Yves. ]--
Seen on your photo stream. (?)
I love the lines in this image.
super shotAmazing tone ! Love it !great shot! love the tone here..nice shot.gorgeous tones, love the endless perspective!amazinghaha.  thats fantastic.YOUR POSTER! ohmygod i love it.OH MY GAWD this is my favorite movie quote everThis is one of the greatest things I have ever seen.omg totally gorgeous how did u make this this is so amazing 
this is tdf!how did u made thoes spiky thingy?by the way L.O.V.E ur ring so gaga!!Wooooow! This is indeed brilliant.
You've impressed me.
Stunning job xxits like origami  .. fold pape and then glue them together ... finally paint nailpolish ,,,u see i have 3 bottles ^^ thanks uhahahahaha i was waiting for this one, awesome!is that only paper or cardboard or anything?perfectthanks everybody ^^   

&gt;&gt;&gt; hartie  ...i tried cardboard ...i think its too hard ... just normal paper is ok  ..when u paint water color or nailpolish which will make the paper hard ...maybe there r some better way than mine ...amazing as always.coolOh myy &lt;3 Which Barbie is that ? I hope to see the other grammy outfit :Doh tnx veik11 ur my inspirationyou are very jenius!!I don't know how you did that, but it's great. Is it origami of some sort?wow ,amazing!Outstanding!o:that is the best u r so great please tell me how u make that on my flickramazing, veik, the news was posted.
fashionkiller.tumblr.com
thanks =DDD 
fashionkiller.tumblr.com/post/376610460/veik-e-as-bonecas...omfg
this is amazingu r amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!MAKE IT WORK! HOLLA Lol! Amazing yet again!So striking, I definitely appreciate such great craftsmanship :)Hi, I'm an admin for a group called Lady Gaga Mons†er Fans, and we'd love to have this added to the group!coolcongrats, it's fantastic !OMG, it's Barbara50, lol! Great job :DYou never cease to amaze me...like it better than mine i added my own flavor to it check it out check all my stuff outThanks everybody !! Thanks for all ur sweet comments .That mean a lot to me ....My dolls r always for all of u here ^________^XoxoxoxoxoxoWhen is costing each doll, so possible to pass me the price for this e-mail. ThanksYour work is simply to die for! I do many of the things you do tiny scale in full size, but oh my god! this is amazing! I just re-created this hat in full size form! www.amonsterscloset.comI want one!!!!!!!...... it is architecturally beautiful....Wonderful pic, nicely shot

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Love the colors here!Amazing capture!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)Nice shotfantastic color friend :)--


 This Great Photo bubbled in the Photo Distillery!
Please tag your photo with 'Distillery'.

--
Seen in the group&quot;The Photo Distillery(Post1-Comment3)&quot; ( ?² )fantástica toma con mucho colorido.Gostei das cores!Seen in :
Vista em :
 
Através da Minha Lente.. 
Through My Lens . Beautiful  picture !

Your Super shot deserves our Super award!

Show The World Your Art 
Super Photographer Group (Post 1 - Award 5)This brilliant photo has been received 5 or more award from Nikon-flickr-Award group!
Please post it to:
  
 Nikon-flickr-Award: Gold 5+ (post 1 – award 5) 
Please Tag your photo with “NikonflickrAwardGold”Wonderful shot, great colors!Colorido especial....Excelente enquadramento!...Bela cores.Great colors and I really like how you composed this.Beautiful coloursGrande foto Rafael...Fantásticas cores e composição perfeita!
Obrigado por sua visita e comentários, também vou explorar melhor sua galeria...Um abraço.ótima composição

belas cores

[]sNice colors and composition!Que lindas cores rafa!
tudo de bom essa fotoLindas côres !!!!!!!!!!vibrfant and beautifulBeautiful image, great colours!
Ciao.beautifulwonderful colours, well capturedWonderful shot, great coloursBonita compô, gostei do colorido. :) This beautifull shot was in - Esta bellísima imagen fue vista en:

 

The Photo Distillery (Post 1 Comment on 2) (Sube 1 Comenta 2)Ficou linda, muito colorida, adorei a composição.

Ótima semana pra c tbm =)gorgeous colors......nicely captured too.....hope you are having a wonderful Sunday!as cores estão o máximo, mas a profundidade detonou!
adorei esse angulo e o frame caiu super bem..
bom sunset querido
beijooooooo
♥Un colorido sensacional!!!!Magnificos colores y buena fotoBelas cores e composição!...gostei do seu angulo ai.
ficou legal...Beautiful colors, nice shot.Great colour and lighting!

--
Seen in my contacts' photos. (?)lovely one !!!very nice shot!ah eu conheço esse lugar 
lindas cores e gostei do ângulo!wow... very nice
--
Seen in my contacts' photos. ( ?² )Que demaiiis Rafaa...*--*Excellent shotbela foto, xará!!


I Agree, This Is a Stars Award!

   
Stars Awards Group

An Excellent Photo!

Please Tag Your Image &quot;Stars Awards&quot;I Agree, This Is a Stars Award!

   
Stars Awards Group

An Excellent Photo!

Please Tag Your Image &quot;Stars Awards&quot;Wow, great colors!Great colors--excellent capture!Belíssima composição...como sempre lindíssimas fotos!!!!Favoritadaaa!!!!obg pelo comentario=D
Bjos!Cores sempre incríveis, e um excelente enquadramento. Sou seu fã! =]Show de cores !!
--
Seen on your photo stream. ( ?² )I like all the colors!lovely colourful boats, beautiful shot.MAndou super bem na fotoÓtimo ângulo, ótimas cores.Preciosa imagen!. Me encantan esos coloresEntão rafa, eu uso vários, inclusive o CS3, as vezes processo no Lightroom e dou acabamento no CS3. Outra vezes no Photomatix, Photodrean, etc.cool compo. I think they need some new paint.Show de composição.. lindas cores,
abraçosOi! Sou administrador de um grupo chamado Dinghies and Tenders e nós adoraríamos ter isto adicionado ao grupo!I Agree, This Is a Stars Award!

   
Stars Awards Group

An Excellent Photo!

Please Tag Your Image &quot;Stars Awards&quot;I Agree, This Is a Stars Award!

   
Stars Awards Group

An Excellent Photo!

Please Tag Your Image &quot;Stars Awards&quot;I Agree, This Is a Stars Award!

   
Stars Awards Group

An Excellent Photo!

Please Tag Your Image &quot;Stars Awards&quot;cuanto color!!show de corescool!Lindo colorido da cena, amigo, uma ótima terça pra você, abraços.Show de cores e trabalho; Parabens!



You are my winner!
Please add this photo to
www.flickr.com/groups/mywinners/cores imagems.........fantasticaQue show de cores.... LINDA
;-)